<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_1822993_0001822993-23-000009.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>37032137</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1074162</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4142173</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>15887405</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>7737951</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>7390301</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001822993-23-000009.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301160742
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001822993-23-000009
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		180
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Jackson Financial Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001822993
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LIFE INSURANCE [6311]
		IRS NUMBER:				980486152
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40274
		FILM NUMBER:		23693508

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 CORPORATE WAY
		CITY:			LANSING
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48951
		BUSINESS PHONE:		517-381-5500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 CORPORATE WAY
		CITY:			LANSING
		STATE:			MI
		ZIP:			48951

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001822993-23-000009.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 jxn-20221231.htm
 10-K

jxn-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _____ to _____ 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant (based on the closing price of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was approximately billion. 
 As of February 22, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s Common Stock, 0.01 par value, outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
 , 2022 (Form 10-K) where indicated. The registrant's definitive 2023 proxy statement is expected to be filed on or about April 4, 2023. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I 
 Principal Definitions, Abbreviations and Acronyms Used in the Text and Notes to this Report 
 2 
 Forward-looking Statements - Cautionary Language 
 4 
 Item 1. Business 
 Overview 
 5 
 Our Product Offerings 
 7 
 Distribution and Operations 
 9 
 Competition 
 11 
 Risk Management 
 11 
 Regulation 
 14 
 Environmental, Social and Governance 
 23 
 Human Capital Resources 
 23 
 Intellectual Property 
 25 
 Available Information 
 26 
 Information about our Executive Officers 
 27 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 29 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 51 
 Item 2. Properties 
 51 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 51 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 51 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 52 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 53 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 54 
 Executive Summary 
 54 
 Impact of Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 55 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 56 
 Key Operating Measures 
 60 
 Macroeconomic, Industry, and Regulatory Trends 
 63 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 66 
 Segment Results of Operations 
 68 
 Investments 
 73 
 Policy and Contract Liabilities 
 83 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 86 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 92 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 99 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 104 
 Reference to Financial Statements and Schedules 
 104 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 206 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 206 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 207 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 207 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 207 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 207 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 208 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 208 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 208 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 209 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 214 
 SIGNATURES 
 Signatures 
 215 
 
 1 

Principal Definitions, Abbreviations, and Acronyms Used in the Text and Notes of this Report 
 
 we, us, our and the Company Jackson Financial Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context refers only to Jackson Financial Inc. as a corporate entity (which we refer to as "JFI" or "Jackson Financial") Jackson Jackson National Life Insurance Company, a Company subsidiary. Brooke Life Brooke Life Insurance Company, a Company subsidiary and the direct parent company of Jackson National Life Insurance Company Jackson Finance Jackson Finance, LLC, a Company subsidiary PPMH PPM Holdings, Inc., a Company subsidiary PPM PPM America, Inc., a subsidiary of PPMH ACL Allowance for credit loss Account value or account balance The amount of money in a customer s account. For example, the value increases with additional premiums and investment gains, and it decreases with withdrawals, investment losses and fees. Athene Athene Life Re Ltd. and its affiliates and permitted transferees, including Athene Co-Invest Reinsurance Affiliate 1A Ltd. Athene Equity Investment The July 2020 investment of 500 million by Athene in JFI for Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, representing approximately 9.9 of the total combined voting power and approximately 11.1 of the total common stock of the Company. Athene Reinsurance Transaction The funds withheld coinsurance agreement with Athene on June 18, 2020, effective June 1, 2020, to reinsure a 100 quota share of a block of our in-force fixed and fixed index annuity liabilities in exchange for approximately 1.2 billion in ceding commissions Athene Transactions The Athene Reinsurance Transaction and the Athene Equity Investment, together AUM ("Assets under management") Investment assets that are managed by one of our subsidiaries and includes: (i) the assets in our investment portfolio managed by PPM, which excludes assets held in funds withheld accounts for reinsurance transactions, (ii) third-party assets managed by PPM, including those for Prudential and its affiliates or third parties, and (iii) the separate account assets of our Retail Annuities segment that Jackson National Asset Management, LLC ("JNAM") manages and administers. Benefit base A notional amount (not actual cash value) used to calculate an account owner s guaranteed benefits within an annuity contract. The death benefit and living benefit within the same contract may have different benefit bases. CMBS Commercial mortgage-backed securities DAC ("Deferred acquisition costs") Represent the incremental costs related directly to the successful acquisition of new, and certain renewal, insurance policies and annuity contracts, which are deferred on the balance sheet as an asset DDTL Facility Delayed Draw Term Loan Facility Deferred tax asset or Deferred tax liability Assets or liabilities that are recorded for the difference between book basis and tax basis of an asset or a liability DSI ("Deferred sales inducements") Represent amounts that are credited to a policyholder s account balance that are higher than the expected crediting rates on similar contracts without such an inducement and that are an incentive to purchase a contract and also meet the accounting criteria to be deferred as an asset that is amortized over the life of the contract. Fixed Annuity An annuity that guarantees a set annual rate of return with interest at rates we determine, subject to specified minimums. Credited interest rates are guaranteed not to change for certain limited periods of time. Fixed Index Annuity An annuity with an ability to share in the upside from certain financial markets, such as equity indices, and provides downside protection 
 2 

Form 10 Form 10 registration statement registering the Company s Class A Common Stock under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which became effective on August 6, 2021. General account assets The assets held in the general accounts of our insurance companies GIC Guaranteed investment contract Guarantee Fees Fees charged on annuities for optional benefit guarantees GMAB ("Guaranteed minimum accumulation benefit") An add-on benefit (enhanced benefits available for an additional cost) that entitles an owner to a minimum payment, typically in lump-sum, after a set period of time, typically referred to as the accumulation period. The minimum payment is based on the benefit base, which could be greater than the underlying account value. GMDB ("Guaranteed minimum death benefit") An add-on benefit (enhanced benefits available for an additional cost) that guarantees an owner s beneficiaries are entitled to a minimum payment based on the benefit base, which could be greater than the underlying account value, upon the death of the owner. GMIB ("Guaranteed minimum income benefit") An add-on benefit (available for an additional cost) where an owner is entitled to annuitize the policy and receive a minimum payment stream based on the benefit base, which could be greater than the payment stream resulting from current annuitization of the underlying account value GMWB ("Guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefit") An add-on benefit (available for an additional cost) where an owner is entitled to withdraw a maximum amount of their benefit base each year, for which cumulative payments to the owner could be greater than the underlying account value GMWB for Life ("Guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefit for life") An add-on benefit (available for an additional cost) where an owner is entitled to withdraw the guaranteed annual withdrawal amount each year, for the duration of the policyholder s life, regardless of account performance. NAIC National Association of Insurance Commissioners NAV Net asset value Net flows Net flows represent the net change in customer account balances during a period, including gross premiums, surrenders, withdrawals and benefits. Net flows exclude investment performance, interest credited to customer accounts and policy charges. RBC ("Risk-based capital") Statutory minimum level of capital that is required by regulators for an insurer to support its operations. RILA A registered index-linked annuity, which offers market index-linked investment options, subject to a cap, and offers a variety of guarantees designed to modify or limit losses 
 RMBS Residential mortgage-backed securities Variable annuity An annuity that offers tax-deferred investment into a range of asset classes and a variable return, which offers insurance features related to potential future income payments VIE Variable interest entity 
 
 3 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS CAUTIONARY LANGUAGE 
 
 The information in this Annual Report on 10-K (this Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements about future events and circumstances and their effects upon revenues, expenses and business opportunities. Generally speaking, any statement in this Form 10-K not based upon historical fact is a forward-looking statement. Forward-looking statements can also be identified by the use of forward-looking or conditional words, such as could, should, can, continue, estimate, forecast, intend, look, may, will, expect, believe, anticipate, plan, remain, confident and commit or similar expressions. In particular, statements regarding plans, strategies, prospects, targets and expectations regarding the business and industry are forward-looking statements. They reflect expectations, are not guarantees of performance and speak only as of the dates the statements are made. We caution investors that these forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those projected, expressed, or implied. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include those reflected in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors and Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Form 10-K and elsewhere in Jackson Financial Inc. s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). Except as required by law, Jackson Financial Inc. does not undertake to update such forward-looking statements. You should not rely unduly on forward-looking statements. 

4 

Part I 

Item 1. Business 

Overview 
 
 Jackson Financial Inc. Jackson Financial or "JFI"), is a financial services company focused on helping Americans grow and protect their retirement savings and income to enable them to pursue financial freedom for life in the United States U.S. ). We believe we are well-positioned in our markets because of our differentiated products and our well-known brand among distributors and advisors. Our market position is supported by our efficient and scalable operating platform and industry-leading distribution network. We are confident these core strengths will enable us to grow as an aging U.S. population transitions into retirement. We refer to Jackson Financial and its subsidiaries collectively as the Company, we, our or us. 
 
 Jackson Financial, domiciled in the U.S., was previously a majority-owned subsidiary of Prudential plc Prudential ), London, England, and was the holding company for Prudential s U.S. operations. The Company's demerger from Prudential was completed on September 13, 2021 (the "Demerger"), and the Company no longer is a majority-owned subsidiary of Prudential. See "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 1. Business and Basis of Presentation" for further discussion of the Demerger. 
 
 Our principal operating subsidiary, Jackson National Life Insurance Company ("Jackson National Life" or "Jackson"), was founded in Jackson, Michigan in 1961. We are headquartered in Lansing, Michigan and maintain offices in Franklin, Tennessee and Chicago, Illinois. Our insurance company subsidiaries are licensed to distribute insurance products in all 50 U.S. states and the District of Columbia. 
 
 We offer a diverse suite of annuities to retail investors in the U.S. Our variable annuities have been among the best-selling products of their kind in the U.S. primarily due to the differentiated features we offer as compared to our competitors, in particular the wider range of investment options and greater freedom to invest across multiple investment options. We also offer fixed-index, fixed, and payout annuities. In the fourth quarter of 2021, we successfully launched Jackson Market Link Pro SM and Jackson Market Link Pro Advisory SM , our commission and advisory based suite of registered index-linked annuities ("RILAs"). We also entered the Defined Contribution market in the fourth quarter of 2021, as a carrier in the AllianceBernstein Lifetime Income Strategy. 
 
 We sell our products through an industry-leading distribution network that includes independent broker-dealers, wirehouses, regional broker-dealers, banks, independent registered investment advisors, third-party platforms and insurance agents. We were the fifth largest retail annuity company in the U.S. for the nine months ended September 30, 2022, and the largest for the year ended December 31, 2021, according to Life Insurance Marketing and Research Association ("LIMRA") , a worldwide insurance and related financial services trade association, as measured by sales. Total retail annuity sales for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 15.7 billion and 19.3 billion, respectively. 
 
 Our operating platform is scalable and efficient. We administer approximately 78 of our in-force policies on our in-house policy administration platform. The remainder of our business is administered through established third-party arrangements. We believe our operating platform provides us with a competitive advantage by allowing us to grow efficiently and provide superior customer service while maintaining a combined statutory operating expense-to-asset ratio of 21 basis points at our principal insurance company subsidiaries for the year ended December 31, 2022, which we believe is among the lowest in the life and annuity industry. 
 
 Product design and pricing are key aspects of our risk management approach, as is our hedging program. We intend to continue using our diverse product offerings, distribution capabilities, and operating platform to pursue growth opportunities. 
 
 5 

Part I | Item 1. Business | Overview 

 These core strengths enable us to produce an attractive financial profile, reflected by our track record of generating profitable growth and earning attractive risk-adjusted returns. In addition, we have shown a commitment to long-term capital return to shareholders through our share repurchase plan and shareholder dividends. The table below presents selected financial and operating measures: 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in millions) Total Sales 18,135 19,804 Assets Under Management ("AUM") 290,549 359,454 Net income (loss) attributable to Jackson Financial Inc. 5,697 3,183 Adjusted Operating Earnings (1) 
 1,443 2,398 Share repurchase program 283 211 Dividends on common shares 199 50 Return on Equity ("ROE") 60.7 31.5 Adjusted Operating ROE (1) 
 13.2 28.6 Total Financial Leverage Ratio (2) 
 18.3 22.9 Jackson statutory risk-based capital 544 580 (1) Non-GAAP Financial Measure. See Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Key Non-GAAP Financial Measures and Operating Measures for information regarding our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the most comparable U.S. GAAP measures. 
 (2) Total financial leverage is the ratio of total debt to the Total Adjusted Capitalization (combined total debt and Adjusted Book Value). 

How We Generate Revenues and Profitability 
 
 We earn revenues predominantly from fee income, income from investments, and insurance premiums. Our profitability is dependent on our ability to properly price and manage risk on insurance and annuity products, to manage our portfolio of investments effectively, and to control costs through expense discipline . 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Our revenues come from five primary sources: 
 
 Fee income derived primarily from our annuities and investment management products; 
 
 Net investment income from our investment portfolio; 
 
 Premiums from certain life insurance and annuity products, as well as from reinsurance transactions; 
 
 Net realized gains (losses) on investments, including trading activity within our investment portfolio and risk management related derivative activities; and 
 
 Other income, which primarily represents expense allowances associated with our reinsurance agreements. 
 
 Benefits and Expenses 
 
 Our benefits and expenses consist of five primary sources: 
 
 Death, other policy benefits and change in policy reserves, net of deferrals; 
 
 Interest credited on contract holder funds, net of deferrals and amortization; 
 
 Operating costs and other expenses, net of deferrals; 
 
 Interest expense on long-term debt; and 
 
 Amortization of deferred acquisition costs. 
 
 6 

Part I | Item 1. Business | How We Generate Revenues and Profitability 

 Net Income Volatility 
 
 Our results experience net income volatility due to the mismatch between movements in our policyholder liabilities and the market driven movements in the derivatives used in our hedging program. Our hedging program is based on economic cash flow models of our liabilities, rather than the U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles ("GAAP") accounting view of the embedded derivatives. We do not directly seek to offset the movement in our U.S. GAAP liabilities from changes in market conditions. As a result, the changes in the value of the derivatives used as part of the hedging program are not expected to match the movements in the hedged liabilities on a U.S. GAAP basis from period to period, resulting in volatility as a result of changes in fair value recorded to net income. Accordingly, we evaluate and manage the performance of our business using Adjusted Operating Earnings, a non-GAAP financial measure that reduces the impact of market volatility by excluding changes in fair value of freestanding and embedded derivative instruments, among other items. See Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Non-GAAP Financial Measures" and "Key Operating Measures for information regarding our non-GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the most comparable U.S. GAAP measures. 

Our Product Offerings by Segment 
 
 We manage our business through three segments: Retail Annuities, Institutional Products, and Closed Life and Annuity Blocks. We report certain activities and items that are not included in these segments in Corporate and Other, including the results of PPM Holdings, Inc. ("PPMH"), the holding company of PPM America Inc. ("PPM"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Jackson Financial. 

Retail Annuities 
 
 We are one of the leading providers of annuities in the U.S. retirement market. Our Retail Annuities segment includes our variable, fixed index, fixed, and payout annuities as well as our Registered Index-Linked Annuities, or RILA, and our lifetime income solutions offering in the defined contribution market. 
 Our annuities are designed to offer customers investment opportunities to: 
 
 grow their savings on a tax-deferred basis consistent with their objectives, ranging from annuities that offer full market participation to annuities that offer guaranteed fixed returns, including full or partial protection of principal; 
 protect their assets using a variety of standard and optional guaranteed benefits and guaranteed minimum crediting rates; and 
 provide a source of income in the form of minimum payments for life and minimum payments to beneficiaries upon death. 
 
 Variable Annuities 
 
 Our variable annuities offer our customers full participation in market returns through a broad selection of funds in a variety of investment styles, including equities and fixed income. Our customers have the freedom to allocate their savings across this wide range of investment options, even if an optional guaranteed benefit is elected. Our variable annuities offer a range of optional benefits to meet our customers needs. Optional benefits offer the customer guaranteed minimum protection based on their eligible contributions, adjusted for withdrawals, designed to protect against market volatility and investment performance risk. The principal features of our variable annuity optional guaranteed benefits are: 
 
 Guaranteed minimum payments for the customer s lifetime based on a fixed annual percentage of the benefit base, referred to as Guaranteed Minimum Withdrawal Benefits for Life, or GMWB for Life. As of December 31, 2022, 73 of our total variable annuity account value included a GMWB for Life optional guarantee benefit selection. 
 Guaranteed minimum payments based on a fixed annual percentage of the benefit base, for at least the amount of the customer s total eligible contributions, referred to as Guaranteed Minimum Withdrawal Benefits, or GMWB. As of December 31, 2022, 3 of our total variable annuity account value included a GMWB optional guaranteed benefit selection. 
 7 

Part I | Item 1. Business | Our Product Offerings by Segment 

 Death benefits that guarantee the annuity beneficiary will receive the higher of the current account value or the benefit base, which can be increased through roll-up and step-up features, referred to as an enhanced Guaranteed Minimum Death Benefit, or enhanced GMDB. As of December 31, 2022, 11 of our total variable annuity account value included an enhanced GMDB selection. 
 
 The investment freedom and optional guaranteed benefits valued by our customers and distribution partners have remained generally consistent over our history. As a result, we have strong brand recognition with distributors and advisors, as demonstrated by the +56 Net Promoter Score NPS for our variable annuities, compared to an industry average NPS of +41, based on advisor surveys conducted by Market Metrics in 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had variable annuity sales of 13.6 billion. As of December 31, 2022, we had variable annuity account value of 205.8 billion. 
 
 In addition, Jackson National Asset Management LLC s ("JNAM") results are included within our Retail Annuities segment. The separate account assets associated with our variable annuities are managed by JNAM, a wholly-owned registered investment advisor that provides investment advisory, fund accounting and administration services to the funds offered within our variable annuities. JNAM selects, monitors and actively manages the investment advisors that manage the funds we offer within our variable annuities. JNAM also directly manages asset allocation for funds of funds offered within our variable annuities. As of December 31, 2022, JNAM managed 219.1 billion of assets. 
 
 In the fourth quarter of 2021, AllianceBernstein L.P. ("AllianceBernstein") added Jackson National Life to its platform of insurers that provide guaranteed income in its Lifetime Income Strategy retirement solution for defined contribution plans. Our presence in the defined contribution market helps ensure individuals have access to reliable retirement income generating a consistent, steady stream of lifetime income. Lifetime Income Strategy is offered to serve as a qualified default investment alternative. Similar to the GMWB options offered on our variable annuities, Lifetime Income Strategy is designed with a flexible guaranteed income option to offer plan participants control of their account, full access to their money and guaranteed income in retirement. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had defined contribution products sales of 696 million through the platform. 
 
 Fixed Index Annuities 
 
 Our fixed index annuities offer a guaranteed minimum crediting rate that may be lower than a traditional fixed annuity and allow the customer discretion in the allocation of assets to either fixed accounts (which offer a fixed interest rate that is similar to our fixed annuities regardless of market performance) or to indexed funds with the potential for additional growth based on the performance of a reference market index (generally, the S P 500 or MSCI Europe, Australasia, and Far East index), subject to a cap. Our fixed index annuities also offer an optional guaranteed minimum payments for life benefit. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had fixed index annuity sales of 126 million. As of December 31, 2022, we had fixed index annuity account value of 415 million, net of reinsurance. 
 
 Fixed Annuities 
 
 Our fixed annuities offer a guaranteed minimum crediting rate that is typically higher than the interest rates offered by bank savings accounts or money market funds. In addition to our traditional fixed annuities, we currently market multi-year guaranteed annuities with three different guaranteed crediting rate periods. Our fixed annuities do not offer guaranteed minimum payments for life benefits but can be annuitized or converted into a series of income payments that offers such benefits, such as payout annuities. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had fixed annuity sales of 162 million. As of December 31, 2022, we had fixed annuity account value of 1.2 billion, net of reinsurance. 
 
 RILA 
 
 The registered index-linked annuity market has been the fastest growing category for the annuity market over the last five years, growing at a compound annual growth rate of 9 from 2017 through 2022. Our RILA suite, Jackson Market Link Pro SM and Jackson Market Link Pro Advisory SM , offers our customers exposure to market returns through market index-linked investment options, subject to a cap, and offers a variety of guarantees designed to modify or limit losses. Our RILA generally includes a guaranteed minimum payment to beneficiaries upon death. Our RILA offers a number of options for a customizable product, including several combinations of crediting strategies, index options, term lengths, and levels of downside protection in the form of "floors" or "buffers". Downside protection beyond a specified percentage loss is provided through a floor, which establishes the maximum percentage loss in the market index-linked investment option 
 8 

Part I | Item 1. Business | Our Product Offerings by Segment 

 selected that a customer will experience in a down market. Any loss in excess of the floor is insured and borne by us. Partial downside protection is provided through a buffer, which establishes an initial range of loss in the market index-linked investment option selected (e.g., the first 20 of loss) that we will insure and bear. Any loss that exceeds the buffer will result in a loss of account value and be experienced by the customer. We believe the RILA market presents us with a compelling growth opportunity within our traditional channels with the potential to earn attractive risk-adjusted returns. Our first RILA sale occurred in the fourth quarter of 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had RILA sales of 1.8 billion. 

Institutional Products 
 
 Our Institutional Products segment consists of traditional guaranteed investment contracts, funding agreements (including agreements issued in conjunction with our participation in the U.S. Federal Home Loan Bank ("FHLB") program) and medium-term funding agreement-backed notes. Our institutional products provide us with an additional source of investment spread-based income, and generally guarantee purchasers of our products the payment of principal and interest at a fixed or floating rate over a term of two to ten years. This investment spread-based income is generated based on the difference between the rate of return we earn on the deposit and the interest payable to the purchasers of these products. We typically issue institutional products on an opportunistic basis depending on both the risk-adjusted return on investment opportunities available and the prevailing cost of funding required by purchasers of our institutional products. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had institutional product sales of 2.4 billion. As of December 31, 2022, we had institutional product account value of 9.0 billion. 

Closed Life and Annuity Blocks 
 
 Our Closed Life and Annuity Blocks segment is primarily composed of blocks of business that have been acquired since 2004. The segment includes various protection products, primarily whole life, universal life, variable universal life, and term life insurance products, as well as fixed, fixed index, and payout annuities. The Closed Life and Annuity Blocks segment also includes a block of group payout annuities that we assumed from John Hancock Life Insurance Company (USA) John Hancock and John Hancock Life Insurance Company of New York John Hancock NY through reinsurance transactions in 2018 and 2019, respectively. 
 
 We historically offered traditional and interest-sensitive life insurance products but discontinued new sales of life insurance products in 2012, as we believe opportunistically acquiring mature blocks of life insurance policies is a more efficient means of diversifying our in-force business than selling new life insurance products. As of December 31, 2022, we had more than 1.6 million policies in-force. At December 31, 2022, our Closed Life and Annuity Blocks segment had 23.4 billion of total reserves. 

Corporate and Other 
 
 Corporate and Other includes the operations of PPMH, the holding company of PPM, and unallocated corporate income and expenses, as well as certain eliminations and consolidation adjustments. 
 
 PPM manages the majority of our general account investment portfolio. Our investment and asset allocation guidelines are designed to provide us with a competitive rate of return on invested assets, support the profitable growth of our business, and support our goal of maintaining appropriate capitalization from both a regulatory and ratings perspective. PPM also provides investment management services to Prudential affiliates in Asia, former affiliates in the United Kingdom and other third parties across markets, including public fixed income, private equity, private debt and commercial real estate. As of December 31, 2022, PPM managed approximately 71.5 billion of assets. 

Distribution and Operations 
 
 Distribution Channels 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our retail annuities are distributed through: 
 approximately 534 distribution partners and more than 132,000 licensed and appointed advisors across three traditional broker-dealer channels including independent broker-dealers; banks and other financial institutions; and wirehouses and regional broker-dealers; and 
 9 

Part I | Item 1. Business | Distribution and Operations 

 more than 1,070 registered investment advisor firms with over 10,400 independent registered investment advisors ("iRIAs"), third-party platforms and insurance agents across our IPA channel (the IPA channel . 
 
 In addition, Jackson National Life Distributors, LLC ("JNLD") is registered as a broker-dealer with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), pursuant to the Exchange Act, and is registered as a broker-dealer in all applicable states. 
 
 Our strong presence in multiple distribution channels has helped position us as a leading provider of retirement savings and income solutions. According to LIMRA, for the nine months ended September 30, 2022, we accounted for 14.4 of new sales in the U.S. retail variable annuity market and ranked # 1 in variable annuity sales. Each of these channels is supported by our sizeable wholesaler field force, which is among the most productive in the annuity industry. According to the Market Metrics Q3 2022 Sales, Staffing, and Productivity Report, our 27 million variable annuity sales per wholesaler are tied with Equitable and Allianz for the highest in the industry while fielding 52 more wholesalers than Equitable and 68 more than Allianz. We are increasingly focused on growing sales through our IPA channel. We intend to facilitate the sale of annuities by registered investment advisors by offering them use of an insurance support desk that satisfies insurance-related licensing and regulatory requirements. We believe there is a significant long-term opportunity to grow annuity sales through registered investment advisors, who managed approximately 8.2 trillion in investor assets at the end of 2021, according to a report by Cerulli Associates. 
 
 We sell our institutional products through investment banks or other intermediaries to institutional and corporate investors, plan sponsors and other eligible purchasers. 
 
 Operating Platform 
 
 Our in-house policy administration platform gives us flexibility to administer multiple product types through a single platform. We have more than 3.0 million life and annuity policies and currently administer approximately 78 of our in-force policies on our in-house platform, eliminating the burdens, costs and inefficiencies that would be involved in maintaining multiple legacy administration systems. We also have scalable third-party administration agreements. Our ability to utilize both in-house and third-party administrative platforms gives us flexibility to convert and administer acquired business efficiently. We believe our operating platform provides a competitive advantage by allowing us to grow efficiently and provide superior customer service. We received the Contact Center of the Year award from Service Quality Measurement Group, Inc. ("SQM") for 2019 and 2020, and were a finalist for the 2021 and 2022 award. In 2022, Jackson received the Highest Customer Service Financial Industry award from SQM for the 11th straight year. According to the Operations Managers Roundtable, we ranked 2 nd for overall operational capabilities in 2021 and 2022 by our broker-dealer partners. 
 
 Underwriting and Product Design 
 
 Our key underwriting and product design practices include: 
 
 In 2012, we developed and launched Elite Access, our investment-only variable annuity that does not include any guaranteed living benefits. Since that time, it has been the industry s best-selling investment-only variable annuity. As of December 31, 2022, Elite Access represented 12 of our total variable annuity account value. 
 All our variable annuities, including our flagship variable annuity, Perspective II, may be purchased without any guaranteed living benefits. As of December 31, 2022, variable annuities with no guaranteed living benefits (including investment-only variable annuities) represented 24 of our total variable annuity account value. 
 For those products that include optional guaranteed benefits, we focus on living benefits that are easier to manage in terms of risk, such as GMWB and GMWB for Life. As of December 31, 2022, 75 of our total variable annuity account value included a GMWB or GMWB for Life guaranteed living benefit. 
 We no longer offer guaranteed living benefits that we believe offer us a lower risk-adjusted return, such as Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefits, or GMIBs; instead, we utilize third-party reinsurance to mitigate the risks that we face relating to those benefits. As of December 31, 2022, less than 1 of our total variable annuity account value included a GMIB, substantially all of which has been reinsured. 
 We have designed substantially all of our products such that the guarantee fee charged to the customer is calculated based on the benefit base, rather than the account value, which supports our hedging program by stabilizing the guarantee fees we earn. 
 10 

Part I | Item 1. Business | Distribution and Operations 

 Less than 5 of our in-force variable annuity policies, based on account value as of December 31, 2022, were sold prior to the 2008 financial crisis, a period when many variable annuities sold by our competitors were uneconomically priced and offered difficult to manage guarantee features. 
 We successfully launched Jackson Market Link Pro SM and Jackson Market Link Pro Advisory SM , our commission and advisory based suite of RILAs, in the fourth quarter of 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, RILA sales of 1.8 billion represented 12 of our total retail annuities sales for the year. 
 We successfully entered the Defined Contribution market as a carrier in the AllianceBernstein Lifetime Income Strategy in the fourth quarter of 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had sales of 696 million representing 4 of our total retail annuities sales for the year. 
 
 We set what we believe are appropriate mortality and policyholder behavior assumptions as part of our pricing and reserving practices. We monitor experience on a regular basis, and we incorporate new experience data and emerging trends to ensure our actuarial assumptions and models reflect the appropriate mix of all available information and expert judgment. 
 
 Our core dynamic hedging program seeks to offset changes in economic liability associated with variable annuity guaranteed benefits due to market movements, while our macro hedging program seeks to protect statutory capital under a range of stress scenarios. We also use third-party reinsurance to mitigate a portion of the risks we face, principally in certain of our in-force annuity and life insurance products with regard to longevity and mortality risks and with regard to the vast majority of our GMIB optional benefit features. 
 
 Historically, we have managed and diversified our overall mortality and longevity risks through acquisitions. Since 2012, we have acquired more than 15.0 billion in life and annuity reserves. Consistent with our financial goals, we may opportunistically explore acquisitions we believe provide attractive risk-adjusted returns. 

Competition 
 
 The insurance industry is highly competitive, with several factors affecting our ability to compete effectively, including the range of products offered, product terms and features, financial strength and credit ratings, brand strength and name recognition, investment management performance and fund management trends, the ability to respond to developing demographic trends, customer appetite for certain products and technological advances. Our competitors include major stock and mutual insurance companies, mutual fund organizations, banks and other financial services companies. In recent years, there has been substantial consolidation and convergence among companies in the insurance and financial services industries resulting in increased competition from large, well-capitalized insurance and financial services firms that market products and services similar to ours. Increased consolidation among banks and other financial services companies could create firms with even stronger competitive positions, negatively impact the insurance industry s sales, increase competition for access to distribution partners, result in greater distribution expenses and impair our ability to market our annuities to our current customer base or expand our customer base. Despite the increasing competition, we believe that our competitive strengths position us well in the current competitive environment. Competitive activity could adversely affect our market share and financial results, which could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. See Risk Factors Risks Related to the Products We Offer and Distribution." 

Risk Management 
 
 Enterprise Risk Management Framework 
 
 Our disciplined risk management framework Framework is focused on identifying, assessing, managing, monitoring and reporting material risks to our business. This Framework is reviewed on an annual basis to ensure it meets the expectations of stakeholders and remains in compliance with regulatory requirements. The Framework is organized around the following six core components designed to provide clear direction and embed risk management in day-to-day decision making, which are described further below. 
 
 Risk Governance and Culture 
 Risk Appetite and Limits 
 Risk Identification, Assessment, Measurement and Management 
 Risk Monitoring, Reporting and Escalation 
 11 

Part I | Item 1. Business | Risk Management 

 Risk Response and Recovery Plans 
 Risk Stress and Scenario Testing 
 
 Risk Governance Culture 
 
 Jackson Financial's Board of Directors (the "Board of Directors" or "Board") oversees and approves the risk framework and delegates risk oversight responsibilities to board-level committees, management committees, and executive management. We embed risk management in the business using a three lines model: 
 
 Risk Ownership and Management (first line): Our business functions have primary ownership of risk management relating to their area of expertise. 
 Risk Oversight and Challenge (second line): Our Risk team focuses on risk oversight and challenge, relating to business, financial and non-financial risks. Our compliance team oversees and ensures appropriate frameworks are in place to manage compliance and regulatory requirements. 
 Independent Assurance (third line): Our internal audit team provides independent, objective, and risk-based assessment and reporting on the overall effectiveness of risk management, control, and governance processes across the organization. The internal audit team is directly overseen by the Jackson Financial Audit Committee and operates pursuant to a charter which is reviewed and approved annually by the Jackson Financial Audit Committee. 
 
 Risk Appetite and Limits 
 
 We manage our business under a Board approved Risk Appetite, which articulates the risk we are willing to accept in pursuit of our objectives. The Jackson Financial Finance and Risk Committee approves and monitors a limits framework to support monitoring compliance with the Risk Appetite. 
 
 Risk Identification, Assessment, Measurement and Management 
 
 We operate an enterprise-wide risk identification and risk control self-assessment ("RCSA") process to measure and develop a holistic and prioritized view of the material risks we face and our control environment. Risks we consider include financial (e.g., market, credit and counterparty, liquidity, and insurance), non-financial (e.g., compliance, cyber, technology, third party, people, transaction processing) and strategic (e.g., capital management, change management, regulatory change, product design and pricing). We also monitor the external environment for emerging risks. See Risk Factors for a description of the risks we face. 
 
 Risk Monitoring, Reporting and Escalation 
 
 Risk monitoring and reporting processes facilitate risk-based decision making by management, and risk management oversight by management and board-level committees. Risk escalation processes exist to ensure Risk Appetite or Risk Limit breaches, and other material non-financial risk events are escalated in a timely manner to executive management, management committees, and board committees. 
 
 Risk Response and Recovery Plans 
 
 We maintain a financial recovery plan and other response and recovery plans to respond to and remediate breaches of Risk Appetite or Risk Li mits, strengthen capital or liquidity, or respond to other significant non-financial risk events. 
 
 Risk Stress and Scenario Testing 
 
 We periodically perform stress testing to assess the risk profile and test our ability to manage through material financial and non-financial risk events. 
 
 We further describe below certain risk management strategies we employ to manage financial and non-financial risks. 
 
 12 

Part I | Item 1. Business | Risk Management 

 Financial Risk 
 
 We employ various financial risk management strategies, including hedging and third-party reinsurance. Key objectives of our financial risk management strategies include limiting losses and managing exposures to significant risks within established Risk Limits. 
 
 Hedging Program: Our hedging program seeks to balance three risk management objectives: protecting against the economic impact of adverse market conditions, protecting statutory capital, and stabilizing statutory distributable earnings throughout market cycles. Our core dynamic hedging program seeks to offset changes in the economic liability associated with variable and registered index-linked annuity guaranteed benefits due to market movements, while our macro hedging program seeks to protect statutory capital under a range of stress scenarios. 
 
 Our hedging strategy manages equity and interest rate risk within risk tolerances through a mix of equity and interest rate derivatives and fixed income assets. We do not directly use hedging to offset the movement in our U.S. GAAP liabilities as market conditions change from period to period, which may result in U.S. GAAP net income volatility. 
 
 Third-Party Reinsurance: We utilize third-party reinsurance to mitigate a portion of the risks that we face, principally in certain of our in-force annuity and life insurance products related to longevity and mortality risks and specific features of our variable annuities. We have entered into reinsurance contracts to manage the full spectrum of risk exposure on certain blocks of business. The majority of our in-force fixed annuity and fixed index annuity businesses, as well as the legacy block of Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefits ("GMIBs") on Variable Annuities ("VA"), has been ceded to highly-rated unaffiliated reinsurers. 
 
 Pricing and Reserving: We set what we believe are appropriate mortality and policyholder behavior assumptions as part of our pricing and reserving practices. We monitor experience on a regular basis, and we incorporate new experience data and emerging trends to ensure our actuarial assumptions and models are regularly updated and reflect the appropriate mix of all available information and expert judgment. Factors considered in product pricing primarily include expected investment returns, interest rates, market volatility, mortality, longevity, persistency, benefit utilization and operating expenses as well as other features of certain annuity products. Our product pricing models also take into account capital requirements, risk profile, target returns and operating expenses. 
 
 Equity Market Risk: Guaranteed benefits within many of the annuity products we sell expose us to equity market risk. We manage equity market risk by both holding sufficient capital and by using derivative-based hedges as described above in our hedging program. We hedge the equity risk embedded within our products by using equity options, total return swaps, and futures on a variety of indices that best represent the equity exposures inherent in the range of underlying investment options available on certain of our annuities. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk: To manage interest rate risk, we employ product design, pricing and asset-liability management strategies intended to mitigate the potential effects of interest rate movements. Product design and pricing strategies include the use of surrender charges, market value adjustments, restrictions on withdrawals and the ability to reset crediting rates. Our asset-liability management strategies may include the use of derivatives, such as interest rate swaps, interest rate swaptions (also known as a swap option) and interest rate/bond futures, as well as fixed income assets. We manage interest rate risk in aggregate, contemplating natural offsets between products before pursuing hedging transactions. 
 
 We analyze interest rate risk using various models, including multi-scenario models that project future cash flows from our product and benefit liabilities and their supporting investments, including derivatives. These projections involve evaluating the potential gain or loss on our in-force business under various increasing and decreasing interest rate environments. State insurance regulations require that we perform some of these analyses annually as part of our review of the sufficiency of our regulatory reserves. We also measure the relative sensitivities of the value of our assets and liabilities to changes in key assumptions utilizing internal models. These models reflect specific product characteristics and include assumptions based on our expectations regarding lapse, mortality and crediting rates. 
 
 We also use common industry metrics, such as duration and convexity, to measure the relative sensitivity of asset and liability values to changes in interest rates. In computing the duration of liabilities, we consider all policyholder guarantees as well as non-guaranteed elements of policyholder liabilities. 
 
 13 

Part I | Item 1. Business | Risk Management 

 Asset-Liability Management Risk: To determine whether obligations within certain of our products will be met when they become due, we use asset-liability cash flow management techniques that consider current and future investment returns, asset and liability durations, risk tolerance and cash flow requirements. We operate under an investment policy intended to maintain a desired spread between the yield on our investment portfolio and the crediting rate paid on our policyholder funds. If subsequent experience proves to be different from current assumptions, maturing liabilities and maturing investment assets may no longer be matched to the degree originally anticipated, placing unanticipated demands on cash flow and liquidity. We closely monitor our investment portfolio to assess our asset-liability position and to change investment strategies and rebalance the duration of our investment portfolio as deemed necessary. We analyze the adequacy of reserves annually, which includes dynamic cash flow testing of assets and liabilities by product under a variety of interest rate scenarios. 
 
 Counterparty Risk: The inability of a banking, derivative or reinsurance counterparty to satisfy its obligations could expose us to material risk. Collateralization of the value of contracts we hold with a given counterparty serves as a key component of our counterparty risk management strategy; collateral requirements are specified contractually. In addition, we have placed formal limits on the amount of exposure we are willing to accept with a given counterparty, after consideration of collateral held both in aggregate and by risk source (banking, derivatives, reinsurance); these limits vary based on the credit worthiness of the counterparty. 
 
 Non-Financial Risk 
 
 In addition to the financial risks noted above, our business inherently faces operational and regulatory risks, which can lead to financial loss, negative impacts to customers and stakeholders, and regulatory scrutiny. Examples of key non-financial risks include cyberattacks and information security breaches, failure of third parties to provide contracted services, fraud, model risk and conflicts of interest. 
 
 These non-financial risks can arise from inadequate or failed internal processes, personnel or systems including associate error, model error, system failures, and fraud, and from external events that disrupt business processes. We regularly assess and report on our key risks to the Jackson Financial Board Finance and Risk Committee and have management committees and forums in place to manage and oversee our relevant non-financial risks. Our policies, processes and controls (collectively, our internal control environment) are designed and implemented with a goal to minimize exposure to these risks and prevent material financial losses and operational events (direct or indirect) that adversely affect our ability to meet our commitments to customers. In addition, we have risk-specific response plans and processes in place to quickly identify and appropriately address control failures or other risk events when they occur. Our internal control environment, including compliance with internal policies, is regularly assessed for effectiveness, and oversight is provided by our Risk and Internal Audit teams. 

Regulation 
 
 Insurance companies are subject to extensive laws and regulations. We are subject to regulation as a result of our public company status and our ownership and operation of insurance companies, registered investment advisors and regulated broker-dealers. Further, we are subject to, or affected by, regulations regarding derivatives and advisory relationships with customers. These regulations affect, among other things, how we conduct business, our permitted investments and financial condition, marketing and investment disclosures, cybersecurity and privacy requirements, and applicable accounting standards. 
 
 These laws and regulations are complex and subject to change and are administered and enforced by different governmental authorities. These authorities include state insurance regulators, state securities administrators, the SEC, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA ), the United States Department of Labor DOL ), the United States Department of Justice ("DOJ"), and state attorneys general, each of which exercises a degree of interpretive latitude. In some cases, these laws and regulations are designed to protect or benefit the interests of a specific constituency rather than a range of constituencies. For example, state insurance laws and regulations are generally intended to protect or benefit purchasers or users of insurance products. 
 
 Jackson National Life Insurance Company is organized under the laws of the State of Michigan and is subject to regulation and supervision by the Michigan Department of Insurance and Financial Services ("DIFS"), and by insurance regulatory authorities in other U.S. states in which it is authorized to transact business. In addition, Jackson s subsidiary, Jackson National Life Insurance Company of New York, is domiciled in the State of New York and is subject to regulation and supervision by the New York State Department of Financial Services ("NYSDFS"). Jackson National Asset Management 
 14 

Part I | Item 1. Business | Regulation 

 LLC and PPM America, Inc. are each registered with the SEC as investment advisers under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended. Jackson National Life Distributors LLC, is a registered broker-dealer under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is also subject to regulation and supervision by FINRA. 
 
 State Insurance Regulation 
 
 State insurance laws establish supervisory agencies with broad administrative and supervisory powers related to granting and revoking licenses to transact business, regulating marketing and other trade practices, operating guaranty associations, licensing agents, prescribing and approving policy forms, regulating certain premium rates, regulating insurance holding company systems, establishing reserve requirements, prescribing the form and content of required financial statements and reports, performing financial and other examinations, determining the reasonableness and adequacy of statutory capital and surplus, regulating the type and amount of investments permitted, limiting the amount of dividends that can be paid and the size of transactions that can be consummated without first obtaining regulatory approval, regulating standards of business conduct and other related matters. Certain information and reports that each of Brooke Life and Jackson has filed with DIFS can be inspected during normal business hours at 530 W. Allegan Street, 7th Floor, Lansing, Michigan. 
 
 As part of their regulatory oversight process, state insurance departments conduct periodic examinations, generally once every three to five years, of the books, records, accounts and business practices of insurers domiciled in their states. Examinations are sometimes carried out in cooperation with the insurance regulators of other states under guidelines promulgated by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners NAIC"). State and federal insurance and securities regulatory authorities and other state law enforcement agencies and attorneys general also, from time to time, make inquiries and conduct examinations or investigations regarding our compliance with among other things, insurance laws and securities laws. We are currently going through the DIFS and NYSDFS examinations for the most recent three-year period. There are no pending material adverse examinations findings as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The insurance regulatory framework relating to insurance companies doing business in the U.S. has been placed under increased scrutiny by various states, the federal government and the NAIC. Various states have considered or enacted legislation that changes, and in many cases increases, the states authority to regulate insurance companies. Although the federal government does not directly regulate the insurance business, federal legislation and administrative policies in several areas, including pension regulation, age and sex discrimination, financial services regulation, securities regulation and federal taxation, can significantly affect the insurance business. Legislation has been introduced from time to time in the U.S. Congress that could result in the U.S. federal government assuming a more expansive role in the regulation of insurance companies. The NAIC has approved and recommended to the states for adoption and implementation several regulatory initiatives designed to reduce the risk of insurance company insolvencies. These initiatives include investment and reserve requirements, risk-based capital RBC standards, restrictions on an insurance company s ability to pay dividends to its shareholders, and the adoption of model laws, including the Risk Management and the Own Risk and Solvency Assessment Model Act, relating to risk management and financial exposure assessment and the Corporate Governance Annual Disclosure Model Act, relating to governance structures. 
 
 State insurance laws and regulations also include numerous provisions governing the marketplace activities of life and annuity insurers, including provisions governing the form and content of disclosure to consumers, including illustrations, advertising, sales practices and complaint handling. State regulatory authorities generally enforce these provisions through periodic market conduct examinations. Insurance regulators have given greater emphasis in recent years to the investigation of allegations of improper life insurance pricing and sales practices by life and annuity insurers, including race-based underwriting or sales practices, and misleading sales presentations by insurance agents, targeting the elderly and suitability of product for potential customers. 
 
 In December 2022, Michigan enacted an amendment to the holding company provision within its Insurance Code which adopts a Group Capital Calculation ("GCC") for use in DIFS monitoring of insurance holding companies solvency. While the GCC is not a capital requirement, the calculation is intended to provide additional analytical information for use in assessing group risks and capital adequacy, complementing DIFS current holding company analysis. The changes were required to ensure Michigan remained in compliance with accreditation standards set by the NAIC, which allows for inter-state cooperation and reduces regulatory redundancies. 
 
 15 

Part I | Item 1. Business | Regulation 

 Annuity Suitability Regulation 
 
 On February 13, 2020, the NAIC approved revisions to the Suitability in Annuity Transactions Model Regulation (the Annuity Suitability Model Regulation ). The revised model imposes a best interest standard of conduct and includes a safe harbor for fiduciary advisors who recommend annuities. Under the safe harbor, as it applies to the care elements of the Annuity Suitability Model Regulation, investment advisors offering annuities need only comply with the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Advisers Act ). Each state chooses whether to implement the Annuity Suitability Model Regulation. If they choose to do so, they will either amend their current suitability regulations or adopt the new model. In addition, in July 2018, NYSDFS issued the final version of an amended insurance regulation (Regulation 187, "Suitability and Best Interest in Life Insurance and Annuity Transactions"), which incorporates the best interest standard for the sale of annuities and expands the application of this standard beyond annuity transactions to include sales of life insurance policies to consumers. The amended regulation took effect on August 1, 2019, for annuities and became effective on February 1, 2020, for life insurance policies. 
 
 Guaranty Associations and Similar Arrangements 
 
 The jurisdictions where we are admitted to conduct insurance business have laws requiring insurance companies doing business within their jurisdictions to participate in various types of guaranty associations or other similar arrangements. These associations and arrangements provide certain levels of protection to customers from losses under insurance policies issued by insurance companies that become impaired or insolvent. Typically, these associations levy assessments up to a prescribed limit on member insurers on a basis that is related to the member insurer s proportionate share of the business in the relevant jurisdiction of all member insurers in the lines of business in which the impaired or insolvent insurer is engaged. Some jurisdictions permit member insurers to recover assessments that they paid through full or partial premium tax offsets, usually over a period of years. The aggregate assessments levied against us during the prior three years have not been material to our financial condition. 
 
 Regulation of Investments 
 
 We are subject to state laws and regulations that require diversification of our investment portfolios and limit the amount of investments in certain asset categories, such as below investment-grade fixed income securities, equity real estate, mortgages, other equity investments, foreign investments and derivatives. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations would cause investments exceeding regulatory limitations to be treated as non-admitted assets for purposes of measuring surplus and, in most instances, would require divestiture of such non-qualifying investments. We believe that our investments complied with such laws and regulations at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Surplus and Capital; RBC Requirements 
 
 The NAIC has developed RBC standards for life insurance companies as well as a model act for state legislatures to enact. The model act requires that life insurance companies report on a RBC formula standard calculated by applying factors to various asset, premium and reserve items and separate model-based calculations of risk associated primarily with interest rate and market risks. The RBC formula takes into account the risk characteristics of a company, including asset risk, insurance risk, interest rate risk, market risk and business risk. The NAIC designed the formula as an early warning tool to identify potentially inadequately capitalized companies for purposes of initiating regulatory action. 
 
 Under RBC requirements, regulatory compliance is determined by the ratio (known as the RBC ratio) of a company s total adjusted capital, as defined by the NAIC, to its company action level of RBC, also as defined by the NAIC. Four levels of regulatory attention may be triggered if the RBC ratio is insufficient: 
 Company action level If the RBC ratio is between 75 and 100 , then the insurer must submit a plan to the regulator detailing corrective action it proposes to undertake; 
 Regulatory action level If the RBC ratio is between 50 and 75 , then the insurer must submit a plan, but a regulator may also issue a corrective order requiring the insurer to comply within a specified period; 
 Authorized control level If the RBC ratio is between 35 and 50 , then the regulatory response is the same as at the Regulatory action level, but in addition, the regulator may take action to rehabilitate or liquidate the insurer; and 
 Mandatory control level If the RBC ratio is less than 35 , then the regulator must rehabilitate or liquidate the insurer. 
 16 

Part I | Item 1. Business | Regulation 

 As of December 31, 2022, Jackson's and Jackson NY s total adjusted capital and RBC minimum required levels under the NAIC s definition substantially exceeded the standards of their respective states of domicile and the NAIC. 
 
 We believe that we will be able to maintain our RBC ratios in excess of company action level through appropriate claims handling, investing and capital management. However, no assurances can be given that developments affecting us or our insurance subsidiaries, many of which could be outside of our control, will not cause our RBC ratios to fall below our targeted levels. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Legal, Tax and Regulatory Matters A decrease in the risk-based capital ("RBC") ratio (as a result of a reduction in statutory capital and surplus or increase in RBC requirements) of our insurance subsidiaries could result in increased scrutiny by insurance regulators and rating agencies, which scrutiny could lead to corrective measures and ratings declines adversely affecting our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 The NAIC has updated the risk-based capital framework to reflect more current modeling of asset risk and insurance risk. C-1 factors were updated effective at December 31, 2021. The Company's life insurance subsidiaries adopted the updated factors, with minimal impact to the RBC ratio. C-2 factors were updated effective at December 31, 2022. The Company's life insurance subsidiaries adopted the updated factors, with no change to the RBC ratio. 
 
 Statutory Financial Statements 
 
 The ability to carry on our business may also depend upon our continued registration under the applicable laws or regulations in the jurisdictions in which it does business. Each of Brooke Life and Jackson submits on a quarterly basis to DIFS, and Jackson NY submits on a quarterly basis to NYSDFS, certain reports regarding its statutory financial condition (each, a Statutory Statement and, collectively, the Statutory Statements ). Each Statutory Statement includes other supporting schedules as of the end of the period to which such Statutory Statement relates. The statutory basis financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting practices prescribed or permitted by DIFS or NYSDFS, as applicable. Statutory accounting principles differ in certain respects from U.S. GAAP; in some cases, such differences are material. 
 
 Federal Initiatives Impacting Insurance Companies 
 
 While the U.S. government does not directly regulate the insurance industry, federal initiatives can impact the insurance industry. 
 
 Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the "Dodd-Frank Act"), which was enacted in response to the financial crisis that began in 2008, and similar laws passed in jurisdictions outside the U.S., has significantly impacted the regulation of over-the-counter derivatives. In the U.S., the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the CFTC and the SEC regulate swaps and other derivatives. The CFTC has primary jurisdiction over swaps, which constitute the vast majority of the market, and the SEC has primary jurisdiction over security-based swaps. 
 
 Many requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act and similar regulations globally make it more costly to use derivatives and hedge investment exposures and may affect returns to us. These regulations may impede our ability to utilize derivatives. Another factor that has driven up the cost of trading in both over-the-counter and exchange traded derivatives is the increased capital charges imposed on financial intermediaries, such as futures commission merchants and banks. As a result of these regulations, we expect costs to continue to rise, which could adversely impact our ability to implement our desired hedging strategies. 
 
 Since enactment of the Dodd-Frank Act, the CFTC has adopted significant regulations that change the way swaps are traded in the U.S. In addition to imposing registration requirements on swap dealers and large market participants, known as major swap participants, the CFTC regulations have subjected a significant portion of the interest rate swap market and some of the credit default swap index market to mandatory exchange or swap execution facility trading and central clearing requirements. The CFTC regulations have also imposed new regulatory requirements on swap transactions, including trade reporting and recordkeeping requirements, know-your-customer and other sales practices requirements, and documentation requirements that apply to swap transactions entered into with swap dealers and major swap participants. 
 
 Regulators around the world, including U.S. banking regulators and the CFTC, have implemented margin requirements for uncleared derivatives generally in accordance with the recommendations of the Basel Committee on Bank Supervision and International Organization of Securities Commissions. The variation margin requirements require us to exchange variation 
 17 

Part I | Item 1. Business | Regulation 

 margin (comprised of specified liquid instruments and subject to required haircuts) when entering into uncleared swaps and security-based swaps with regulated entities. The initial margin requirements are being phased-in and may also ultimately require us to post initial margin when entering into such derivatives. We completed the required legal documentation and changes to our operational processes in 2021 to accommodate the exchange of initial margin with U.S. and European Union swap dealers, when necessary. 
 
 Also, banking regulators across the globe adopted rules that apply to certain qualified financial contracts, including many derivatives contracts, securities lending agreements and repurchase agreements, with certain banking institutions and certain of their affiliates. These rules generally require the banking institutions and their applicable affiliates to include contractual provisions in their qualified financial contracts that limit or delay certain rights of their counterparties including counterparties default rights (such as the right to terminate the contracts or foreclose on collateral) and restrictions on assignments and transfers of credit enhancements (such as guarantees) arising in connection with the banking institution or an applicable affiliate becoming subject to a bankruptcy, insolvency, resolution or similar proceeding. Our qualified financial contracts are subject to these rules. To ensure our counterparties compliance with these new rules, we amended our existing qualified financial contracts with the relevant banking institutions and their affiliates by adhering to the various International Swaps and Derivatives Association ("ISDA") Resolution Stay Protocols. 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Act created the Financial Stability Oversight Council (the FSOC ). The FSOC has the ability to designate certain insurance companies and insurance holding companies that pose a systemic risk to the financial stability of the U.S., in which case such companies would become subject to heightened prudential regulation by the Board of Governors of the United States Federal Reserve (the Federal Reserve Board ). The Federal Reserve Board may limit such company s ability to enter into merger transactions, restrict its ability to offer financial products, require it to terminate one or more activities, or impose conditions on how it conducts activities. On December 4, 2019, the FSOC issued final guidance regarding the designation of non-bank financial companies as systemically important. The guidance provides that the FSOC will move from an entity-based designation approach towards an activities-based approach. This approach eliminates the prior quantitative thresholds for designation as a systemically important entity in lieu of pursuing designations only if potential risks or threats cannot be addressed through an activities-based approach through the entities primary regulator and the potential risk is one that could be addressed through such designation process. However, it is possible that the current administration could withdraw the 2019 guidance and take a different approach towards non-bank financial companies. 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Act also authorizes the Federal Insurance Office ("FIO") to assist the Secretary of the Treasury Department in negotiating covered agreements. A covered agreement is an agreement between the U.S. and one or more foreign governments, authorities or regulatory entities, regarding prudential measures with respect to insurance or reinsurance. The FIO is further charged with determining, in accordance with the procedures and standards established under the Dodd-Frank Act, whether state laws are preempted by a covered agreement. Pursuant to this authority, in September 2017, the U.S. and the European Union signed a covered agreement (the EU Covered Agreement to address, among other things, reinsurance collateral requirements. In addition, on December 18, 2018, the Treasury Department and the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative signed a Bilateral Agreement between the U.S. and the United Kingdom on Prudential Measures Regarding Insurance and Reinsurance in anticipation of the United Kingdom s potential exit from the European Union (the UK Covered Agreement and, together with the EU Covered Agreement, the Covered Agreements ). U.S. state regulators have five years from the dates the Covered Agreements were signed to adopt reinsurance reforms removing reinsurance collateral requirements for EU and UK reinsurers that meet the prescribed minimum conditions set forth in the applicable Covered Agreement or else state laws imposing such reinsurance collateral requirements may be subject to federal preemption. On June 25, 2019, the NAIC adopted amendments to the Credit for Reinsurance Model Law and Model Regulation to conform to the requirements of the Covered Agreements. As of November 2022, 54 jurisdictions have adopted the 2019 revisions to the Credit for Reinsurance Model Law and 49 jurisdictions have adopted revisions to the Credit for Insurance Model Regulation. 
 
 On June 5, 2019, the SEC adopted a package of investment advice reforms designed to enhance investor protections while preserving retail investor access and choice. The most significant element of the package is a rule (known as Regulation Best Interest establishing a best interest standard of conduct for broker-dealers and their representatives when they make recommendations to retail investors. Regulation Best Interest became effective on June 30, 2020. Regulation Best Interest enhances the duties and disclosure requirements that apply to our broker-dealer and investment adviser subsidiaries when they provide recommendations and investment advice to retail investors, as well as our representatives that provide such services. The reforms increase the regulatory burden on broker-dealers selling our products, but also provide a more 
 18 

Part I | Item 1. Business | Regulation 

 consistent regulatory standard that could provide benefits to the overall insurance and investment market. Also, FINRA adopted rules to align to Regulation Best Interest and is enforcing both the SEC regulations and its own rules relating to recommendations of investments to retail consumers. 
 
 The Department of Labor s final prohibited transaction exemption on Improving Investment Advice for Workers and Retirees, PTE 2020-02 (the Fiduciary Advice Rule became effective February 16, 2021. The Fiduciary Advice Rule reinstates the text of the DOL s 1975 investment advice regulation defining what constitutes fiduciary investment advice to Employee Retirement Income Security Act ("ERISA") Plans and Individual Retirement Accounts ("IRAs") and provides guidance interpreting such regulation. The guidance provided by the DOL broadens the circumstances under which financial institutions, including insurance companies, could be considered fiduciaries under ERISA or the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the " Code"). In particular, the DOL states that a recommendation to roll over assets from a qualified retirement plan to an IRA, or from an IRA to another IRA, can be considered fiduciary investment advice if provided by someone with an existing relationship with the ERISA Plan or an IRA owner (or in anticipation of establishing such a relationship). This guidance reverses an earlier DOL interpretation suggesting that roll over advice did not constitute investment advice giving rise to a fiduciary relationship. 
 
 In connection with the Fiduciary Advice Rule, the DOL also issued a proposed exemption that would allow fiduciaries to receive compensation in connection with providing investment advice, including advice about roll overs, which would otherwise be prohibited as a result of their fiduciary relationship to the ERISA Plan or IRA. To be eligible for the exemption, among other conditions, the investment advice fiduciary would be required to acknowledge its fiduciary status, refrain from putting its own interests ahead of the plan beneficiaries interests or making material misleading statements, act in accordance with ERISA s prudent person standard of care and receive no more than reasonable compensation for the advice. 
 
 Because our direct distribution of retail products is very limited, we believe that we will have limited direct exposure to the new Fiduciary Advice Rule. However, we continue to analyze and monitor the impact of the Fiduciary Advice Rule, and, while we cannot predict the rule s impact, it could have an adverse effect on sales of annuities through our independent distribution partners, as a significant portion of our annuity sales are purchased within an IRA. The Fiduciary Advice Rule may also lead to changes to our compensation practices and product offerings and increased litigation risk, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We may also need to take certain additional actions to comply with, or assist our distributors in their compliance with, the Fiduciary Advice Rule. In addition, many industry and regulatory observers believe that the DOL will issue revised guidance or provisions within the scope of the Fiduciary Advice Rule in 2023 that could have an impact on sales of annuity and insurance products. 
 
 The USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 includes anti-money laundering and financial transparency laws as well as various regulations applicable to broker-dealers and other financial services companies, including insurance companies. Financial institutions are required to collect information regarding the identity of their customers, watch for and report suspicious transactions, respond to requests for information by regulatory authorities and law enforcement agencies and share information with other financial institutions. As a result, we are required to maintain certain internal compliance practices, procedures and controls. 
 
 Alternative Reference Rates 
 
 After the 2008 global financial crisis, regulators globally determined that existing interest rate benchmarks should be reformed based on concerns that the London Inter-bank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") and other benchmark rates were susceptible to manipulation. Replacement rates that have been identified include the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), which is intended to replace U.S. dollar LIBOR and measures the cost of overnight borrowings through repurchase agreement transactions collateralized with U.S. Treasury securities. After December 31, 2021, the interest rate derivatives market transitioned to SOFR with sufficient liquidity for Jackson to execute new trades. Additionally, legacy LIBOR interest rate swaps would automatically switch to SOFR after June 30, 2023, as Jackson has adhered to the ISDA IBOR Fallback Protocol. Given that the LIBOR transition does not impede the variable annuity hedging program, it is no longer considered a material risk for Jackson. 
 
 Cybersecurity Regulations 
 
 Cybersecurity is subject to increased scrutiny by insurance regulators. The NYSDFS adopted 23 NYCRR 500 (the NYSDFS Cybersecurity Regulation ), which requires covered businesses in New York to have a comprehensive 
 19 

Part I | Item 1. Business | Regulation 

 cybersecurity program that aligns to the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework and requires adequate risk assessments, enhanced third-party vendor management, development of an incident response plan and data breach notifications within 72 hours. The NYSDFS has pursued enforcement actions and penalties for violations demonstrating the significant risk of noncompliance. Also, on November 9, 2022, NYSDFS sought comment on proposed amendments to the Cybersecurity Regulation that include additional requirements. 
 
 The NAIC has adopted the Insurance Data Security Model Law, which established the standards for data security, investigation, and notification of a breach of data security for insurance companies. As of February 2022, twenty-one states (including Michigan, effective January 1, 2021) had adopted the model law. Importantly, the drafters of the Cybersecurity Model Law intend that a licensee s compliance with New York s cybersecurity regulation will constitute compliance with the Cybersecurity Model Law. We have taken the necessary steps to comply with this regulation. 
 
 The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (the CCPA grants all California residents the right to know what information a business has collected from them and the sourcing and sharing of that information, as well as a right to have a business delete their personal information (with some exceptions). The CCPA s definition of personal information is more expansive than those found in other privacy laws applicable to us in the U.S. Failure to comply with the CCPA could result in regulatory fines, and the law grants a private right of action for any unauthorized disclosure of personal information as a result of failure to maintain reasonable security procedures. Additionally, on November 3, 2020, California voters passed a ballot initiative, the California Privacy Rights Act (the CPRA ), that adjusts and, in some respects, expands consumer rights and business obligations created by the CCPA. The CPRA, effective January 1, 2023, imposes additional obligations on companies that collect California residents personal information, including providing a right to correct personal information, additional protections for certain uses of sensitive personal information, and certain limitations on data use and data sharing that does not involve a sale. The CPRA also creates a new California Privacy Protection Agency, which will be charged with enforcing both the CCPA and the CPRA. 
 
 Federal law and regulation require financial institutions to protect the security and confidentiality of customer information, notify customers about their policies and practices relating to their collection, disclosure and securing the confidentiality of customer information. Federal and state laws also regulate disclosures of customer information. In March 2022, Congress enacted a 72-hour cyber reporting provision within a larger legislative package. In addition to this provision, Congress and state legislatures are expected to consider additional regulation relating to privacy and other aspects of customer information. 
 
 On October 21, 2019, the NAIC formed a Privacy Protections (H) Working Group to review state insurance privacy protections regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information gathered in connection with insurance transactions. At the 2022 NAIC National Meeting, this working group proposed replacing the Insurance Information and Privacy Protection Model Act (#670) and the Privacy of Consumer Financial Health and Information Regulation (#672) with a new model law (to be numbered #674). The Working Group issued a reference document to this effect and expects to propose a draft of the new model law for a 60-day comment period. Privacy protection is also gaining attention in state legislatures nationwide. There are now five states with laws generally applicable to data privacy (California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia). With the exception of California, these laws do not apply to Jackson National Life and other financial institutions subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. In addition, in Michigan a pending data privacy bill that has the same exclusion for financial institutions has been referred out of committee. At the federal level, the American Data Privacy and Protection Act (the ADPPA waits for a full vote of the U.S. House of Representatives. If passed by Congress, the ADPPA would preempt most state privacy regulation and create a private right of action for violations of the ADPPA or a regulation promulgated thereunder, which would be available two years after the ADPPA effective date. While the final direction of these proposed statutes and regulations is not clear, they could result in additional requirements for Jackson Financial or its subsidiaries. 
 
 The SEC continues to focus on cybersecurity. In 2022, the SEC proposed cyber regulations impacting public companies, investment advisers and investment companies. These proposed regulations increase disclosure obligations relating to cyber events and also impact how entities manage and govern cyber risks. In addition, the SEC published guidance on the topic, recommending periodic assessments of information, how it is stored and how vulnerable it is, and strategies to prevent, detect and respond to cyber threats, including access controls, governance and risk assessments, training, data encryption, restrictions on removable storage media, robust backup procedures, incident response plans and routine testing. Further, investment advisers and fund complexes must also focus on their growing network of third-party service providers. In January 2020, the SEC s Division of Examinations (the Division of Examinations issued examination observations 
 20 

Part I | Item 1. Business | Regulation 

 related to cybersecurity and operational resiliency practices. The observations highlight certain approaches taken by market participants in the areas of governance and risk management, access rights and controls, data loss prevention, mobile security, incident response and resiliency, vendor management, and training and awareness. In July 2020, the Division of Examinations issued a Risk Alert noting the increasing sophistication of ransomware attacks on SEC registrants and service providers to SEC registrants. The Risk Alert provides market participants ways to enhance cybersecurity preparedness and operational resiliency. 
 
 Holding Company Regulation 
 
 We are subject to regulation under the insurance holding company laws of various jurisdictions. The insurance holding company laws and regulations vary by jurisdiction, but generally require each controlled insurance company to register with state regulatory authorities and file reports that provide information, including capital structure, ownership, financial condition, certain intercompany transactions and general business operations. 
 
 Insurance holding company regulations generally provide that no person, corporation or other entity may acquire control of an insurance company, or a controlling interest in any parent company of an insurance company, without the prior approval of such insurance company s domiciliary state insurance regulator. Under the laws of each domiciliary state of our insurance subsidiaries, any person acquiring, directly or indirectly, 10 or more of the voting securities of an insurance company is presumed to have acquired control of the company. This statutory presumption of control may be rebutted by a showing that control does not, in fact, exist. The state insurance regulators, however, may find that control exists in circumstances in which a person owns or controls less than 10 of voting securities. 
 
 The laws and regulations regarding acquisition or control transactions may discourage potential acquisition proposals and may delay, deter or prevent a change of control involving us, including through unsolicited transactions that some of our shareholders might consider desirable. 
 
 As a holding company with no significant business operations of our own, we depend on dividends from our subsidiaries to meet our obligations. State insurance statutes also typically place restrictions and limitations on the amount of dividends or other distributions payable by insurance company subsidiaries to their parent companies, as well as on transactions between an insurer and its affiliates. Dividends in excess of prescribed limits and transactions above a specified size between an insurer and its affiliates require the approval of the insurance regulator in the insurer s state of domicile. For example, under the Michigan Insurance Code, DIFS must approve insurance companies' requests to pay a dividend or distribution out of earned surplus. The insurance statutes of New York permit payment of ordinary dividends without regulatory approval if they meet one of two standards. One standard allows a domestic stock life insurer to pay an ordinary dividend out of earned surplus. The second standard allows an insurer to pay an ordinary dividend out of other than earned surplus if such insurer does not have sufficient positive earned surplus to pay an ordinary dividend. However, dividends in excess of prescribed limits, based on prior year s earnings and surplus of the insurance company, are considered extraordinary transactions and require explicit approval from the applicable regulator. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Financing and Liquidity -- As a holding company, Jackson Financial depends on the ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends and make other distributions to meet its obligations and liquidity needs, including servicing debt, dividend payments and stock repurchases." 
 
 Broker-Dealer, Investment Adviser, Mutual Fund and Securities Regulation 
 
 We and certain policies and contracts offered by us are subject to regulation under the federal and state securities laws and regulations. Regulators administering these laws and regulations may conduct examinations of our operations and make requests for information. The primary intent of these laws and regulations is to protect investors in the securities markets and generally grant supervisory agencies broad administrative powers, including the power to limit or restrict the conduct of business for failure to comply. 
 
 JNLD is registered as a broker-dealer with the SEC, pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is registered as a broker-dealer in all applicable states. JNLD is also a member of, and subject to regulation by, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"), a self-regulatory organization subject to SEC oversight. The SEC and FINRA also regulate the sales practices of broker-dealers. In recent years, both SEC and FINRA have intensified their scrutiny of sales practices relating to variable annuities and variable life insurance. In addition, broker-dealers are also subject to regulation by state securities administrators in those states in which they conduct business, who may also conduct examinations and direct inquiries to broker-dealers. 
 
 21 

Part I | Item 1. Business | Regulation 

 Jackson National Asset Management LLC ("JNAM") is registered with the SEC as an investment adviser pursuant to the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the "Investment Advisers Act"). The investment companies (mutual funds) for which JNAM serves as an investment adviser are subject to SEC registration and regulation pursuant to the Securities Act, and the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). The mutual funds advised by JNAM comprise the investment options within the variable products offered by Jackson National Life. In addition, each variable annuity and variable life product is subject to SEC registration and regulation. 
 
 PPM is registered with the SEC as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act. PPM serves as the investment adviser to Jackson National Life and as the primary U.S. institutional investment adviser for certain other affiliated insurance company accounts. PPM also acts as a sub-adviser to certain U.S. mutual funds for which JNAM serves as investment adviser. In addition, PPM serves as an investment adviser and sub-adviser to Prudential's Asian affiliates and other unaffiliated institutional clients primarily for U.S. focused portfolios. PPM has established a distribution function to further extend its investment advisory capabilities to the institutional marketplace with separate account and institutional product offerings. The U.S. mutual funds for which PPM serves as adviser and sub-adviser are subject to U.S. federal regulation, and similar vehicles organized outside of the U.S. are also subject to regulation under applicable local law. 
 
 The business of our investment adviser subsidiaries will be impacted by SEC regulatory initiatives with respect to the investment management business. In addition to rules discussed elsewhere, the SEC has adopted rules that include (i) new monthly and annual reporting requirements for certain U.S. registered funds; (ii) enhanced reporting regimes for investment advisers; (iii) implementing liquidity risk management programs for exchange-traded funds ETFs and open-end funds, other than money market funds; (iv) reforms relating to money market funds that require institutional and prime money market funds to use a floating net asset value ("NAV"), and permit money market funds to impose liquidity fees and redemption gates; (v) significant amendments to rules regarding advertisements by investment advisers; and (vi) significant changes to the regulations applicable to the use of derivatives by U.S. registered funds. As noted above, the SEC has also recently proposed comprehensive reforms to improve cybersecurity risk management for registered investment advisers and registered funds. These rules increased the reporting and disclosure requirements for our investment adviser subsidiaries. These increased regulatory and compliance burdens could be costly and may impede the growth of our investment adviser subsidiaries. 
 
 The SEC, beginning in late 2020, instituted a comprehensive regulatory agenda focusing on Environmental, Social, and Governance ("ESG") issues. As part of this agenda, in March 2022, the SEC proposed a series of regulations requiring additional disclosures concerning climate change for public companies. The regulations include extensive disclosures concerning the estimated impact of climate change on businesses and how companies manage and govern climate change risk. In addition, the SEC announced a number of actions, including forming an enforcement task force designed to harmonize the efforts of the SEC s divisions and offices, consider potential comprehensive changes to ESG disclosure guidance, announce ESG as an examination priority, address shareholder rights, create accountability in statements and conduct, and solicit comments to potential changes to the names rule under the Investment Company Act to reflect the effect of ESG factors on a fund s investment objectives and performance. The Division of Examinations subsequently issued a risk alert highlighting ESG deficiencies, internal control weaknesses and effective practices identified during recent examinations of investment advisers, registered investment companies and private funds. The SEC's regulatory asset management agenda, including items that have been implemented within the last year and those that are under consideration, may impact the growth of our investment advisory business due to the increased regulatory and compliance burdens. 
 
 JNAM is registered as a commodity pool operator with the National Futures Association NFA pursuant to Commodity Futures Trade Commission CFTC regulations and acts as a commodity pool operator with respect to the operation of certain of the mutual funds. The CFTC is a federal agency that is responsible for, among other things, the regulation of commodity interests and enforcement of the Commodity Exchange Act of 1974. The NFA is a self-regulatory organization to which the CFTC has delegated, among other things, the administration and enforcement of commodity regulatory registration requirements and the regulation of its members. JNAM and the mutual funds have incurred additional regulatory compliance and reporting expenses as a result, which could reduce investment returns or harm the mutual fund s ability to implement its investment strategy. 
 
 Governmental regulatory authorities may institute administrative or judicial proceedings that may result in censure, fines, the issuance of cease-and-desist orders, trading prohibitions, the suspension or expulsion of a broker-dealer or member, its officers, registered representatives or employees or other similar sanctions. 
 22 

Part I | Item 1. Business | Environmental, Social and Governance 

Environmental, Social and Governance 
 
 Jackson takes a balanced, long-term approach to serving all its stakeholders, including customers, advisors, shareholders, distribution partners, associates, the communities where we work, and our regulators. Our Environmental, Social and Governance ("ESG") commitments are described below and with more detail in our annual ESG Report. The Company s annual ESG Report is not incorporated by reference in, and does not form a part of, this Form 10-K or any other of our SEC filings. 
 
 Environmental 
 
 We are committed to reducing our climate impact and doing our part to help create a more environmentally sustainable future for us all. To that end, we are taking thoughtful steps to reduce our carbon footprint, consume energy more efficiently, and use natural resources in innovative and impactful ways that result in reduced greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions. In its first year, the on-site solar farm at our home office in Lansing, Michigan, is generating renewable energy and reducing our need for traditional power generation. 
 
 Social 
 
 We demonstrate our commitment to corporate social responsibility with charitable donations that (i) generate impact in the communities we serve, (ii) engage associates in a culture of philanthropy, and (iii) grow awareness for our commitment to being a good corporate neighbor. We believe our community partnerships create shared value for Jackson, our associates and the communities in which we operate. We have a passionate and committed workforce that engages with the community and is generous with their time and resources. Jackson encourages community engagement by providing associates with paid time off for volunteering, nonprofit board training and placement, and matching gifts programs for employee charitable contributions and volunteer hours. We remain committed to empowering people and communities and continue to invest in building relationships that serve the greater good. 
 
 Governance 
 
 We are committed to governance policies and practices that serve the interest of the Company and its stakeholders, starting with independent membership on all Committees of the Company Board of Directors. Our Board seeks directors with a broad range of professional experience, skills, and perspectives who support our commitment to diversity of thought, experience, and background. It also seeks those who contribute to its gender and racial or ethnic diversity. Our Board currently has a 33 gender diversity, and 22 racial and ethnic diversity composition. Our Company has an ownership culture that focuses on providing exceptional value to advisors, policyholders, and shareholders. Jackson also has a risk management framework embedded across the Company, supporting the effectiveness of risk management and the control environment including oversight of ESG risks. We believe our long-term focus produces sustainable, competitive returns for our shareholders. In furtherance of our commitment to investing responsibly, our internal portfolio management team at PPM considers the environmental, social and governance factors of the underlying enterprises in which they invest for the general account. Also, PPM has been a signatory to the United Nations supported Principles for Responsible Investment since 2018. Our internal asset management team at JNAM oversees external managers on our variable annuity platform, performing a robust due diligence process that includes analysis of ESG philosophy and processes. 

Human Capital Resources 
 
 Our strength lies in the people we employ and values-based culture we foster. We offer significant career opportunities, competitive merit-based compensation, inclusive practices, world-class facilities, and the ability to work for a purpose-driven organization. Our Company's four corporate values Empower, Respect, Execute and Create guide our associate practices and decisions. 
 
 We had approximately 3,895 associates as of December 31, 2022, comprised of approximately 2,975 full-time associates and approximately 920 part-time associates, inclusive of our Strategic Support Program associates (a flexible, cost-efficient, part-time workforce provides just-in-time scale). Each of our associates play an important role in delivering on our brand promise of clarity for a more confident future. That s why we make it our priority to offer opportunities for personal growth, talent development, and rewarding career paths for all Jackson team members. We believe our collaborative culture is one of our greatest strengths and is a significant factor in our ability to continue to be an industry leader. 
 
 23 

Part I | Item 1. Business | Human Capital Resources 

 Talent Development, Diversity and Inclusion 
 
 We have an established history of developing talent from within. Our senior management team has an average tenure at Jackson of over 20 years. We also recruit talent from outside the organization, as we seek to cultivate an inclusive workplace where different ideas and opinions are heard and respected and where people of different backgrounds can come together to accomplish great things as a team. Through learning and development programs, succession and talent management processes, and competitive rewards and recognition, our diverse and high-performing associates are empowered to innovate and challenge one another to be their best selves. In 2022, 96.4 or over 3,750 of our associates have completed diversity and inclusion training. 
 
 In 2022, Jackson continued its mentoring program to support the long-term career growth of associates, with particular focus on development opportunities for diverse associates and emerging leaders. The program began in 2021 and in its second year is still seeing strong participation including: 
 
 More than 245 mentor pairings; 
 More than 2,000 hours of mentoring reported by participants; and 
 4.5 out of 5 rating in overall program and relationship satisfaction. 
 
 Our strategic approach to Diversity and Inclusion focuses on ways to attract and retain highly talented people and cultivates an environment where our associates are encouraged to bring our best selves to work every day. Our Diversity and Inclusion Advisory Council (the "Advisory Council") was established in 2018 to identify opportunities for advancing our diverse and inclusive work environment. The Advisory Council developed a framework and strategy, which includes ensuring an inclusive workplace, developing a diverse talent pool, leveraging diversity and inclusion in the marketplace and reporting our progress. 
 
 We recognize the diversity of our associates backgrounds and cultures through our voluntary, employee-led Business Resource Associate Groups BRAGs ). Supported by executive leadership and aligned with our mission and core values, our nine BRAGs provide opportunities to empower all associates to share their unique and diverse talents with each other. 

We have acted in several ways to improve inclusion in our recruiting process, including how we approach job postings, develop position requirements, conduct interviews, and evaluate candidates. We also value our strong partnerships with the many organizations that help us diversify and strengthen our talent pool. Through these partnerships, we are building our recruiting pipeline and are developing stronger leaders who support innovative thought and promote an inclusive and an equitable culture. These organizations include: 
 
 24 

Part I | Item 1. Business | Human Capital Resources 

 The Association for Wholesaling Diversity and International Association of Black Actuaries : creating opportunities to build, attract and recruit Black talent to Jackson 
 The Coalition for Equity in Wholesaling: to increase hiring, retention, and career advancement of a wholesaler workforce that better reflects America by sharing knowledge and building relationships 
 Urban League of Middle Tennessee and 9 Paths : leadership and cultural development for executives and high-potential black associates in a 12-month program called Equity in Action 
 Disability:IN : assessments and education that help us better understand the needs of individual with disabilities within our workforce 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, within Jackson s workforce, approximately 46.9 of our associates were women and approximately 18.8 of our associates were racially and ethnically diverse. Additionally, four of the seven-member senior management team are women, including our CEO and CFO. 
 
 Benefits and Rewards 
 
 We recognize the contributions our associates make to our future and their futures by offering competitive salaries, wages, and benefits. Our comprehensive benefits package includes medical, dental, vision, and paid time off along with more innovative benefits including employee and dependent tuition reimbursement programs, paid parental leave, adoption assistance, paid time off to volunteer, and employee charitable gift matching. Our associates are compensated based on their job performance. This performance-driven structure aligns performance incentives with our business productivity strategy, serving to both encourage our associates and satisfy our other key stakeholders. To ensure fair pay, we work actively with a third-party consultant to conduct pay equity studies related to race, ethnicity, and gender. We also have rigorous governance processes in place to ensure that we promote equitable pay practices, reinforce strong risk management, and maintain independent oversight of our executive compensation. 
 
 Associate Health and Well-Being 
 
 We believe it is important to support our associates and are committed to providing a safe and healthy workplace. Our "Living Life Well" program helps ensure that Jackson associates are provided supportive health, safety and financial wellness resources both at work and at home. These efforts cultivate a supportive and well-balanced corporate culture and help define the future of our success. 
 
 The health and safety of our associates is a top priority. Our ergonomics program supports associate wellness by promoting evidence-based ergonomic principles for associates working remotely or at our offices. At the office, associates also have access to a complete training system and highly qualified team of experts to help associates achieve their personal fitness, nutritional and lifestyle goals. We currently operate 21 Occupational, Safety and Health Administration ("OSHA") related programs, in addition to our standard air and water quality programs, in a comprehensive corporate health and safety effort to meet OSHA and American National Standards Institute ("ANSI") Z10-02019 standards. 
 
 We offer programs that support the mental health of associates, including confidential support for more serious issues involving emotional stress and well-being. Our Employee Assistance Program, "Life Balance," offers online tools, as well as master's-level professionals available for confidential support around the clock. The financial health of our associates is an equally important part of their well-being. We offer programs and educational tools to support their long-term financial wellness. These efforts help our associates build a more confident future for themselves, as well as for the long-term success of our Company and for our shareholders. 

Intellectual Property 
 
 We rely on a combination of copyright, trademark, service mark, and internet domain laws to establish and protect our intellectual property rights. We maintain a portfolio of trademarks, service marks, and internet domain names that we consider important to the marketing of our products and business, and that are registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. These trademarks and service marks include those entity and product names that appear in this Form 10-K and our logo, as well as names of other products, advisor platforms, optional benefit annuity riders and marketing-related taglines. 
 
 25 

Part I | Item 1. Business | Available Information 

 Available Information 
 
 We make available free of charge, through our website, investors.jackson.com, our Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, our proxy statements, and any amendments to those reports or statements as soon as reasonably practicable after these materials are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). We use our website, investors.jackson.com, as a routine channel for distribution of important information, including news releases, analyst presentations, financial information, and corporate governance information. The content of Jackson s website, jackson.com, is not incorporated by reference into this Report or in any other report or document filed with the SEC, and any references to Jackson s website are intended to be inactive textual references only. The SEC s website, www.sec.gov, contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 
 
 26 

Part I | Item 1. Business | Information about our Executive Officers 

Information about our Executive Officers 
 
 Below are the executive officers of Jackson Financial Inc. as of December 31, 2022. The executive officers serve until the next annual appointment of executive officers, or until earlier resignation or removal. 
 
 Name 
 Age 
 Positions and Offices Held and Principal Occupation 
 
 Carrie L. Chelko 
 49 Executive Vice President and General Counsel of Jackson Financial Inc., a position held since September 2021. As Executive Vice President and General Counsel, Ms. Chelko oversees Legal, Compliance, Enterprise Communications , and Shared Services Operations . From September 13, 2021 until August 2022, Ms. Chelko also served as Corporate Secretary of Jackson Financial Inc. From August 30, 2021 until September 13, 2021, Ms. Chelko was Executive Vice President of Jackson Financial Inc. Prior to joining Jackson, from April 2020 through August 2021, Ms. Chelko was Senior Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer of Fidelity Investments, Personal Investing. Prior to Fidelity, from May 2013 through March 2020, Ms. Chelko served as the Senior Vice President and Chief Counsel at Lincoln Financial Group. 
 Don W. Cummings 
 59 Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller of Jackson Financial Inc., a position assumed in December 2020. Prior to coming to Jackson, Mr. Cummings served as interim Chief Financial Officer at Fortitude Reinsurance Company Ltd. since 2019 and previously held various finance roles at American International Group, Inc., including Global Corporate Controller. Mr. Cummings is a Certified Public Accountant. 
 
 Devkumar D. Ganguly 
 47 Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer of Jackson Financial Inc., a position assumed in February 2021. Mr. Ganguly has served in various leadership roles with Jackson National Life Insurance Company including Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer from July 2018 to February 2021. Prior to becoming Chief Information Officer, Mr. Ganguly was a Vice President at Jackson from October 2013 to July 2018. 
 
 Bradley O. Harris 
 53 Executive Vice President, Chief Risk Officer of Jackson Financial Inc., a position assumed in July 2020. Mr. Harris served as the Chief Risk Officer for Jackson National Life Insurance Company since December 2015. Previously, Mr. Harris served as the Chief Actuary and Chief Product Officer for Prudential Corporation Asia from February 2007 through November 2015. 
 
 P. Chad Myers 
 56 Vice Chair, Jackson Holdings LLC, a position assumed in February 2020. Prior to his appointment as Vice Chair, Mr. Myers served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Jackson National Life Insurance Company from February 2011 through February 2020. As Vice Chair of Jackson Holdings, Mr. Myers oversaw Investor Relations and Government Relations and was responsible for the asset management and institutional product teams, including Jackson National Asset Management LLC and PPM America, Inc. Mr. Myers holds a Chartered Financial Analyst designation. 

27 

Part I | Item 1. Business | Information about our Executive Officers 

 Laura L. Prieskorn 
 54 Chief Executive Officer and President of Jackson Financial Inc., a position assumed in February 2021. Ms. Prieskorn is also a member of Jackson Financial Inc.'s Board of Directors. Ms. Prieskorn has been with Jackson National Life Insurance Company for more than 30 years, serving in roles of increasing responsibilities. Ms. Prieskorn's prior management positions include Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer from March 2020 through February 2021, and Senior Vice President, Operations from December 2009 through March 2020. Scott E. Romine 
 57 Executive Vice President of Jackson National Life Insurance Company, a position assumed in September 2022. Mr. Romine continues to serve as President and Chief Executive Officer of Jackson National Life Distributors LLC, a role assumed in December 2021. Prior to serving in this role, Mr. Romine served as the President of Advisory Solutions for JNLD from February 2018 to December 2021. From August 2016 to February 2018, Mr. Romine held various leadership positions with National Planning Holdings Inc., Jackson's former independent broker dealer network. 
 
 Craig D. Smith 
 55 Executive Vice President of Jackson National Life Insurance Company, a position assumed in September 2022. Mr. Smith continues to serve as President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Investment Officer of PPM America, Inc., a role assumed in January 2021. Prior to this role, Mr. Smith served as Chief Investment Officer, since 2018. From 2015 to 2018, he served as co-Chief Investment Officer. Mr. Smith is a designated Charter Financial Analyst. 
 
 Marcia Wadsten 
 56 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Jackson Financial Inc., a position assumed in February 2021. Ms. Wadsten has been with Jackson National Life Insurance Company for more than 30 years. Prior to her appointment as Chief Financial Officer, Ms. Wadsten served as Senior Vice President, Chief Actuary from June 2016 through February 2021. 

Mr. Myers ceased to be an executive officer as of December 31, 2022, and transitioned to employment as a Senior Advisor on January 1, 2023. 
 28 

Part I | Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Risk Factor Summary 
 
 The following is a summary of the material risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. You should read this summary together with the more detailed description of each risk factor below. 
 
 Risks Related to Conditions in the Global Capital Markets and the Economy 
 
 Developments in the global capital markets and the economy can, and do, affect our business. We face risks from volatility in equity markets, interest rates and credit spreads, which can affect both asset and liability valuations, hedge program performance and fee revenues, as well as risks from deterioration of the credit quality of issuers and borrowers; and risks associated with global climate change. 
 
 Risks Related to Financing and Liquidity 
 
 As a holding company, we face liquidity risks associated with the ability of our subsidiaries to distribute cash to us, which depends upon the performance of their businesses and their ability to meet regulatory standards and receive regulatory approvals. We also face financing risks associated with our access to the capital markets. Our subsidiaries face liquidity and financing risks associated with their access to the capital markets, the impact of credit and financial strength ratings, a large concentration of funding from a single source, and the illiquid nature of some of their investments. 
 
 Risks Related to Legal, Tax and Regulatory Matters 
 
 We face risks associated with the heavily regulated nature of our subsidiaries businesses and operations, the effect of changes in regulations, the impact of tax laws upon our products and tax payments, the effect of changes in accounting standards, and legal and regulatory audits and investigations. 
 
 Risks Related to the Products We Offer and Distribution 
 
 Our subsidiaries products are complex and require us to make assumptions on customer behavior and manage risk through the use of financial derivatives. We face risk related to potential future updates to our assumptions and the effectiveness of our risk management programs. We also face risk in the marketing and distribution of our products due to competitive pressures and our ability to accurately describe and administer our products features. 
 
 Risks Related to Models, Estimates, Assumptions and Valuations 
 
 We face risk related to our reliance upon complex models to predict behavior, value our assets and liabilities, and quantify risk; the assumptions used to populate our models may not reflect what is realized over time, which may impact our financial performance. We also face risk in the determination of allowances and impairments with respect to the value of our investments. 
 
 Risks Related to Counterparty Performance and Reinsurance 
 
 We face credit risk from our transactions with counterparties relating to derivatives, reinsurance, and other transactions. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Information Technology and Other Operational Matters 
 
 Our business depends on performance of information technology systems and management and protection of data. We face risks from interruptions of those systems, unauthorized access or intrusions to those systems, and breach of protection of confidential business and personal data. We also face risks associated with the actions or inactions of our associates. 
 
 29 

Part I | Item 1A. Risk Factors 

 General Risk Factors 
 
 We face risk from external events including natural or man-made disasters, our ability to achieve investor and regulator expectations with respect to environmental, social and governance matters, and our ability to carry-out an acquisition strategy. Provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws may discourage, delay or prevent a change of control. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 You should carefully consider the risk factors below, in addition to the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Form 10-K ). These risk factors are important to understanding the Form 10-K and our other filings with the SEC . The risks described, below, are not the only ones we face. The occurrence of any of the following risks or additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In any such case, the trading price of our common stock could decline. In addition, many of these risks are interrelated and could occur under similar business and economic conditions, and the occurrence of certain of them could, in turn, cause the emergence. or exacerbate the effect, of others. This Form 10-K also contains forward-looking statements and estimates that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of specific factors, including the risks and uncertainties described below. 
 
 Risks Related to Conditions in the Global Capital Markets and the Economy 
 
 Developments in global capital markets and the economy can, and do, affect our business. We face risks from volatility in equity markets, interest rates and credit spreads, which can affect both asset and liability valuations, hedge program performance and fee revenues, as well as risks from the deterioration of the credit quality of issuers and borrowers; and risks associated with global climate change. These risks include: 
 
 General conditions in the global capital markets and the economy could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Volatility in global capital markets and general economic downturns could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Factors including the lingering effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, availability and cost of credit, efforts to address inflation through the Federal Reserve policy, the Ukraine-Russia conflict and other geopolitical issues, and trade disputes have contributed to increased volatility in global capital markets. These factors could continue to impact business and consumer confidence and cause economic uncertainty, with a consequent slowdown in economic activity. 
 
 An economic downturn could impact policyholder behavior in a way that could adversely effect our business. In an economic downturn, our customers may choose to utilize guaranteed benefits differently than we have assumed, potentially taking partial withdrawals more regularly, which may lead to an increase in policyholders claims. If customer lapse rates significantly exceed our expectations, the loss of fee income or spread could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Conversely, if our policyholder lapse rates are significantly lower than our expectations, the increased cost of providing guaranteed living benefits could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, such economic conditions may increase the cost of reinsurance to us for certain policies, and we could encounter decreased availability of such reinsurance. 
 
 Such events and conditions could also have an adverse effect on our sales of annuities, result in a decrease or halt in economic activity in large geographic areas, adversely affect our business within those geographic areas or the general economic climate, affect the availability and cost of reinsurance protections and could affect the availability and effectiveness of hedging instruments resulting in a material and adverse impact on our profitability. 
 
 Equity market declines and volatility could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our variable annuity business is highly sensitive to equity market conditions. Sustained decline, weakness or stagnation in equity markets has resulted, and could continue to result, in depressed variable annuity policyholder account balances and lower revenues based on fees and risk charges that are proportional to policyholder account balances. Lower variable 
 30 

Part I | Item 1A. Risk Factors 

 annuity account balances also impact the likelihood of claims arising from guaranteed benefits on many of our variable annuity policies, which may reduce the profitability of the business, depending on the effectiveness of our hedge program. 
 
 Equity market declines and volatility could also influence policyholder behavior, which could adversely impact the levels of full surrenders or partial withdrawals within annuity contracts or cause customers to reallocate a portion of their account balances to more conservative investment options (which generally have lower fees). These actions could negatively impact our profitability or increase the value of guaranteed benefit liabilities, particularly if customers were to remain in conservative investment options during a period of equity market growth. 
 
 Additional equity market risk could materialize through basis risk, increased cost and limited availability of derivatives we use to hedge market risk, as well as a decline in the value of equity investments in our general account asset portfolio. Basis risk refers to the potential impact of performance differences between the mutual funds held in variable annuity policyholder accounts and the indexes underlying our derivative-based hedges. While we expect a close relationship between the performance of funds offered to variable annuity policyholders and the indexes we use to hedge, some variance between the two is expected. That variation could result in a loss of earnings. Also, basis risk may be exacerbated in periods of elevated market volatility. A market downturn or periods of market volatility could result in reduced availability or increased cost of our derivative-based hedge program, which could negatively impact our ability to mitigate the risk inherent in our liabilities. In addition, equity investments in our asset portfolio may experience a loss in value due to both broad market downturns and risk specific to our investments. 
 
 Changes in interest rates, including periods of high volatility, could have an adverse effect on our income, investment valuations and reserve calculations. 
 
 Changes in interest rates could result in fluctuations in the income derived from, and the valuation of, fixed income securities in our investment portfolio, which could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We also face reinvestment risk as falling (or rising) interest rates may also result in accelerated (or decelerated) prepayments on mortgage-backed securities within our investment portfolio. 
 
 Fixed annuities, variable annuities with a fixed fund option, and institutional products expose us to the risk that decreases in interest rates, which are not fully reflected in the interest rates credited to customers, will reduce that spread and could reduce profitability of those businesses. Conversely, interest rate increases expose us to disintermediation risk, where higher rates make currently sold products more attractive while simultaneously reducing the market value of assets backing our liabilities. This creates an incentive for our customers to lapse their products in an environment where selling assets could cause realized losses. 
 
 Interest rate risk exposure for variable annuities increases when the present value of expected future benefit payments increases, which can occur due to a variety of factors, including lower interest rates potentially leading to lower discount rates, equity market underperformance, adverse policyholder behavior and increased policyholder longevity. Sustained periods of low interest rates or elevated interest rate volatility as experienced in recent years, generally result in increases in statutory reserves and capital requirements, U.S. GAAP reserves, and increased hedging needs and associated costs, which may negatively impact the performance of our hedge program. We also face the risk of reduced fee income as a result of lower variable annuity separate account values related to losses on fixed income investment options that may occur during periods of rising interest rates. 
 
 Volatility in credit spreads could have an adverse effect on the valuation of our fixed income investments, our investment income and reserve calculations. 
 
 Changes in credit spreads affect the underlying market price of our fixed income securities. If credit spreads widen significantly for a sustained period of time, we could be exposed to higher levels of other-than-temporary impairments. If credit spreads tighten significantly, it could result in reduced net investment income associated with new purchases of fixed maturity securities. 
 
 Credit spreads also affect our variable annuity business. Widening credit spreads would reduce the value of certain bonds held within policyholder funds, decreasing the account value of affected annuity contracts and negatively impacting the fee income we earn. Narrowing credit spreads would reduce the investment yields available on new asset purchases and the discount rates used in the principle-based statutory reserve calculation, potentially increasing statutory reserve requirements and, in turn, reducing statutory capital. Similarly, narrowing credit spreads would reduce the discount rates 
 31 

Part I | Item 1A. Risk Factors 

 used in the U.S. GAAP embedded derivatives, potentially increasing U.S. GAAP reserve requirements. Although these effects on bond fund valuation, investment yields, and reserve discount rates run in offsetting directions for either credit spread widening or narrowing, it is possible for one to outweigh the other under certain market conditions. Any of these risks could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We are exposed to the risk of deterioration of the credit quality of, and defaults on, the securities and loans in our investment portfolio, which could have an adverse effect on our investment income, investment valuations and impairments, and capital requirements. 
 
 We are subject to the risk that issuers of our fixed maturity securities and other debt securities and borrowers on our commercial mortgages will default on principal and interest payments or be unable or unwilling to pay us in a timely manner, if at all, due to bankruptcy, insolvency, lack of liquidity, adverse economic conditions, operational failure, fraud or other reasons. The occurrence of a major economic downturn, acts of corporate malfeasance, widening credit risk spreads or other events that adversely affect the issuers or guarantors of securities we own or the underlying collateral of structured securities we own could cause the estimated fair value of our fixed maturity securities portfolio to decline and cause the default rate of the fixed maturity securities in our investment portfolio to increase. Defaults by such issuers and borrowers in the payment or performance of their obligations could reduce our investment income and investment gains or result in investment losses. Further, the value of any fixed maturity security is subject to impairment based on expectations for repayment of cash flows agreed under the obligation. Issuers of the fixed maturity securities that we own could experience performance deterioration that trigger rating agency downgrades. Even if issuers have not defaulted on principal and interest payments with respect to these securities, we could still be required by regulators and rating agencies to hold more capital in support of these investments. As a result, we could experience a higher cost of capital and potential constraints on our ability to grow our business and maintain our own ratings. See Note 4 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of the valuation of our securities investments. 
 
 Moreover, certain concentrations within the portfolio, such as issuer and industry concentrations in corporate bonds or geographic and property type concentrations in mortgage loans, could have adverse effects on our investment portfolio and consequently on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Events or developments that have a negative effect on any industry or geographic region could have a greater adverse effect on our investment portfolio to the extent that the portfolio is concentrated. Moreover, our ability to sell certain assets could be limited if other market participants are seeking to sell similar or related assets at the same time. 
 
 Deterioration in the credit quality of the fixed maturity securities, other debt securities, and mortgages in our investment portfolio, or an increase in the default rate of our mortgage loan investments caused by worsening economic conditions or otherwise, could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our investment management business revenues and results of operations depend on the market value and composition of our assets under management, which could fluctuate significantly based on various factors, including many factors outside of our control. 
 
 PPM America, Inc. ("PPM") and Jackson National Asset Management LLC ("JNAM"), our investment advisory subsidiaries, manage our general and separate account assets, respectively. PPM also provides investment management services to Prudential plc s Asian affiliates. Most of our revenues are derived from management and administration fees, which typically are calculated as a percentage of the value of assets under management. The fees charged for these services vary with the type of service, the investment strategy and the amount of assets managed. The value and composition of our assets under management could be adversely affected by several factors, including: 
 
 Market Factors . Market volatility and interest rates could adversely affect our assets under management and revenues. 
 Client Preferences . Certain clients may withdraw their assets at any time and on short notice. 
 Product Trends . Changing market dynamics, investment trends and material changes to variable annuity products may reduce interest in some of the investment products our investment advisory subsidiaries offer, or clients and prospects may continue to seek investment products that our investment advisory subsidiaries do not currently offer. 
 Investment Performance . Our inability to achieve investment returns for clients that meet or exceed investment returns for comparable asset classes and competing investment services could result in clients withdrawing assets and in prospective clients choosing to invest elsewhere. 
 Fee Changes . Our investment advisory subsidiaries may be required to reduce fee levels, restructure the fees they charge or adjust the services they offer to their clients to remain competitive. 
 
 32 

Part I | Item 1A. Risk Factors 

 A decrease in the value of our assets under management or an adverse shift in the mix of those assets would adversely affect our investment management business revenues. A reduction in revenues could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We face direct or indirect effects of, or responses to, climate change. 
 
 Climate change may increase the frequency and severity of weather-related catastrophes, or adversely affect our investment portfolio or investor sentiment. Climate change regulation may affect the prospects of companies and other entities whose securities we hold, or our willingness to continue to hold their securities. Climate change may also influence investor sentiment with respect to the Company and investments in our portfolio, including real estate investments. We cannot predict the long-term impacts on us from climate change or related regulation. A failure to identify and address these global climate issues and related impacts could cause a material adverse effect on the achievement of our business objectives. 
 
 Pandemics, epidemics, disease outbreaks and other public health crises have and can disrupt our business and operations, and future public health crises could adversely impact our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. 
 
 Pandemics, epidemics or disease outbreaks in the U.S. or globally, including the COVID-19 pandemic, which has disrupted, and may in the future disrupt, our business, could materially affect our business. Our business operations could be significantly disrupted if our critical workforce, key vendors, third-party suppliers, or counterparties with whom we transact are unable to work effectively because of illness, quarantines, and government actions in response to any public health emergency. We also are unable to predict government and regulatory actions that could be taken in the future, including their duration and effectiveness, to contain any COVID-19 variant strains or other public health crises, or the impact of future laws, regulations, or restrictions on our business. The risk management and contingency plans we have in place may be inadequate to protect our business. Any of these factors could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Risks Related to Financing and Liquidity 
 
 As a holding company, we face liquidity risks associated with the ability of our subsidiaries to distribute cash to us, which depends upon the performance of their businesses and their ability to meet regulatory standards and receive regulatory approvals. We also face financing risks associated with our access to the capital markets. Our subsidiaries face liquidity and financing risks associated with their access to the capital markets, the impact of credit and financial strength ratings, a large concentration of funding from a single source, and the illiquid nature of some of their investments. These risks include: 
 
 As a holding company, Jackson Financial depends on the ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends and make other distributions to meet its obligations and liquidity needs, including servicing debt, dividend payments and stock repurchases. 
 
 Jackson Financial is the holding company for all our operations and is a separate legal entity from its subsidiaries. Dividends and other distributions from Jackson Financial s subsidiaries, including payments on internal debt, are the principal sources of cash flow available to Jackson Financial to pay principal and interest on its outstanding indebtedness, corporate operating expenses, shareholder dividends, and to repurchase stock and meet its other obligations. The inability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or provide other distributions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and cash flows, and restrict our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders or repurchase stock. 
 
 The ability of our insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends and make other distributions to Jackson will further depend on the impact such distributions may have on their financial strength ratings, and their ability to meet applicable regulatory standards and receive regulatory approvals. Regulatory approvals are based, in part, on the prior year s statutory income, capital and surplus, and unassigned funds (surplus) and require our insurance subsidiaries to hold a specific amount of minimum reserves to meet future obligations on their outstanding policies. Unassigned funds (surplus) represent the undistributed and unappropriated amount of statutory surplus at any balance sheet date (comparable to U.S. GAAP retained earnings). Changes in, or reinterpretations of, these regulatory standards could constrain the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or to advance or repay funds in sufficient amounts or at appropriate times to meet our debt obligations and corporate expenses. Requiring our insurance subsidiaries to hold additional reserves has the potential to constrain their ability to pay dividends to Jackson. See Business Regulation State Insurance Regulation and 
 33 

Part I | Item 1A. Risk Factors 

 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Distributions from our Insurance Company Subsidiaries. 
 
 We have incurred indebtedness that we will need to service and refinance, which will depend upon, among other things, cash made available to us by our operating subsidiaries and our ability to access the capital markets. 
 
 Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our existing indebtedness, as well as any future indebtedness that we may incur, will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future from our subsidiaries operations, our ability to access the capital markets for financing or refinancing, or asset sales. Our ability to generate cash to meet our debt obligations in the future is sensitive to capital market returns and interest rates, primarily due to our variable annuity business. In addition, we may be able to incur substantially more indebtedness under the terms of our debt agreements. Any such incurrence of additional indebtedness would increase the risks created by our level of indebtedness. The interest expense associated with our debt may increase due to increased indebtedness or refinancing of existing debt at higher rates due to rising interest rates or higher credit spreads, or both. 
 
 Overall, our ability to generate cash is subject to general economic, financial market, competitive, legislative, regulatory, client behavior and other factors that are beyond our control. We may not generate sufficient funds to service our debt and meet our business needs, such as funding working capital or the expansion of our operations. If we are not able to repay or refinance our debt as it becomes due, we could be forced to take unfavorable actions, including significant business and legal entity restructuring, limiting new business investment, selling assets or dedicating an unsustainable level of our cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness. In the event we default on debt having a principal balance of 150 million or more, the lenders who hold our revolving credit facility and senior notes could also accelerate amounts due on that debt, which could potentially trigger a default or acceleration of the maturity of our other debt. 
 
 Adverse capital and credit market conditions could significantly affect our liquidity, access to capital and cost of capital, which would adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 During previous periods of market upheaval and economic uncertainty, capital and credit markets have exerted downward pressure on availability of liquidity and credit capacity for certain issuers. We need to access liquidity to pay operating expenses (including costs relating to our hedging program), policyholder benefits, interest expenses, dividends, or distributions on our common stock, and to capitalize our insurance subsidiaries. 
 
 We require a significant amount of liquidity to support our hedging program, to satisfy variation margin requirements on futures positions or to cover the initial cost of equity and interest rate options. Volatile market environments have the potential to increase hedging-related liquidity requirements, as the amount of cash we need to pay out in variation margin each day is directly related to the magnitude of equity market and interest rate movements. Additionally, as our over-the-counter bilateral hedging transactions become subject to initial margin requirements, we would need liquid assets of sufficient quality to satisfy those requirements. Without sufficient liquidity, we could be required to curtail or limit our operations and our hedging program, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 The level of cash and securities we maintain combined with expected cash inflows from investments and operations, may be inadequate to meet our short-term and long-term customer benefits and expense payment obligations. If market or other conditions have an adverse impact on our capital and liquidity, we may have to seek additional financing, which may be unavailable due to adverse market conditions, restrictive regulatory considerations, overall lower availability of credit to the financial services industry, our credit ratings and credit capacity, or a negative perception in the lender community of our long- or short-term financial prospects if we incur large investment losses or if the level of our business activity decreases due to a market downturn or recession. Similarly, our access to funds could be impaired if regulatory authorities or rating agencies take negative actions against us. Internal sources of liquidity could prove to be insufficient, and, in such case, we would not be able to successfully obtain additional financing on favorable terms, or at all. If we are unable to access capital markets to issue new debt, refinance existing debt or sell additional equity as needed, or if we are unable to obtain such financing on acceptable terms, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely impacted. 
 
 Disruptions, uncertainty or volatility in capital and credit markets could also limit our access to the capital required to operate our business. Such market conditions would limit our ability to replace maturing liabilities in a timely manner, 
 34 

Part I | Item 1A. Risk Factors 

 satisfy statutory capital requirements, generate fee income and market-related revenue to meet liquidity needs and access the capital necessary to grow our business. As such, we would be forced to delay raising capital, could miss payments on our debt or reduce or eliminate dividends paid on our common stock, issue shorter term securities than we prefer or bear an unattractive cost of capital which could decrease profitability and significantly reduce financial flexibility. 
 
 Disruptions in financial markets could limit our access to derivatives used to manage risk pursuant to our hedging strategy or access to fixed income investments used to execute our investment strategy. As a result, disruptions in the financial markets could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 A downgrade or a potential downgrade in our financial strength or credit ratings could result in a loss of business and cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Financial strength ratings, which various rating agencies publish as measures of an insurance company s ability to meet customer obligations, are important to maintaining public confidence in our products, the ability to distribute our products and our competitive position. Credit ratings are important to our ability to raise capital through the issuance of debt and to the cost of such financing. 
 
 A ratings downgrade could occur for a variety of reasons specific to us or our performance, a more general reassessment of the risks and performance of the insurance industry or the broader financial services industry, or because of changes by rating agencies in their methodologies or rating criteria. 
 
 A change in outlook to negative on our ratings, a downgrade in any of our ratings, an announcement of a potential downgrade, or customer concerns about the possibility of a downgrade, could cause direct or indirect adverse effects, including impacts on: 
 
 product sales; 
 relationships with our sales force and independent sales intermediaries; 
 the number or amount of policy surrenders and withdrawals by customers; 
 our ability to obtain new reinsurance or obtain it on reasonable pricing terms; 
 our ability to raise capital and its cost; 
 liquidity through increased collateral required by counterparties; 
 our ability to maintain existing derivative contracts or to purchase new derivatives contracts, on acceptable terms or at all; 
 our ability to compete for attractive acquisition opportunities; and 
 our cost of borrowing. 
 
 We are subject to liquidity risks associated with sourcing a large concentration of our funding from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis FHLBI ). 
 
 We use institutional funding agreements originating from FHLBI, which from time to time serve as a significant source of our liquidity. See Note 11 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of those funding agreements and related collateral requirements . Additionally, we use agreements with the FHLBI to meet near-term liquidity needs, augmenting our repurchase agreement capacity from other counterparties. If the FHLBI were to change its definition of eligible collateral, we could be required to post additional amounts of collateral in the form of cash or other assets. Or, if our creditworthiness falls below the FHLBI s requirements or if legislative or other political actions cause changes to the FHLBI s mandate or to the eligibility of life insurance companies to be members of the FHLBI system, we could be required to find other sources to replace this funding, which may prove difficult and increase our liquidity risk. 
 
 Some of our investments are relatively illiquid and could be difficult to sell, or to sell in significant amounts at acceptable prices, to generate cash to meet our needs. 
 
 We hold certain investments that are relatively illiquid, such as privately placed fixed maturity securities, mortgage loans, certain asset backed securities and alternative investments. In the past, even some of our high-quality investments experienced reduced liquidity during periods of market volatility or disruption. If we were required to liquidate these investments on short notice, we could have difficulty doing so and could be forced to sell them for less than we otherwise would have been able to realize, which could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 35 

Part I | Item 1A. Risk Factors 

 Risks Related to Legal, Tax and Regulatory Matters 
 
 We face risks associated with the heavily regulated nature of our subsidiaries businesses and operations, the effect of changes in regulations, the impact of tax laws upon our products and tax payments, the effect of changes in accounting standards, and legal investigations and regulatory audits and exams. These risks include: 
 
 Our businesses are heavily regulated and changes in regulation could reduce our profitability and limit our growth. 
 
 Our annuity products and our insurance company subsidiaries are subject to extensive and potentially conflicting state and federal tax, securities, insurance and employee benefit plan laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate. These laws and regulations are complex and subject to change, which could have an unknown or adverse impact on us. Moreover, these laws and regulations are administered and enforced by a number of different governmental and self-regulatory authorities, including state insurance regulators, state securities administrators, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, the U.S. Department of Labor, the U.S. Department of Justice, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and state attorneys general, each of which exercises a degree of interpretive latitude. We also are subject to the laws and regulations from state insurance regulators, who regularly re-examine existing laws and regulations applicable to insurance companies and their products. In some cases, these laws and regulations are designed to protect or benefit the interests of a specific constituency rather than a range of constituencies. For example, state insurance laws and regulations are generally intended to protect or benefit purchasers or users of insurance products, not investors. In addition, federal and state securities laws and regulations apply to certain of our insurance products that are considered securities under such laws, including our variable annuity contracts and our RILA product. In many respects, these laws and regulations limit our ability to grow and improve the profitability of our business. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Statutory Capital. 
 
 Also, banking regulators across the globe have adopted rules that apply to certain qualified financial contracts, including many derivatives contracts, securities lending agreements and repurchase agreements with certain banking institutions and certain of their affiliates. These rules generally require the banking institutions and their applicable affiliates to include contractual provisions in their qualified financial contracts that limit or delay certain rights of their counterparties, including counterparties default rights (such as the right to terminate the contracts or foreclose on collateral) and restrictions on assignments and transfers of credit enhancements (such as guarantees) arising in connection with the banking institution or an applicable affiliate becoming subject to a bankruptcy, insolvency, resolution or similar proceeding. Our qualified financial contracts are subject to these rules. As a result, we amended our existing qualified financial contracts with the relevant banking institutions and their affiliates by adhering to the various International Swaps and Derivatives Association Resolution Stay Protocols. If any of our counterparties became subject to a bankruptcy, insolvency, resolution, or similar proceeding, the application of these rules could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Statutory Capital. 
 
 We are monitoring any regulatory action that could potentially impact our business. At this time, we cannot predict what form those regulations could take or their potential impact. 
 
 A decrease in the risk-based capital ("RBC") ratio (as a result of a reduction in statutory capital and surplus or increase in RBC requirements) of our insurance subsidiaries could result in increased scrutiny by insurance regulators and rating agencies, which scrutiny could lead to corrective measures and ratings declines adversely affecting our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 The National Association of Insurance Commissioners ("NAIC") has established model regulations that provide minimum capitalization requirements for insurance companies based on risk-based capital ("RBC") formulas. Each of our U.S. insurance subsidiaries is subject to RBC standards or other minimum statutory capital and surplus requirements imposed under the laws of its respective jurisdiction of domicile. A failure to meet these requirements could subject them to further examination or corrective action imposed by insurance regulators, including limitations on their ability to write additional business, increased regulatory supervision, or seizure or liquidation. Any corrective action imposed could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. A decline in RBC ratio, whether or not it results in a failure to meet applicable RBC requirements, could limit the ability of an insurance subsidiary to make dividends or distributions to us, could result in a loss of customers or new business, or could influence ratings agencies to 
 36 

Part I | Item 1A. Risk Factors 

 downgrade financial strength ratings, each of which could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 In any particular year, total adjusted capital amounts and RBC ratios could change due to a variety of factors, including the amount of statutory earnings generated by the insurance subsidiary, the amount of additional capital that insurer must hold to support business growth, equity market and credit market conditions, the value and credit ratings of certain fixed income and equity securities in its investment portfolio, as well as changes to the RBC formulas and the interpretation of the NAIC s instructions with respect to RBC calculation methodologies. In addition, rating agencies may implement changes to their own internal models, which differ from the RBC capital model, and that have the effect of increasing or decreasing the amount of capital our insurance subsidiaries should hold relative to the rating agencies expectations. Under stressed or stagnant capital market conditions and with the aging of existing insurance liabilities, without offsets from new business, the amount of additional statutory reserves that an insurance subsidiary is required to hold could materially increase. These factors would decrease the total adjusted capital available for use in calculating the subsidiary s RBC ratio. To the extent that an insurance subsidiary s RBC ratio is deemed to be insufficient, we may seek to take actions either to increase the capitalization of the insurer or to reduce the capitalization requirements. If we were unable to accomplish such actions, the rating agencies could view this as a reason for a ratings downgrade. 
 
 Our investment management business is heavily regulated, and changes in regulation and in supervisory and enforcement policies could limit or delay our growth and cause a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Virtually all aspects of our investment management business are subject to federal and state laws, regulations and rules of securities regulators and exchanges, and laws and regulations in the foreign jurisdictions in which our subsidiaries conduct business. Violations could subject us to civil liability, criminal liability or sanction, including restriction or revocation of our professional licenses or registrations, restriction on the ability to collect fees for services provided, revocation of the licenses of our associates, censures, fines, or temporary suspension or permanent bar from conducting business. A regulatory proceeding, even if it does not result in a finding of wrongdoing or sanction, could require substantial expenditures of time, resources, and money, and could potentially damage our reputation. Any such liability or sanction could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Increasingly, our investment advisory subsidiaries must manage actual and potential conflicts of interest, including situations where their services to a particular client conflict, or are perceived to conflict, with the interests of another client. Failure to adequately address potential conflicts of interest could adversely affect our reputation and business prospects and could give rise to litigation or regulatory enforcement actions. Our investment advisory subsidiaries have procedures and controls that are designed to identify and mitigate conflicts of interest, including those designed to prevent the improper sharing of information. However, appropriately managing conflicts of interest is complex. 
 
 Our investment advisory agreements with clients, and our selling and distribution agreements with various financial intermediaries and consultants, are subject to termination or non-renewal on short notice . 
 
 Our investment advisory subsidiaries written investment management agreements with their clients are terminable without penalty at any time or upon relatively short notice by either party. Moreover, our investment advisory subsidiaries investment management agreements with U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission-registered investment companies (each, a RIC ), including the RICs affiliated with Jackson National Life that serve as the sole investment options for our variable annuities, may be terminated at any time, without payment of any penalty, by the RIC s Board of Trustees or by vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of the RIC on not more than 60 days notice. The investment management agreements pursuant to which our investment advisory subsidiaries manage RICs must be renewed and approved by the RICs Boards of Trustees (including a majority of the independent trustees) annually. A significant majority of the trustees are independent. Consequently, the Board of Trustees of each RIC may not approve the investment management agreement each year or may condition its approval on revised terms that are adverse to us. 
 
 Also, as required by the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), each investment advisory agreement with a RIC automatically terminates upon its assignment, although new investment advisory agreements may be approved by the RIC s Board of Trustees and shareholders. The Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Advisers Act ), also requires approval or consent of investment advisory agreements by clients in the event of an assignment of the agreement. An assignment for purposes of both the Investment Company Act and the Investment Advisers Act includes a sale of a controlling block of the voting stock of the investment adviser or its 
 37 

Part I | Item 1A. Risk Factors 

 parent company, or a change in control of the investment adviser. Consequently, clients may not approve an assignment of an investment advisory agreement, which event could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Prudential and its affiliates provide a significant amount of PPM s assets under management and, if they choose to terminate their investment advisory agreements, it could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Prudential plc and its affiliates are significant clients of PPM. Prudential and its affiliates represent 23.3 billion of assets under management or 33 of PPM s total assets under management. PPM s investment management agreements with Prudential and its affiliates are terminable at any time or on short notice by either party, and Prudential and its affiliates are not under any obligation to maintain any level of assets under management with PPM. If Prudential and its affiliates were to terminate their investment management agreements with PPM, it could cause material disruption in the operations and investment advisory capabilities of PPM, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Changes in U.S. federal income or other tax laws or the interpretation of tax laws could affect sales of our products, cash flows, and profitability. 
 
 The annuity products that we market generally provide the customer with certain federal income tax advantages. For example, federal income taxation on any increases in non-qualified annuity contract values (i.e., the inside build-up is deferred until it is received by the customer. With other savings investments, such as certificates of deposit and taxable bonds, the increase in value is generally taxed each year as it is realized. Additionally, life insurance death benefits are generally exempt from income tax. 
 
 From time to time, various tax law changes have been proposed that could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, including the elimination of all or a portion of the income tax advantages described above for annuities and life insurance. If legislation were enacted to eliminate the tax deferral for annuities, such a change would have an adverse effect on our ability to sell our annuities. Moreover, if the treatment of annuities was changed prospectively, and the tax-favored status of existing contracts was grandfathered, holders of existing contracts would be less likely to surrender or rollover their contracts, which could also adversely affect our business. 
 
 The recently enacted Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA establishes a new 15 percent corporate alternative minimum tax AMT on corporations that have an average adjusted financial statement income in excess of 1 billion over a three-year period and is effective January 1, 2023. The implementation of the AMT contemplates that the U.S. Department of Treasury issues final regulatory guidance, which is expected throughout 2023 and beyond. It remains difficult to predict the specific final guidance or the definition of adjusted financial statement income. In the absence of further guidance, despite our federal net operating loss and foreign tax credit carryforwards, we may be required to pay tax equal to 15 percent of our pre-tax financial statement income, as adjusted by the AMT, which includes certain items that are non-economic and can fluctuate significantly based on the movement of interest rates and equity markets. The AMT and any potential future increase in the U.S. corporate income tax rate could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We are subject to U.S. federal, state and other securities and state insurance laws and regulations which, among other things, require that we distribute certain of our products through a registered broker-dealer; failure to comply with those laws, including a failure to have a registered broker-dealer, or changes in those laws could have a material adverse effect on our operations and our profitability. 
 
 Federal and state securities laws and regulations apply to insurance products that are also securities (including variable annuity contracts), to the separate accounts that issue them, and to certain fixed interest rate or index-linked contracts. Such laws and regulations require that we distribute these products through a broker-dealer that is registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and certain state securities regulators and is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority ("FINRA"). Accordingly, our offering and selling of annuities, and in managing certain proprietary mutual funds associated with those products, are subject to extensive regulation under federal and state securities laws as well as the FINRA rules. Costs related to compliance with these securities laws will be greater than costs for our unregistered products. Due to the increased operating and compliance costs, the profitability of issuing these products is uncertain. Moreover, changes in these laws and regulations could affect the way we conduct our business and the products 
 38 

Part I | Item 1A. Risk Factors 

 we sell and could adversely impact our operations and profitability, including increasing the regulatory and compliance burden upon us, resulting in increased costs. 
 
 Changes to comply with new and potential laws or regulations which impose fiduciary or best interest standards in connection with the sale of our products could materially increase our costs, decrease our sales and result in a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Regulators continue to propose and adopt fiduciary rules, best interest standards and other similar laws and regulations applicable to the sale of annuities. These rules, standards, laws, and regulations generally require advisers providing investment recommendations to act in the client s best interest or put the client s interest ahead of their own interest. We face uncertainty regarding the adoption of these rules and regulations and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, the U.S. Department of Labor, and state insurance departments could adopt potentially conflicting or overlapping standards. Changes in these standards, rules and laws could lead to changes to our compensation practices and product offerings and increase our litigation risk, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. See Business Regulation Federal Initiatives. 
 
 Legal and regulatory investigations and actions are increasingly common in our industry and could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We face a significant risk of litigation and regulatory investigations and actions in the ordinary course of operating our business, including the risk of class action lawsuits, arbitration claims, government subpoenas, regulatory investigations and actions and other claims. 
 
 Our operations could become subject to individual lawsuits, class action lawsuits and regulatory actions relating, among other things, to sales or underwriting practices; payment of contingent or other sales commissions; claims payments, refunds, practices and procedures; product design; disclosure; administration; additional premium charges for premiums paid on a periodic basis; interest crediting practices; denial or delay of benefits; charging excessive or impermissible fees; alleged misconduct by our associates and agents; failure to properly supervise representatives, agents or other persons with whom we do business; and alleged breaches of duties to customers. 
 
 We are also subject to a variety of complaints and investigations concerning employment matters. Plaintiffs in class action and other lawsuits against us may seek very large or indeterminate amounts, including punitive or non-economic compensatory and treble damages, which amounts could remain unknown for substantial periods of time. In some jurisdictions, juries, judges, and arbitrators have substantial discretion in awarding punitive or non-economic compensatory damages, which creates the potential for unpredictable material adverse judgments or awards in any given lawsuit or arbitration. Arbitration awards also are subject to very limited appellate review. 
 
 The insurance industry has been the focus of increased scrutiny and class action lawsuits related to cost of insurance COI charges. These lawsuits allege that insurers have improperly included factors when calculating COI charges not authorized by the contract and that insurers have improperly failed to reduce COI charges to reflect improved mortality experience. In certain COI class action lawsuits, companies have made significant settlement payments or been held liable with significant monetary judgments. We have been subject to COI class action lawsuits in the past, and there can be no assurance we will not face scrutiny and class action lawsuits related to COI in the future. The insurance industry also has been subject to a variety of other actions, including cases challenging adherence to policy terms and marketing of policies. In addition, the Financial Industry and Regulatory Authority and state regulators have increasingly scrutinized annuity sales, and the alleged unsuitability of these sales, to seniors. 
 
 We are subject to various regulatory inquiries, such as information requests, subpoenas, market conduct exams and books and record examinations, from state and federal regulators and other authorities, which could result in fines, recommendations for corrective action or other regulatory actions. Federal and state regulators have focused on, and continue to devote substantial attention to, the mutual fund, variable annuity, and insurance product industries, including the broker-dealer system. As a result of publicity relating to widespread perceptions of industry abuses, it is possible that legislative and regulatory reforms may impact our business. 
 
 Given the large or indeterminate amounts sometimes sought, and the inherent unpredictability of litigation, it is also possible that defense and settlement costs and the unfavorable resolution of one or more pending litigation matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Current or future 
 39 

Part I | Item 1A. Risk Factors 

 litigation or actions, inquiries or investigations by governmental authorities or regulators, including with respect to the matters discussed in this risk factor, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Litigation and actions, inquiries and investigations by governmental authorities and regulators are inherently unpredictable, and a substantial legal liability or a significant regulatory action against us could be material. Moreover, even if we ultimately prevail in any litigation or any action or investigation by governmental authorities or regulators, we could suffer significant reputational harm, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Increased regulatory scrutiny and any resulting investigations or proceedings could result in new legal actions or precedents and industry-wide regulations or practices that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. See Note 14 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information . 
 
 Changes in accounting standards could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, the principles of which are revised from time to time. Accordingly, from time to time, we will be required to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognized authoritative bodies, including the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ). FASB has issued several accounting standards updates which have resulted in significant changes in U.S. GAAP, including how we account for our financial instruments and how our financial statements are presented. Changes to U.S. GAAP could affect the way we account for and report significant areas of our business, impose special demands on us in the areas of governance, associate training, internal controls and disclosure and affect how we manage our business. To the extent that such changes affect income, expenses, assets, liabilities or shareholders equity, they could adversely affect rating agency metrics and could consequently adversely impact our financial strength ratings and our ability to incur new indebtedness or refinance our existing indebtedness. The changes could also result in increased market sensitivity of our financial statements and results of operations. See Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of pending changes in accounting principles . 
 
 Our operating insurance companies are also subject to statutory accounting practices prescribed or permitted by their states of domicile. Any changes in the method of calculating reserves for our products under statutory accounting practices could result in increased reserve requirements, and any movements in economic inputs, such as interest rates, under this framework could impact the volatility of our statutory surplus and required capital. The NAIC prescribes Economic Scenario Generator developed by the American Academy of Actuaries Academy for use by the life insurance industry in calculations of life and annuity statutory reserves and statutory capital. Beginning in early 2017, the Academy notified the NAIC s Life Actuarial (A) Task Force that it did not have the resources to maintain the Economic Scenario Generator, except in their current form, and that a suitable replacement should be found. As a result, in October 2020, the NAIC selected Conning, Inc. Conning ), a global software and professional services firm, to provide an Economic Scenario Generator software platform for use in calculations of life and annuity reserves and capital under the NAIC risk-based capital requirements. Conning is expected to provide the NAIC with updated real-world scenarios modeling interest rates, equities, and other economic factors, and provide full documentation and training materials for regulators and insurers. Based on currently available information, the potential impact of any revisions to the Economic Scenario Generator is unclear. If these potential changes to Economic Scenario Generator are significant, there could be a material impact on the level and volatility of our statutory surplus and required statutory capital. 
 
 We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting that could, if not remediated, result in material misstatements in our financial statements. 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls over its financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. As disclosed in Item 9A of Part II of this Form 10-K, our management identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to ineffective risk assessment of a process level control used to determine our nonperformance risk adjustment in developing the discount rate used to estimate the fair value of some of the guarantee features of our variable annuity products. Specifically, management determined that the evidence of evaluation around the consideration of changes in factors that could have a material impact on the discount rate was insufficient to demonstrate that an effective control existed. A material weakness is defined as a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. As a result of this material weakness, our management concluded that our 
 40 

Part I | Item 1A. Risk Factors 

 internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022. We are developing a remediation plan designed to address this material weakness. If the remedial measures are insufficient to address the material weakness, or if additional material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in internal control are discovered or occur in the future, our consolidated financial statements may contain material misstatements and we could be required to restate our financial results. Those circumstances, were they to occur, could subject us to adverse regulatory consequences and could harm investor confidence and the market price of our common stock. 
 
 Risks Related to the Products We Offer and Distribution 
 
 Our subsidiaries products are complex and require us to make assumptions on customer behavior and manage risk through the use of financial derivatives. We face risk related to potential future updates to our assumptions and the effectiveness of our risk management programs. We also face risk in the marketing and distribution of our products due to competitive pressures and our ability to accurately describe and administer our products features. These risks include: 
 
 Our failure to accurately describe the many features and options of our annuities or to administer the many features and options consistent with their descriptions could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our annuities contain many options and features, and we rely on third-party distributors to describe and explain our products to investors and our customers. There is a risk that we or our distributors fail to describe every feature and option in contracts, forms, regulatory filings, marketing literature, and other written descriptions. Any such failure, or any other intentional or unintentional misrepresentation of our products in advertising materials or other external communications, or inappropriate activities by our personnel or third-party distributors, could adversely affect our reputation and business, as well as lead to potential regulatory actions or litigation. 
 
 Additionally, U.S. federal income tax law imposes requirements relating to annuity and insurance product design, administration and investments that are conditions for beneficial tax treatment of such products under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). State and federal securities and insurance laws also impose requirements relating to annuity and insurance product design, offering and distribution, and administration. Failure to administer product features in accordance with applicable law, or to meet any of these complex tax, securities or insurance requirements could subject us to administrative penalties imposed by a particular governmental or self-regulatory authority, unanticipated costs associated with remedying such failure or other claims, litigation, harm to our reputation or interruption of our operations. If this were to occur, it could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Optional guaranteed benefits within certain of our annuities could decrease our earnings, decrease our capitalization, and increase the volatility of our financial results. 
 
 Certain of the annuities we have in-force and continue to sell include optional guaranteed benefits. Optional guaranteed benefits are designed to offer various forms of protection to customers against losses in their account value. The value of liabilities associated with optional guaranteed benefits is affected by equity and fixed income market performance, the level of interest rates, realized volatility in equity markets and interest rates, and customer behavior; an increase in these liabilities could result in a decrease in our net income and depending on the magnitude of any such increase, could cause a material adverse effect on our financial condition, including our capitalization, as well as the financial strength and credit ratings which are necessary to support the sales of our products. 
 
 Additionally, we make assumptions regarding customer behavior that affect the pricing and valuation of optional guaranteed benefits within our products. Annually, or as circumstances warrant, we conduct a comprehensive review of our assumptions, including those relating to customer behavior, and update them when appropriate. If we update our assumptions based on our review in future years, we could be required to increase the liabilities we record for future policy benefits and claims to a level that causes a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows which, in certain circumstances, could impair our solvency. In addition, we have in the past updated our assumptions on customer behavior, which has negatively impacted our net income, and we could be required to implement further updates in the future. 
 
 Our use of derivative instruments to manage risk associated with optional guaranteed benefits may not result in positive financial performance in all periods. Many factors may influence the impact of optional guaranteed benefits, net of hedging, on our financial performance, such as equity market performance and volatility, the level and volatility of interest 
 41 

Part I | Item 1A. Risk Factors 

 rates, and deviations from assumed customer behavior. The manner in which we hedge optional guaranteed benefits of our annuities has resulted in, and could continue to result in, significant variability in our U.S. GAAP accounting results and could have adverse impacts on the level of statutory capital and the RBC ratios of our insurance subsidiaries. These factors, individually or collectively, could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 The terms of our registered index-linked annuities ("RILAs") may not meet customer needs, and we may encounter delays and missed market opportunities if we need to revise those terms, which could negatively affect our revenues, costs and results of operations. 
 
 Our registered index-linked annuity ("RILA") intends to meet the growing demand for RILA products and provide value for customers. Creation of the product required the preparation, filing and effectiveness of a registration statement with the SEC. Changes to that product offering may require an amendment to that registration statement, or a new registration statement, which would entail analysis of the needed changes and their effects, a new product description and review by the SEC. Those steps could interrupt and delay the marketing of our product, which could decrease revenues, increase costs, and negatively impact our results of operations. 
 
 Competition could adversely affect our market share and financial results, which could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 In some of our markets, we face competitors that are larger, have greater financial resources or greater market share, have better brand recognition, offer a broader range of products, or have higher crediting rates. Our competitors include major stock and mutual insurance companies, mutual fund organizations, banks, and other financial services companies. In recent years, substantial consolidation and convergence among companies in the insurance and financial services industries resulted in increased competition from large, well-capitalized insurance and financial services firms that market products and services similar to ours. These competitors compete with us for customers, distribution partners (such as brokers and independent agents), and employees. Increased consolidation among banks and other financial services companies could create firms with even stronger competitive positions, negatively impact the insurance industry s sales, increase competition for access to third-party distributors, result in greater distribution expenses and impair our ability to market our annuities to our current customer base or expand our customer base. 
 
 We depend on our network of financial advisors in the independent broker-dealer channel for a significant portion of the sales of our annuities. The market for these financial advisors is highly competitive. If our competitors offer annuities that are more attractive than ours, pay higher commission rates to financial advisors than we do or offer a better service experience than we do, these financial advisors may concentrate their efforts in selling our competitors products instead of ours. 
 
 Some of our competitors may spread their operating costs over a larger in-force block and may absorb greater risk while maintaining their financial strength and credit ratings, thereby allowing them to price their products more competitively. Additionally, we are faced with competition from other products, including non-insurance products such as mutual funds, certificates of deposit and newly developed investment products. These competitive pressures could result in increased pricing pressures on our products and services and could harm our ability to maintain or increase our profitability. In addition, if our financial strength and credit ratings are lower than our competitors, we could experience increased surrenders or a significant decline in sales. 
 
 The competitive landscape in which we operate could be further affected by government sponsored programs or regulatory changes in the U.S. and similar governmental actions outside of the U.S. Competitors that receive governmental financing, guarantees or other assistance, or that are not subject to the same regulatory constraints could have or obtain pricing or other competitive advantages. 
 
 We also face competition from new entrants into our markets or non-traditional or online competitors, many of whom are leveraging digital technology that could challenge the position of traditional financial service companies, including us, by providing new services or creating new distribution channels. We believe competition will intensify across all regions in response to consumer demand, digital and other technological advances, the need for economies of scale and the consequential impact of consolidation, regulatory actions, and other factors. Our ability to generate appropriate returns will depend significantly on our capacity to anticipate and respond appropriately to these competitive pressures. We may not 
 42 

Part I | Item 1A. Risk Factors 

 continue to compete effectively, and competitive activity could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We could experience difficulty in marketing and distributing products. 
 
 We distribute our products through a variety of third-party distribution partners. Our agreements with third-party distributors are subject to termination by either party with or without cause. We periodically renegotiate the terms of these agreements, and such terms may not remain attractive or acceptable to us or such third parties. Our distributors could elect to suspend, alter, reduce or terminate their distribution relationships with us for various reasons, including changes in our distribution strategy, decisions to discontinue a product, failure to create new products, adverse developments in our business or products with features that do not meet minimum thresholds set by the distributor, or developments in laws or regulations that affect our products. If certain key distributors were to terminate their relationship with us or reduce the amount of sales they produce for us, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. Our key distribution partners could merge, consolidate, or change their business models in ways that affect how our products are sold or terminate their distribution contracts with us. New distribution channels could emerge and adversely impact the effectiveness of our distribution efforts. An increase in bank, wire house and broker-dealer consolidation activity could increase competition for access to distributors, result in greater distribution expenses and impair our ability to market products through these channels. 
 
 Consolidation of distributors or other industry changes could also increase the likelihood that distributors will try to renegotiate the terms of any existing selling agreements to terms less favorable to us. Also, if we are unsuccessful in attracting and retaining key distribution associates, including wholesalers, our sales could decline, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Risks Related to Models, Estimates, Assumptions and Valuations 
 
 We face risk related to our reliance upon complex models to predict behavior, value our assets and liabilities, and quantify risk; the assumptions used to populate our models may not reflect what is realized over time, which may impact our financial performance. We also face risk in the determination of allowances and impairments with respect to the value of our investments. These risks include: 
 
 We rely on complex models to predict behavior, identify potential risks and estimate financial performance. These models may be ineffective due to incomplete or inaccurate assumptions or errors in data analysis or interpretation, which could result in materially inaccurate risk assessments and output. 
 
 We use complex models to predict customer behavior, identify potential risks and estimate financial performance, including market trends. Those models assist in establishing reserves and derivative positions in respect of liabilities arising from our insurance policies and annuity contracts and to perform a range of operational functions, including calculation of regulatory or internal capital requirements and determining hedging requirements. Some of these tools form an integral part of our information and decision-making framework. 
 
 No model is perfect, and each is highly dependent upon the assumptions used, which, in turn, are dependent upon the empirical and subjective analysis and evaluation of data with respect to customer behavior under different conditions, mortality, policy lapse or surrender, market trends, performance and volatility, and intervening factors, such as large- scale disasters and pandemics. There is a significant risk that the underlying data may be incomplete, may contain errors due to the large volume of information collected and processed or the limitations of the tools used in that processing, or be insufficiently predictive of future trends given its historical nature. Further, judgments applied in interpreting that data may be incorrect due to the significant subjective and complex judgments, estimates and assumptions involved. The failure of the model to predict trends or outcomes could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our analyses of scenarios and sensitivities that we utilize in connection with our variable annuity risk management strategies involve significant estimates based on assumptions and could therefore result in material differences from actual outcomes compared to the sensitivities calculated under such scenarios. 
 
 As part of our variable annuity risk management program, we may, from time to time, estimate the impact of various market factors under certain scenarios on our variable annuity distributable earnings or our reserves (collectively, the 
 43 

Part I | Item 1A. Risk Factors 

 market sensitivities ), which are used to guide our assessment of investment and hedging strategies and capital reserves. Any such market sensitivities may use inputs which are difficult to approximate and could include estimates that differ materially from actual results. Any such estimates, or the absence thereof, could be associated with, among other things: (i) differences in returns of equity or fixed income indices and policyholder funds, (ii) actuarial assumptions related to customer behavior and life expectancy and (iii) management actions, including changes in investment and hedging activities, that may occur in response to developing facts, circumstances and experience for which no estimates are made in any market sensitivities. Any such estimates, or the absence thereof, could produce sensitivities that could differ materially from actual outcomes and therefore affect our actions in connection with our risk management program. Our liquidity, statutory capitalization, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected by a broad range of capital market scenarios, which could materially affect our reserving requirements and, by extension, could materially affect the accuracy of estimates used in any market sensitivities. 
 
 If our reserves for future policy benefits and claims are not sufficient, we would be required to increase our reserve liabilities. 
 
 We calculate and maintain reserves for estimated future benefit payments to our customers. We release these reserves as those future obligations are extinguished. The reserves we establish necessarily reflect estimates and actuarial assumptions about our expected future experience. These estimates and actuarial assumptions include estimates and assumptions related to future mortality, longevity, interest rates, future equity performance, reinvestment rates, persistency, claims experience and customer elections (i.e., the exercise or non-exercise of rights by customers under the contracts). Examples of customer elections include lapses and surrenders, withdrawals and amounts of withdrawals, and contributions and the allocation thereof. The assumptions and estimates used in connection with the reserve estimation process are inherently uncertain and involve the exercise of significant judgment. Annually, or as circumstances warrant, we conduct a comprehensive review of the assumptions used in connection with the reserve estimation process. Based on this review, reserves may be adjusted with a corresponding benefit or charge to net income. Our future financial results depend on the extent to which our actual future experience is consistent with the assumptions we have used in pricing our products and determining our reserves. Many factors affect future experience, including economic, political, and social conditions, inflation, healthcare costs and changes in doctrines of legal liability and damage awards in litigation. The ultimate amounts we will pay for actual future benefits and the timing of those payments is uncertain. 
 
 We could face unanticipated losses if there are significant deviations from our assumptions regarding the persistency of our annuity contracts or if mortality rates differ significantly from our pricing expectations. 
 
 Our future profitability is based in part on expected patterns of premiums, expenses and benefits using a number of assumptions, including those related to the probability that a policy or contract will remain in force from one period to the next, or persistency or mortality. It is not possible to precisely predict persistency or mortality, and actual results could differ significantly from assumptions. The effect of persistency on profitability varies for different products. For certain products, actual persistency that is lower than assumptions could have an adverse impact on future profitability. In addition, we could also be forced to sell investments at a loss to fund withdrawals. For some life insurance and variable annuities, actual persistency in later policy durations that is higher than assumed persistency could also have a negative impact on profitability. If these policies remain in force longer than assumed, we could be required to make greater benefit payments than we had anticipated when we priced these products. In addition, we set prices and initial crediting rates for our annuities based on expected claims and payment patterns, using assumptions for, among other factors, the persistency and mortality rates of our customers. Significant deviations in experience from assumptions regarding persistency and mortality rates could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 The subjective determination of the amount of allowances and impairments taken on our investments could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 The manner of determining the amount of allowances and impairments varies by investment type and is based upon our evaluation and assessment of known and inherent risks associated with the respective asset class. Management updates its evaluations regularly and reflects changes in allowances and impairments in operations as such evaluations are revised. Management s judgments, as reflected in our financial statements, may not be an accurate estimate of the actual and eventual diminution in realized value. Historical trends may not be indicative of future impairments or allowances. Furthermore, we may need to take additional impairments or provide for additional allowances in the future, which could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. See Note 4 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information . 
 44 

Part I | Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Risks Related to Counterparty Performance and Reinsurance 
 
 We face credit risk from our transactions with counterparties relating to derivatives, reinsurance, and other transactions. These risks include: 
 
 Our use of financial derivative transactions to hedge risks associated with our operations exposes us to counterparty credit risk that could adversely affect us. 
 
 We use derivatives primarily as part of our financial risk management strategy, principally to manage the inherent equity market and interest rate risk associated with the optional guaranteed benefits embedded in our products. Derivative contracts, primarily composed of futures and options on equity indices and interest rates, are an essential part of our risk management program and are selected to provide a measure of protection against adverse financial market events. These transactions are designed to manage the risk of a change in the value, yield, price, cash flows or degree of exposure with respect to assets, liabilities, or future cash flows that we have acquired or incurred. For information regarding notional amounts on our derivative instruments, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Investments Derivative Instruments. We manage the potential credit exposure for derivative contracts through the use of the International Swaps and Derivatives Association s ISDA s collateral agreements and master netting agreements, and by limiting exposure to each counterparty based on their credit worthiness. If our counterparty fails or refuses to honor its obligations under the derivative contracts, such failure or refusal could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, as we may not be able to realize the full market value of the derivative positions if the value exceeds the amount of collateral held, or we are unable to replace the derivative positions with a new counterparty. 
 
 Our transactions with financial and other institutions generally specify the circumstances under which either party is required to pledge collateral related to any change in the market value of the derivatives contracts. The amount of collateral, or variation margin, we are required to post under these agreements could increase under certain circumstances, which could adversely affect our liquidity. We invest on a short-term basis the cash collateral pledged to us by our derivative counterparties in unsecured money market and prime funds, which exposes us to the credit risk of the financial institutions where we invest funds received as collateral. Additionally, implementation of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 Dodd-Frank and other regulations could increase the need for liquidity and for the amount of collateral assets in excess of current levels, further exacerbating these risks. 
 
 In a period of market or credit stress, derivative counterparties may take a more conservative view of their acceptable credit exposure to us, resulting in reduced capacity to execute derivative-based hedges when we need it most. Similarly, a downgrade in our credit ratings could cause counterparties to limit or reduce their exposure to us and thus reduce our ability to manage our market risk exposures effectively during times of market stress. 
 
 Our use of reinsurance to mitigate a portion of the risks that we face exposes us to counterparty credit risk that could adversely affect us. 
 
 We use reinsurance to mitigate a portion of the risks that we face, principally in certain of our in-force annuity and life insurance products with regard to longevity and mortality risks, in certain of our annuities with regard to the Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefit GMIB features, and the in-force fixed annuities and fixed index annuities ceded to Athene. Under our reinsurance arrangements, other insurers assume a portion of the obligation to pay claims and related expenses to which we are subject. 
 
 We remain liable as the direct insurer on all risks we reinsure and, therefore, are subject to the risk that a reinsurer is unable or unwilling to pay or reimburse claims at the time demand is made. The inability or unwillingness of a reinsurer to meet its obligations to us, or the inability to collect under our reinsurance treaties for any other reason, could cause a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In connection with the Athene Reinsurance Transaction, Apollo Insurance Solutions Group LP, an affiliate of Athene, manages the assets held in the related funds withheld account. Since this arrangement with Athene involves reinsurance of substantially all our in-force fixed annuities and fixed index annuities, it covers a larger volume of business than would a traditional reinsurance agreement, thereby exposing us to a large concentration of credit risk with respect to Athene. See Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions. 
 
 45 

Part I | Item 1A. Risk Factors 

 Difficulties faced by other financial institutions could adversely affect us. 
 
 We have exposure to financial institutions in the form of unsecured bank accounts and debt instruments, unsecured money market and prime funds, and equity investments. Losses or impairments to the carrying value of these assets could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Additionally, an insolvency of, or the appointment of a receiver to rehabilitate or liquidate, a significant competitor could affect consumer confidence in our products and services and negatively impact our business. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Information Technology and Other Operational Matters 
 
 Our business depends on performance of information technology systems and the management and protection of data. We face risks from the interruptions of those systems, unauthorized access or intrusions to those systems, and breach of protection of confidential business and personal data. We also face risks associated with the actions or inactions of our associates. These risks include: 
 
 Adverse outcomes from the operational risks inherent in our business could disrupt our business, and have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Operational risks are inherent to our businesses and include direct or indirect losses resulting from inadequate or failed internal and external processes, systems or deliberate human actions, inactions, or error. Our policies and procedures may not be fully effective in identifying, monitoring, or mitigating our risk exposure against all types of risk. We also face exposure from fraud, the effects of natural or man-made catastrophic events (such as natural disasters, pandemics, cyber-attacks, acts of terrorism, civil unrest, and other catastrophes), and other external events. These risks could also adversely impact us through our distribution partners and our partners that provide outsourcing, policy administration, external technology, data hosting and other services. 
 
 Exposure to such events could impact our operational resilience and ability to perform necessary business functions by disrupting our systems, operations, new business sales and renewals, distribution channels and services to customers, or result in the loss of confidential or proprietary data. Such events, as well as any weaknesses in administration systems (such as those relating to customer records) or actuarial reserving and hedging processes, may lead to legal and regulatory sanctions, decreased profitability, financial loss, adverse changes in policyholder behavior, as well as damage to our reputation or relationship with our customers and business partners. 
 
 Adverse outcomes from the operational risks of our material outsourcing partners, could disrupt our business, and have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 We rely on the performance and operations of a number of third-party distribution, policy administration, outsourcing (including external technology and data hosting), and service partners. These include back-office support functions, such as those relating to information technology infrastructure, development and support, and customer facing operations and services, such as product distribution and services (including through digital channels) and investment operations. This creates reliance upon the resilient operational performance of these partners and requires the implementation and oversight of policies and procedures to ensure we are not unduly subjected to reputational, financial, or other risks attributable to such third parties. Failure to adequately oversee our third-party partners, or the failure of a partner (or of its information technology and operational systems and processes) could result in significant disruption to business operations and customers and could have adverse reputational, regulatory and legal implications, and thus could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our information technology systems could fail, which could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our business operations depend on the ability to process large numbers of transactions for numerous and diverse products, which requires the effective operation of our information technology systems. We employ a large number of complex and interconnected information technology and finance systems, models, and user developed applications in our processes to support our business operations. We also have arrangements in place with third-party suppliers and other service providers through which we share and receive information. The performance of our core business activities and the uninterrupted availability of services to customers rely significantly on, and require significant investment in, information technology 
 46 

Part I | Item 1A. Risk Factors 

 infrastructure and security, system development, data governance and management, compliance, as well as other supporting operational systems, personnel, controls and processes. 
 
 We rely on these systems throughout our business for a variety of functions, including processing claims and applications, providing information to customers and distributors, performing actuarial analyses, and maintaining financial records. Our information technology systems, and those of our outside vendors and service providers, are vulnerable to physical or electronic intrusions, computer viruses, ransomware or other attacks, programming errors and disruption from similar events. The large number of transactions we process makes it highly likely that errors will occasionally occur. Furthermore, the failure of these systems for any reason could cause significant interruptions to our operations, make it difficult to recover critical services, damage assets, and compromise the integrity and security of data. 
 
 Our information technology systems, and those of our outside vendors and service providers, are vulnerable to physical or electronic intrusions, computer viruses, ransomware or other attacks, programming errors and disruption from similar events. 
 
 We are exposed to continuously evolving risks of attempts to disrupt the availability, confidentiality and integrity of our information technology systems, which could result in disruption to key operations or loss of the availability, confidentiality or integrity of customer or other Company data. This could result in reputational damage and direct or indirect financial loss. The cybersecurity threat continues to evolve globally in sophistication, frequency of attacks and potential significance. Our market profile and growing customer interest in interacting with their financial services providers, through the internet and social media, could also increase the likelihood of us being a target by cyber criminals. We have been, and likely will continue to be, subject to potential damage from computer viruses, attempts to access confidential information, including customer data, and cybersecurity attacks such as denial of service attacks, phishing, sophisticated and automated attacks, and other disruptive software campaigns. Our security measures, including information security policies, administrative, technical, and physical controls, associate training and other preventative actions may not fully protect us from such events. 
 
 During times of significant change, the resilience and operational effectiveness of these systems and processes could be adversely impacted. In particular, we are increasing use of emerging technological tools and digital services and forming strategic partnerships with third parties to provide these capabilities. A failure to implement appropriate governance and management of the incremental operational risks from emerging technologies could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. New and currently unforeseeable regulatory issues could also arise from the increased use of emerging technology, data, and digital services. A material failure or breach of our information technology systems, or those of our third-party suppliers and other service providers, could result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows as well as loss of trust from our customers and associates, reputational damage and potential legal and regulatory liability. 
 
 Increased cybersecurity threats and computer crime also pose a risk of litigation, regulatory investigations, and other penalties. Data privacy is subject to frequently changing rules and regulations regarding the handling of personal data. Any breach in the security of our information technology systems could result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary business information, including sensitive customer, supplier, or associate information maintained in the ordinary course of our business. Any such event, or any failure to comply with these data privacy requirements or other laws in this area, could cause damage to our reputation, or loss of revenue and could result in legal liability or penalties. In addition, we could incur large expenditures to investigate, remediate, and recover networks or information systems and protect against similar future events. 
 
 Failure to protect the confidentiality of customer information or proprietary business information could adversely affect our reputation and cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our business and relationships with customers depend on our ability to maintain the confidentiality of our customers proprietary business and confidential information (including customer transactional data and personal information about our distribution partners and customers). The risks of failing to secure data and misusing data are increased by the use of emerging technological tools that increase the volume of data that we collect and process. 
 
 Pursuant to federal laws, various federal agencies have established rules protecting the privacy and security of personal information. In addition, most states have enacted laws, which vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, to safeguard the 
 47 

Part I | Item 1A. Risk Factors 

 privacy and security of personal information. Any compromise of our information technology systems or of the third-party partners' systems that results in the unauthorized access or disclosure of non-public personally identifiable or proprietary business information could damage our reputation in the marketplace, deter investors from purchasing our products, subject us to civil liability and require us to incur significant technical, legal and other expenses. New and currently unforeseeable regulatory issues could also arise from the increased use of emerging technology, data, and digital services. 
 
 We retain confidential information in our information systems and in cloud-based systems (including customer transactional data and personal information about our distribution partners, customers, and our own associates). We rely on commercial technologies and third parties to maintain the security of those systems. Anyone who circumvents our security measures and penetrates our information systems, or the cloud-based systems we use, could access, view, misappropriate, alter or delete any information in the systems, including personally identifiable customer information and proprietary business information. It is possible that an associate, contractor, or representative could, intentionally or unintentionally, disclose or misappropriate personal information or other confidential information. Our associates, distribution partners and other third-party partners use portable computers or mobile devices that could contain similar information to that in our information systems, and these devices have been and could be lost, stolen or damaged. Any compromise of the security of our information technology systems that results in the unauthorized disclosure of personally identifiable customer information could damage our reputation in the marketplace, deter people from purchasing our products, subject us to civil and criminal liability and require us to incur significant technical, legal and other expenses, any of which could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 
 Our inability to recruit, motivate and retain key associate s and experienced and productive associate s could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our business depends on our ability to attract, motivate, and retain highly skilled, and often highly specialized, technical, investment, actuarial, managerial, and executive personnel. Intense competition exists for key associates with demonstrated abilities, and we may be unable to retain or hire such associates. For example, we rely upon the knowledge and experience of associates with technical expertise to provide sound operational controls for our overall enterprise, including the accurate and timely preparation of required regulatory filings and U.S. GAAP and statutory financial statements and operation of internal controls. Our success also depends on the continued service of our key senior management team, including executive officers and senior managers. The unexpected loss of services of one or more of our key associates could have a material adverse effect on our operations due to their skills, knowledge of our business, their years of industry experience and the potential difficulty in promptly finding qualified replacement associates. 
 
 We depend on the ability of our associates, including senior management, to work together to accomplish the Company s business plans and strategic objectives. As a public company, we will continue to need associates with different skillsets and public company experience. We may not be able to attract this talent. In addition, we may not have the resources we need or associates with the right skillsets and working relationships may not develop properly among existing associates and senior management, which may force us to supplement or replace personnel at inopportune times with possible disruption and additional costs. 
 
 Intense competition exists generally and among insurers and other financial services companies for highly skilled and experienced associates. Further, heightened competition for talent and skilled associates in localities in which we operate could limit our ability to grow our business in those localities as quickly as planned. We may be unable to retain key associates or identify and attract suitable replacements for various reasons, including if we do not maintain responsible, diverse, and inclusive working practices. Our succession plans may not operate effectively, and our compensation plans may not be effective in helping us retain our key associates, the loss of one or more of whom could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 We face risk from external events, such as natural or man-made disasters, our ability to achieve investor and regulator expectations with respect to environmental, social and governance matters, and our ability to carry-out an acquisition strategy. Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and by-laws may discourage, delay or prevent a change of control. 
 
 48 

Part I | Item 1A. Risk Factors 

 We face risks arising from acquisitions or other strategic transactions. 
 
 We have made acquisitions and other strategic transactions in the past and may pursue further acquisitions or other strategic transactions, including reinsurance, dispositions, and joint ventures, in the future. We face a number of risks arising from such transactions, including difficulties in assimilating and retaining associates and intermediaries, incurring unforeseen liabilities that arise in connection with such transactions, or facing unfavorable market conditions that could negatively impact our expectations for such transactions. Further, strategic transactions could require us to increase our leverage or, if we issue shares to fund an acquisition, would dilute holdings of existing shareholders. These risks could prevent us from realizing the expected benefits from acquisitions and could result in the impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets recognized at the time of acquisition. In addition, should we pursue a strategy to complement our organic growth by exploring opportunities for acquisitions, it could be materially and adversely affected by the increasingly competitive nature of the life insurance and annuity merger and acquisition market and the increased participation of non-traditional buyers in the life insurance and annuity merger and acquisition market. 
 
 We are exposed to risks related to natural and man-made disasters and catastrophes, diseases, epidemics, pandemics, malicious acts, terrorist acts, civil unrest, and global climate change. 
 
 The risk of catastrophic mortality, such as from a pandemic, civil unrest, an act of terrorism, a natural disaster or other event that causes a large number of deaths or injuries is unlikely but present. The likelihood, timing and severity of pandemics, significant epidemics, and outbreaks of disease cannot be predicted. Additionally, the impact of global climate change could cause changes in weather patterns, resulting in more severe and more frequent natural disasters, which could lead to unanticipated problems with our business continuity plans and thereby cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our ability to conduct business could be adversely affected by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our operations and the communities in which they are located. This could include an electrical disruption, or disruptions involving communications, transportation, or other services we use or that third parties with whom we conduct business use, and we may not be able to successfully implement contingency plans. 
 
 Lastly, catastrophic events could harm the financial condition of our reinsurers and thereby increase the probability of default on reinsurance recoveries. As a result, our ability to write new business could also be affected. These events could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our efforts to meet Environmental, Social, and Governance ESG standards may not meet investors or regulators expectations. Some of our customers, prospective investors, or shareholders, or those considering such a relationship with us, may evaluate our business or other practices according to a variety of ESG standards and expectations. 
 
 Some of our regulators have proposed ESG rules or announced that they intend to review our practices against ESG standards; others may yet do so. Our investors or others may evaluate our practices by ESG criteria that are continually evolving and not always clear. These standards and expectations may also reflect contrasting or conflicting values or agendas. Our decisions or priorities must also necessarily and simultaneously, consider our business goals and interests. We define our own corporate purpose, in part, by the sustainability of our practices and our impact on all our stakeholders. Our practices may not change in the way or at the rate all or any stakeholders expect. As a result, our efforts to conduct our business in accordance with some or all these expectations may involve compromises, at least in the short run. We may fail to meet our ESG commitments or targets. Our policies and processes to evaluate and manage ESG standards in coordination with other business priorities may not be completely effective or satisfy investors, regulators, or other stakeholders. We may face adverse regulatory, investor, or other public stakeholder scrutiny resulting in business, reputational, or legal challenges. 
 
 The market price of our common stock could be volatile and could decline. 
 
 Stock markets have experienced extreme volatility in recent years that has been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. In addition, the market price of our common stock could fluctuate significantly due to, among other factors, our results of operations and any capital markets activities, investors perceptions of us relative to other companies in the insurance industry and other industries, and any related actions on the part of regulators or rating agencies. 
 
 49 

Part I | Item 1A. Risk Factors 

 Anti-takeover provisions in our certificate of incorporation and by-laws could discourage, delay, or prevent a change of control of our Company and could affect the trading price of our common stock. 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation and our by-laws contain provisions that could discourage, delay, or prevent a change in our management or control over us, which shareholders consider favorable. For example, our certificate of incorporation and by-laws collectively: 
 
 authorize the issuance of shares of common stock to create voting impediments or to frustrate persons seeking to effect a takeover or gain control; 
 authorize the issuance of blank check preferred stock that could be issued by our Board of Directors to thwart a takeover attempt; 
 provide that, vacancies on our Board of Directors, including vacancies resulting from an enlargement of our Board of Directors, may be filled only by a majority vote of Directors then in office; 
 prohibit shareholder action by written consent, thereby requiring all actions to be taken at a meeting of the shareholders; and 
 establish advance notice requirements for nominations of candidates for election as directors or to bring other business before an annual meeting of our shareholders. 
 
 These provisions could prevent our shareholders from receiving the benefit from any premium to the market price of our common stock offered by a bidder in a takeover context. Even in the absence of a takeover attempt, the existence of these provisions could adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock if the provisions are viewed as discouraging takeover attempts in the future. 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation and by-laws could also make it difficult for shareholders to replace or remove our management. Furthermore, the existence of the foregoing provisions could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of common stock. These provisions could facilitate management entrenchment that could delay, deter, render more difficult or prevent a change in our control, which may not be in the best interests of our shareholders. 
 
 Applicable insurance laws could make it difficult to effect a change of control of our Company. 
 
 The insurance laws and regulations of the various states in which our insurance subsidiaries are organized could delay or impede a business combination involving us. State insurance laws prohibit an entity from acquiring control of an insurance company without the prior approval of the domestic insurance regulator. Under most states statutes, an entity is presumed to have control of an insurance company if it owns, directly or indirectly, 10 or more of the voting stock of that insurance company or its parent company. These regulatory restrictions could delay, deter, or prevent a potential merger or sale of our company, even if our Board of Directors decides that it is in the best interests of shareholders for us to merge or be sold. These restrictions also could delay sales by us or acquisitions by third parties of our insurance subsidiaries. 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or the federal courts, as applicable, as the sole and exclusive forum for certain litigation that may be initiated by our shareholders, which could limit our shareholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or shareholders. 
 
 Our certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed to us or our shareholders by any of our current or former directors, officers, other associates, agents or shareholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising out of or under the Delaware General Corporation Law ("DGCL"), or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (including, without limitation, any action asserting a claim arising out of or pursuant to our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws) or (iv) any action asserting a claim that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Unless we consent to an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the U.S. will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Neither this provision nor the exclusive forum provision will mean that shareholders have waived our compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. The choice of forum provisions in our certificate of incorporation will limit our shareholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or any of our current or former directors, officers, other associates, agents or shareholders, which could discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. Or, a court could determine that the exclusive forum provision is unenforceable. If a court were to find the choice of forum provision 
 50 

Part I | Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

 contained in our certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more specified types of actions and proceedings, we could incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 We currently own and occupy the buildings comprising our corporate headquarters campus and related properties in Lansing, Michigan as well as our regional headquarters in Franklin, Tennessee. We also have leases for the following offices: 
 
 District of Columbia under a lease that expires in 2029; 
 Chicago, Illinois under a lease that in expires in 2029; 
 Schaumburg, Illinois under a lease that expires in 2025; and 
 East Lansing, Michigan under a lease that expires in 2024. 
 
 We believe our properties are adequate and suitable for our business as currently conducted and are adequately maintained. All of our offices include operations across all of our reporting segments. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 For a discussion of legal proceedings, see Note 14 to Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K , which is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 

51 

Part II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Market Information 
 
 Jackson Financial's common stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol, "JXN", and began trading on September 20, 2021. Prior to that date, there was no public trading market for our common stock. On January 18, 2023, the approximate number of shareholders of record at the close of business on that date was 42,000. 
 
 Equity Compensation Plans 
 
 Our table of equity compensation plans will be included in the definitive proxy statement for the Company's 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year pursuant to Regulation 14A. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program (2) 
 Maximum Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program (in millions) (2) 
 October 1, 2022 - October 31, 2022 (1) 
 Share repurchase program 792,105 31.58 792,105 119 Employee transactions (3) 
 114,761 N/A N/A N/A November 1, 2022 - November 30, 2022 Share repurchase program 250,000 37.67 250,000 109 Employee transactions (3) 
 N/A N/A N/A N/A December 1, 2022 - December 31, 2022 Share repurchase program 100,000 36.32 100,000 106 Employee transactions (3) 
 17,047 N/A N/A Totals Share repurchase program 1,142,105 1,142,105 Employee transactions (3) 
 131,808 N/A 1,273,913 1,142,105 
 
 (1) Includes repurchases of shares under share repurchase agreements with Athene. 
 (2) On February 27, 2023, our Board of Directors authorized an increase of 450 million to the existing share repurchase authorization. For more information on common stock repurchases, see Note 22 to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-K. 
 (3) Includes shares withheld pursuant to the terms of awards under the Company's 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan to offset tax withholding obligations that occur upon vesting and release of shares, which are treated as share repurchases. The value of the shares withheld is the closing price of common stock of Jackson Financial Inc. on the date the relevant transaction occurs. 
 
 52 

Part II | Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

 Common Stock Performance Graph 
 
 The graph and table, below, compare the total return on our common stock with the total return on the S P Global Ratings S P 500, S P 500 Insurance, S P 500 Financials, and S P Insurance Select Industry indices, respectively, between September 20, 2021 (the date that our common stock commenced regular way trading on the NYSE) through December 31, 2022. The graph and table show the total return on a hypothetical 100 investment in our shares of common stock and in each index, respectively, on September 20, 2021, including the reinvestment of all dividends. 

9/20/2021 12/31/2021 03/31/2022 06/30/2022 09/30/2022 12/31/2022 Jackson Financial Inc. 100 162.50 174.23 107.00 112.99 141.65 S P 500 Index 100 109.37 103.96 86.87 82.28 88.11 S P 500 Insurance Index 100 107.51 116.53 104.36 100.16 116.26 S P 500 Financial Index 100 106.77 104.73 85.96 82.85 93.58 S P Insurance Select Industry Index 100 106.97 111.32 100.32 95.74 108.77 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 53 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Executive Summary 
 
 This executive summary of Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation highlights selected information and may not contain all the information that is important to current or potential investors in our securities. You should read this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the "Form 10-K") in its entirety for a more detailed description of events, trends, uncertainties, risks and critical accounting estimates affecting us. 
 
 Discussion related to the results of operations for the Company's comparison of 2021 results to 2020 results have been omitted in this Form 10-K. The Company's comparison of 2021 results to 2020 results is included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year en ded December 31, 2021 , un der Part II, Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Executive Summary and Results of Operations . 
 
 Jackson Financial Inc. Jackson Financial along with its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company, which also may be referred to as we, our or us ), is a financial services company focused on helping Americans grow and protect their savings and income to enable them to pursue financial freedom for life. We believe that we are uniquely positioned in our markets because of our differentiated products, well-known brand and disciplined risk management. Our market leadership is supported by our efficient and scalable operating platform and industry-leading distribution network. We believe these core strengths will enable us to grow profitably as an aging, U.S. population transitions into retirement. 
 
 We offer a diverse suite of annuities to retail investors in the U.S. Our variable annuities have been among the best-selling products of their kind in the U.S., primarily due to the differentiated features we offer as compared to our competitors, in particular the wider range of investment options and greater freedom to invest across multiple investment options. We also offer fixed index annuities and fixed annuities. In the fourth quarter of 2021, our primary life insurance subsidiary, Jackson National Life Insurance Company Jackson and its insurance subsidiaries successfully launched Jackson Market Link Pro SM and Jackson Market Link Pro Advisory SM , its commission and advisory based suite of registered index-linked annuities ("RILA"). Also in the fourth quarter of 2021, we entered the defined contribution market as a carrier in the AllianceBernstein Lifetime Income Strategy ("AllianceBernstein"). 
 
 We manage our business through three segments: Retail Annuities, Institutional Products, and Closed Life and Annuity Blocks. We report certain activities and items that are not included in these segments, including the results of PPMH, the holding company of PPM, which manages the majority of our general account investment portfolio, in Corporate and Other. See Note 3 to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on our segments . 
 
 There are several significant events that have affected, or are expected to affect, us, including: 
 
 Demerger from Prudential : We were previously a majority-owned subsidiary of Prudential plc Prudential ), London, England and served as the holding company for its U.S. operations. The demerger, or separation, from Prudential was completed September 13, 2021 (the "Demerger"), and we are now an independent U.S. public company. Prudential retained an equity interest in us, which, as a result of Prudential's sales subsequent to the Demerger, represents 9.2 beneficial ownership of our outstanding common stock as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Common Stock Split : On September 9, 2021, Jackson Financial effected a 104,960.3836276-for-1 stock split of its Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock by way of a reclassification of its Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock. All share and earnings per share information presented in this Form 10-K have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the stock split. On June 9, 2022, our shareholders approved the Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, which eliminated the Class B Common Stock. As a result, our Class A Common Stock became simply, common stock. 
 
 Athene Transactions : On June 18, 2020, Jackson announced that it entered into a funds withheld coinsurance agreement (the Athene Reinsurance Agreement with Athene Life Re Ltd. Athene ), effective June 1, 2020, to reinsure on a 100 quota share basis, a block of Jackson s in-force fixed and fixed-index annuity product liabilities in exchange for a 1.2 billion ceding commission (the Athene Reinsurance Transaction ). As a result, 
 54 

Part II | Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | Executive Summary 

 we hold various investments whose economic performance accrues to Athene but are reported in our financial statements. In July 2020, Athene invested 500 million of capital into the Company for an equity interest. In August 2020, the Company contributed 500 million, as a capital contribution to Jackson. Athene has an equity interest in us, which as a result of Athene's sales subsequent to the Demerger, represents 1.9 beneficial ownership of our outstanding common stock as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Common Stock Repurchases: Since the Demerger and through December 31, 2022, we have repurchased 13,425,218 shares of our common stock for an aggregate consideration of 494 million. After giving effect to those repurchases and issuances for our equity-based compensation programs, we had 11,784,813 shares of treasury stock and 82,690,098 shares of common stock outstanding at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Inflation Reduction Act of 2022: As discussed in Note 13 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K, on August 16, 2022, the U.S. governme nt enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA which, among other changes, created a new corporate alternative minimum tax AMT based on "adjusted financial statement income," rather than reported taxable income, and imposed a 1 excise tax on corporate stock repurchases. The AMT provision is effective January 1, 2023. We expect that we will be subject to the AMT beginning in 2023. We expect any AMT incurred to be treated as a taxable temporary difference, and recorded as a deferred tax asset, so it is not expected to have a direct impact on total income tax expense; although it could affect our cash tax liabilities. As of December 31, 2022, we have not recorded any provision for the AMT. The calculation of adjusted financial statement income, and therefore the AMT, is subject to the issuance of regulatory guidance by the U.S. Department of the Treasury, which is expected throughout 2023. Any excise tax incurred on corporate stock repurchases will generally be recognized as part of the cost basis of the treasury stock acquired and not reported as part of income tax expense. We continue to monitor developments and regulations associated with the IRA for any potential future impacts on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. See Part I. Item 1A, Risk Factors, in this Report. 
 
 Our U.S. GAAP results have been affected by the variability associated with our amortization of deferred acquisition costs ("DAC") and are affected by the fact that our use of derivatives does not qualify for U.S. GAAP hedge accounting treatment, resulting in the derivatives being marked to market each reporting period. See Critical Accounting Estimates below for more information. 
 
 Also, an understanding of several key operating measures, including sales, account value, net flows, benefit base and assets under management ("AUM"), is helpful to evaluating our results. See Key Operating Measures below. Finally, we are affected by various economic, industry and regulatory trends, which are described below under Macroeconomic, Industry and Regulatory Trends. 

Impact of Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 For a complete discussion of new accounting pronouncements affecting us, s ee Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 
 As discussed in Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Report, we will be adopting Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2018-12, Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts LDTI ), for our fiscal year beginning January 1, 2023, with a transition date of January 1, 2021. Based upon the elected transition methods, the Company expects the adoption of the standard to result in a decrease to the Company's total equity of approximately 3 billion at the transition date of January 1, 2021. The estimated negative impact at the transition date is now an estimated positive impact to the Company's total equity, as of December 31, 2022, primarily due to higher interest rates and is comprised of a reduction in retained earnings that is more than offset by an increase in accumulated other comprehensive income. See further discussion in Note 2 for the significant changes associated with this future change in accounting principle . 
 
 55 

Part II | Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 In addition to presenting our results of operations and financial condition in accordance with U.S. GAAP, we use and report, selected non-GAAP financial measures. Management believes that the use of these non-GAAP financial measures, together with relevant U.S. GAAP financial measures, provides a better understanding of our results of operations, financial condition and the underlying performance drivers of our business. These non-GAAP financial measures should be considered supplementary to our results of operations and financial condition that are presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP and should not be viewed as a substitute for the U.S. GAAP financial measures. Other companies may use similarly titled non-GAAP financial measures that are calculated differently from the way we calculate such measures. Consequently, our non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to similar measures used by other companies. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be viewed as substitutes for the most directly comparable financial measures calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 
 Adjusted Operating Earnings 
 
 Adjusted Operating Earnings is an after-tax non-GAAP financial measure, which we believe should be used to evaluate our financial performance on a consolidated basis by excluding certain items that may be highly variable from period to period due to accounting treatment under U.S. GAAP or that are non-recurring in nature, as well as certain other revenues and expenses that we do not view as driving our underlying performance. Adjusted Operating Earnings should not be used as a substitute for net income as calculated in accordance with U.S. GAAP. However, we believe the adjustments to net income are useful for gaining an understanding of our overall results of operations. 
 
 Adjusted Operating Earnings equals our net income adjusted to eliminate the impact of the following items: 
 
 1. Guaranteed Benefits and Hedging Results: the fees attributed to guaranteed benefits, the associated movements in optional guaranteed benefit liabilities and related claims and benefit payments are excluded from Adjusted Operating Earnings, as we believe this approach appropriately removes the impact to both revenue and related expenses associated with the guaranteed benefit features that are offered for certain of our variable annuities and fixed index annuities and gives investors a better picture of what is driving our underlying performance. This adjustment includes the following components: 
 
 Fees Attributable to Guarantee Benefits: fees earned in conjunction with guaranteed benefit features offered for certain of our variable annuities and fixed index annuities are set at a level intended to mitigate the cost of hedging and funding the liabilities associated with such guaranteed benefit features. The full amount of the fees attributable to guaranteed benefit features have been excluded from Adjusted Operating Earnings as the related net movements in freestanding derivatives and net reserve and embedded derivative movements, as described below, have been excluded from Adjusted Operating Earnings. This adjusted presentation of our earnings is intended to directly align revenue and related expenses associated with the guaranteed benefit features; 
 
 Net Movement in Freestanding Derivatives, except earned income (periodic settlements and changes in settlement accruals) on derivatives that are hedges of investments, but do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment : changes in the fair value of our freestanding derivatives used to manage the risk associated with our life and annuity reserves, including those arising from the guaranteed benefit features offered for certain of our variable annuities and fixed index annuities. Net movements in freestanding derivatives have been excluded from Adjusted Operating Earnings as the market value of these derivatives may vary significantly from period to period as a result of near-term market conditions and therefore are not directly comparable or reflective of the underlying performance of our business; 
 
 Net Reserve and Embedded Derivative Movements : changes in the valuation of certain life and annuity reserves, a portion of which are accounted for as embedded derivative instruments, and which are primarily composed of variable and fixed index annuity reserves, including those arising from the guaranteed benefit features offered for certain of our variable annuities. Net reserve and embedded derivative movements have been excluded from Adjusted Operating Earnings as the carrying values of these derivatives may vary significantly from period to period as the result of near-term market conditions and policyholder behavior-related inputs and therefore are not directly comparable or reflective of the underlying performance of our business. Movements in reserves attributable to the 
 56 

Part II | Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

 current period claims and benefit payments in excess of a customer s account value on these policies are also excluded from Adjusted Operating Earnings as these benefit payments are affected by near-term market conditions and policyholder behavior-related inputs and therefore may vary significantly from period to period; 
 
 DAC and Deferred Sales Inducements ("DSI") Impact: amortization of deferred acquisition costs and DSI associated with the items excluded from Adjusted Operating Earnings; 
 
 Assumption changes: the impact on the valuation of Net Derivative and Reserve Movements, including amortization on DAC, arising from changes in underlying actuarial assumptions on an annual basis; 
 
 2. Net Realized Investment Gains and Losses including change in fair value of funds withheld embedded derivative: Realized investment gains and losses associated with the periodic sales or disposals of securities, excluding those held within our trading portfolio, as well as impairments of securities, after adjustment for the non-credit component of the impairment charges and change in fair value of funds withheld embedded derivative related to the Athene Reinsurance Transaction; 
 
 3. Loss on Athene Reinsurance Transaction: includes contractual ceding commission, cost of reinsurance write-off and DAC and DSI write-off related to the Athene Reinsurance Transaction; 
 
 4. Net investment income on funds withheld assets : includes net investment income on funds withheld assets related to funds withheld reinsurance transactions; 
 
 5. Other items : one-time or other non-recurring items, such as costs relating to the Demerger and our separation from Prudential, the impact of discontinued operations and investments that are consolidated on our financial statements due to U.S. GAAP accounting requirements, such as our investments in CLOs, but for which the consolidation effects are not aligned with our economic interest or exposure to those entities. 
 
 Operating income taxes are calculated using the prevailing corporate federal income tax rate of 21 while taking into account any items recognized differently in our financial statements and federal income tax returns, including the dividends received deduction and other tax credits. For interim reporting periods, the Company uses an estimated annual effective tax rate ETR in computing its tax provision including consideration of discrete items. 
 
 In connection with preparing for the Demerger and our operation as a separate, publicly traded company, we incurred one-time and recurring expenses of approximately 2 million and 51 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, which are included in Other Items. 

57 

Part II | Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

 The following is a reconciliation of Adjusted Operating Earnings to Net income (loss) attributable to Jackson Financial Inc., the most comparable U.S. GAAP measure. 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) Net income (loss) attributable to Jackson Financial Inc. 5,697 3,183 (1,634) Income tax expense (benefit) 1,371 602 (854) Pretax income (loss) attributable to Jackson Financial Inc. 7,068 3,785 (2,488) Non-operating adjustments (income) loss: Guaranteed benefits and hedging results: Fees attributable to guarantee benefit reserves (3,077) (2,854) (2,509) Net movement in freestanding derivatives 2,744 5,674 4,662 Net reserve and embedded derivative movements (2,891) (2,753) 3,184 DAC and DSI impact 1,214 266 (1,261) Assumption changes (367) (24) (128) Total guaranteed benefits and hedging results (2,377) 309 3,948 Net realized investment gains (losses) including change in fair value of funds withheld embedded derivative (1,827) (161) (817) Loss on Athene Reinsurance Transaction 2,082 Net investment income on funds withheld assets (1,254) (1,188) (792) Other items 22 36 41 Total non-operating adjustments (5,436) (1,004) 4,462 Pretax Adjusted Operating Earnings 1,632 2,781 1,974 Operating income taxes 189 383 94 Adjusted Operating Earnings 1,443 2,398 1,880 
 
 Adjusted Book Value and Adjusted Operating ROE 
 
 We use Adjusted Operating Return on Equity ("ROE") to manage our business and evaluate our financial performance. Adjusted Operating ROE excludes items that vary from period to period due to accounting treatment under U.S. GAAP or that are non-recurring in nature, as such items may distort the underlying performance of our business. We calculate Adjusted Operating ROE by dividing our Adjusted Operating Earnings by average Adjusted Book Value. Adjusted Book Value excludes Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) ("AOCI") attributable to Jackson Financial Inc ("JFI"). AOCI attributable to JFI excludes AOCI arising from investments held within the funds withheld account related to the Athene Reinsurance Transaction. We exclude AOCI attributable to JFI from Adjusted Book Value because our invested assets are generally invested to closely match the duration of our liabilities, which are longer duration in nature, and therefore we believe period-to-period fair market value fluctuations in AOCI to be inconsistent with this objective. We believe excluding AOCI attributable to JFI is more useful to investors in analyzing trends in our business. 
 
 Adjusted Book Value and Adjusted Operating ROE should not be used as substitutes for total shareholders equity and ROE as calculated using annualized net income and average equity in accordance with U.S. GAAP. However, we believe the adjustments to equity and earnings are useful to gaining an understanding of our overall results of operations. 

58 

Part II | Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

 The following is a reconciliation of Adjusted Book Value to total shareholders equity and a comparison of Adjusted Operating ROE to ROE, the most comparable U.S. GAAP measure: 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) Net income (loss) attributable to Jackson Financial Inc. 5,697 3,183 (1,634) Adjusted Operating Earnings 1,443 2,398 1,880 Total shareholders' equity 8,423 10,394 9,429 Adjustments to total shareholders equity: Exclude accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss attributable to Jackson Financial Inc. (1) 
 3,375 (1,457) (2,608) Adjusted Book Value 11,798 8,937 6,821 ROE on average equity 60.7 31.5 (20.1) Adjusted Operating ROE on average equity 13.2 28.6 27.6 (1) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) of (2,106) million and 287 million related to the investments held within the funds withheld account related to the Athene Reinsurance Transaction as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are not attributable to Jackson Financial Inc. and are therefore not included as an adjustment to total shareholders equity in the reconciliation of Adjusted Book Value to total shareholders equity. 

59 

Part II | Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | 
 Key Operating Measures 

Key Operating Measures 
 
 We use a number of operating measures, discussed below, that management believes provide useful information about our businesses and the operational factors underlying our financial performance. 
 
 Sales 
 
 Sales of annuities and institutional products include all money deposited by customers into new and existing contracts. We believe sales statistics are useful to gaining an understanding of, among other things, the attractiveness of our products, how we can best meet our customers needs, evolving industry product trends and the performance of our business from period to period. 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) Sales Variable annuities 13,638 19,073 16,621 RILA 1,811 108 Fixed Index Annuities 126 115 997 Fixed Annuities 162 33 327 Total Retail Annuity Sales 15,737 19,329 17,945 Total Institutional Product Sales 2,398 475 1,284 Total Sales 18,135 19,804 19,229 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, total sales decreased by 1,669 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Lower retail sales were primarily due to decreased sales of our variable annuities with lifetime living benefits, the decline in equity markets, and shifting consumer preferences in a rising interest rate environment. The lower sales were partially offset by sales of our lifetime income solutions offering in the defined contribution market and our new RILA product, which were launched in the fourth quarter of 2021. Sales of fixed index and fixed annuities increased in 2022 due to the rising interest rate environment, which enabled more favorable pricing actions. In addition, sales of our institutional products were higher by 1,923 million, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Account Value 
 
 Account value generally equals the account value of our variable annuities, RILA, fixed index annuities, fixed annuities, interest sensitive life, and institutional products. It reflects the total amount of customer invested assets that have accumulated within a respective product and equals cumulative customer contributions, which includes gross deposits or premiums, plus accrued credited interest plus or minus the impact of market movements, as applicable, less withdrawals and various fees. We believe account value is a useful metric in providing an understanding of, among other things, the sources of potential fee income generation, potential benefit obligations and risk management priorities. 
 
 60 

Part II | Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | 
 Key Operating Measures 

 December 31, 2022 2021 (in millions) Account Value GMWB For Life 149,706 188,078 GMWB 5,674 7,318 GMIB 1,356 1,808 No Living Benefits 49,073 60,719 Total Variable Annuity Account Value 205,809 257,923 RILA 1,875 110 Fixed Index Annuity (1) 
 415 291 Fixed Annuity (1) 
 1,219 1,099 Total Fixed Fixed Index Annuity Account Value 1,634 1,390 Total Retail Annuities Account Value 209,318 259,423 Total Institutional Products Account Value 9,019 8,830 Total Closed Life and Annuity Blocks Account Value (2) 
 8,407 8,778 (1) Net of reinsurance to Athene. 
 (2) Excludes payout annuities and traditional life insurance without account value. 

Net Flows 
 
 Net flows represent the net change in customer account balances during a period, including gross premiums, surrenders, withdrawals and benefits. Net flows exclude investment performance, interest credited to customer accounts, transfers between fixed and variable benefits for variable annuities and policy charges. We believe net flows is a useful metric in providing an understanding of, among other things, sales, ongoing premiums and deposits, the changes in account value from period to period, sources of potential fee income and policyholder behavior. 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) Net Flows: Variable Annuity (2,407) (1,011) 1,788 RILA 1,803 108 Fixed Index Annuity (1) 
 124 106 481 Fixed Annuity (1) 
 90 13 (179) Total Retail Annuities Net Flows (390) (784) 2,090 Net flows ceded to Athene (3,243) (2,577) (1,509) Total Retail Annuities net flows, Gross of Reinsurance (3,633) (3,361) 581 Total Institutional Products Net Flows 40 (2,440) (1,517) Total Closed Life and Annuity Blocks Net Flows (2) 
 (296) (267) (293) (1) Net of reinsurance to Athene. 
 (2) Excludes payout annuities and traditional life insurance without account value. 

Net flows, net of reinsurance, improved for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, driven by the increased sales of RILA and institutional products which has a positive effect on net flows. 
 
 61 

Part II | Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | 
 Key Operating Measures 

 Benefit Base 
 
 Benefit base refers to a notional amount that represents the value of a customer s guaranteed benefit, and therefore may be a different value from the invested assets in a customer s account value. The benefit base may be used to calculate the fees for a customer s guaranteed benefits within an annuity contract. The guaranteed death benefit and guaranteed living benefit within the same contract may not have the same benefit base. We believe benefit base is a useful metric for our variable annuity policies in providing an understanding of, among other things, fee income generation, potential optional guarantee benefit obligations and risk management priorities. The following table shows variable annuity account value and benefit base as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Account Value Benefit Base Account Value Benefit Base (in millions) No Living Benefits 49,073 N/A 60,719 N/A By Guaranteed Living Benefits: GMWB for Life 149,706 189,814 188,078 183,626 GMWB 5,674 5,655 7,318 5,860 GMIB (1) 
 1,356 1,929 1,808 2,059 Total 205,809 197,398 257,923 191,545 By Guaranteed Death Benefit: Return of AV (No GMDB) 25,049 N/A 30,337 N/A Return of Premium 157,339 138,419 197,544 135,034 Highest Anniversary Value 12,128 14,272 15,599 14,767 Rollup 3,229 4,695 4,188 4,850 Combination HAV/Rollup 8,064 10,297 10,255 10,402 Total 205,809 167,683 257,923 165,053 (1) Substantially all our GMIB benefits are reinsured. 

Assets Under Management 
 
 AUM, or assets under management, refers to investment assets that are managed by one of our subsidiaries and includes: (i) the assets in our investment portfolio managed by PPM, which excludes assets held in funds withheld accounts for reinsurance transactions, (ii) third party assets managed by PPM, including those for Prudential and its affiliates or third parties, and (iii) the separate account assets of our Retail Annuities segment that Jackson National Asset Management ("JNAM") manages and administers. Total AUM reflects exclusions between segments to avoid double counting. We believe AUM is a useful metric for understanding of, among other things, the sources of our earnings, net investment income and performance of our invested assets, customer directed investments and risk management priorities. 
 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (in millions) Jackson Invested Assets 44,486 47,224 Third Party Invested Assets (including CLOs) 26,993 31,980 Total PPM AUM 71,479 79,204 Total JNAM AUM 219,070 280,250 Total AUM 290,549 359,454 
 
 Total AUM decreased for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, driven by a decline in separate account balances managed by JNAM due to negative equity market returns over the last year. 
 
 62 

Part II | Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | Macroeconomic, Industry and Regulatory Trends 

 Macroeconomic, Industry and Regulatory Trends 
 
 We discuss a number of trends and uncertainties below that we believe could materially affect our future business performance, including our results of operations, our investments, our cash flows, and our capital and liquidity position. 
 
 Macroeconomic and Financial Market Conditions 
 
 Our business and results of operations are affected by macroeconomic factors. The level of interest rates and shape of the yield curve, credit and equity market performance and equity volatility, regulation, tax policy, the level of U.S. employment, inflation and the overall economic growth rate can affect both our short and long-term profitability. Monetary and fiscal policy in the U.S., or similar actions in foreign nations, could result in increased volatility in financial markets, including interest rates, currencies and equity markets, and could impact our business in both the short-term and medium-term. Political events, including precautions with the COVID-19 pandemic, civil unrest, tariffs or other barriers to international trade, and the effects that these or other political events could have on levels of economic activity, could also impact our business through impacts on consumers behavior or impact on financial markets. 
 
 In the short- to medium-term, the potential for increased volatility could pressure sales and reduce demand for our products as consumers consider purchasing alternative products to meet their objectives. Our financial performance can be adversely affected by market volatility and equity market declines if fees assessed on the account value of our annuities fluctuate, hedging costs increase and revenues decline due to reduced sales and increased outflows. 
 
 Equity Market Environment 
 
 Our financial performance is impacted by the performance of equity markets. For example, our variable annuities earn fees based on the account value, which changes with equity market levels. After a very volatile 2020, U.S. equity markets performed well in 2021, with the S P 500 generally at or near all-time highs throughout the year. In 2022, equity markets declined and equity volatility increased, resulting in higher hedging costs. The financial performance of our hedging program could be impacted by large directional market movements or periods of high volatility. In particular, our hedges could be less effective in periods of large directional movements or we could experience more frequent or more costly rebalancing in periods of high volatility, which would lead to adverse performance versus our hedge targets and increased hedging costs. Further, we are also exposed to basis risk, which results from our inability to purchase or sell hedge assets whose performance is perfectly correlated to the performance of the funds into which customers allocate their assets. We make funds available to customers where we believe we can transact in sufficiently correlated hedge assets, and we anticipate some variance in the performance of our hedge assets and customer funds. This variance may result in our hedge assets outperforming or underperforming the customer assets they are intended to match. This variance may be exacerbated during periods of high volatility, leading to a mismatch in our hedge results relative to our hedge targets and U.S GAAP results. 
 
 Interest Rate Environment 
 
 The interest rate environment has affected, and will continue to affect our business and financial performance in the future for the following reasons: 
 
 Periods of sharp rises in interest rates, as we have seen recently as a result of the Federal Reserve's actions and signals about upcoming interest rate decisions, impact investment related activity including investment income returns, net investment spread results, new money rates, mortgage loan prepayments, and bond redemptions. Due to increases in interest rates, the yield on new investments has generally exceeded the yield on asset maturities and redemptions (runoff yield). Rising interest rates also impact the hedging results of our variable annuity business as the market value of interest rate hedges decline driving immediate hedging losses. We would expect lower hedging costs and reduced levels of hedging going forward. Further, we expect near-term hedging losses from rising rates may be more than offset by changes in the fair value of the related guaranteed benefit liabilities as was the case for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Interest rate increases also expose us to disintermediation risk, where higher rates make currently sold fixed annuity products more attractive while simultaneously reducing the market value of assets backing our liabilities. This creates an incentive for our customers to lapse their products in an environment where selling assets causes us to realize losses. 
 
 63 

Part II | Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | Macroeconomic, Industry and Regulatory Trends 

 Additionally, our statutory total adjusted capital ("TAC") may be negatively impacted by rising rates due to minimum required reserving levels (i.e., cash surrender value floor) when reserve releases are limited and unable to offset interest rate hedging losses. Statutory required capital, or company action level ("CAL") will generally decline in rising interest rate environments. The RBC ratio may increase or decrease depending on the interaction between TAC and the CAL movements which could impact available dividends from our insurance subsidiaries. 
 
 We operated in a low interest rate environment for several years. A prolonged low interest rate environment subjects us to increased hedging costs or an increase in the amount of statutory reserves that our insurance subsidiaries are required to hold for optional guaranteed benefits, decreasing statutory surplus, which would adversely affect their ability to pay dividends. Certain inputs to the statutory models rely on prescribed interest rates, which are determined using a historical interest rate perspective with a mean reversion path over the longer term. In addition, low interest rates could also increase the perceived value of optional guaranteed benefit features to our customers, which in turn could lead to a higher utilization of withdrawal or annuitization features of annuity policies and higher persistency of those products over time. 
 
 Finally, some of our annuities have a guaranteed minimum interest crediting rate. These guaranteed minimum interest crediting rates may not be lowered, even if earnings on our investment portfolio decline, resulting in net investment spread compression that negatively impacts earnings. More customers are expected to hold policies with comparatively high guaranteed minimum interest crediting rates longer in a low interest rate environment, which may result in lower than previously expected lapse rates. Similarly, we expect customers would be less likely to hold policies if existing guaranteed minimum interest crediting rates are perceived to have less value as interest rates rise, which may result in higher than previously expected lapse rates. 
 
 Credit Market Environment 
 
 Our financial performance is impacted by conditions in fixed income markets. After tightening in 2021, credit spreads widened in 2022. As credit spreads widen, the fair value of our existing investment portfolio generally decreases, although we generally expect the widening spreads to increase the yield on new fixed income investments. Conversely, as credit spreads tighten, the fair value of our existing investment portfolio generally increases, and the yield available on new investment purchases decreases. While changing credit spreads impact the fair value of our investment portfolio, this revaluation is generally reflected in our AOCI. The revaluation will impact net income for realized gains or losses from the sale of securities, the change in fair value of trading securities or securities carried at fair value under the fair value election, or potential changes in the allowance for credit loss ("ACL"). In addition, if credit conditions deteriorate due to a recession or other negative credit events in capital markets, we could experience an increase in defaults and other-than-temporary-impairments OTTI ). 
 
 OTTI in our underlying investments would result in a reduction in TAC held by our insurance company subsidiaries. Also, shifts in the credit quality or credit rating downgrades of our investments as a result of stressed credit conditions may also impact the level of regulatory required statutory capital for our insurance company subsidiaries. As such, significant credit rating downgrades along with elevated defaults and OTTI losses would negatively impact our RBC ratio which could impact available dividends from our insurance subsidiaries. 
 
 Pandemics and Other Public Health Crises 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic disrupted our business and contributed to additional operating costs over the past several years. While the effects of that pandemic appear to be subsiding, other pandemics, epidemics or disease outbreaks in the U.S. or globally could disrupt our business by affecting how we protect and interact with our critical workforce, customers, key vendors, third-party suppliers, or counterparties with whom we transact. Disruption could result from an inability of those persons to work or transact effectively due to illness, quarantines, and government actions in response to public health emergencies. The extent and severity of governmental actions will necessarily depend on the extent and severity of the perceived emergency. We have risk management plans in place and have been able to navigate through COVID-19 with remote and hybrid work environments; however, those plans may be challenged by a new public health emergency. 
 
 Consumer Behavior 
 
 We believe that many retirees have begun to look to tax-efficient savings products as a tool for addressing their unmet need for retirement planning. We believe our products are well positioned to meet this increasing consumer demand. However, 
 64 

Part II | Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | Macroeconomic, Industry and Regulatory Trends 

 consumer behavior may be impacted by increased economic uncertainty, unemployment rates, declining equity markets, significant changes in interest rates and increased volatility of financial markets. In recent years, we have introduced new products to better address changes in consumer demand and targeted distribution channels which meet changes in consumer preferences. 
 
 Demographics 
 
 We expect demographic trends in the U.S. population, in particular the increase in the number of retirement age individuals, to generate significant demand for our products. In addition, the potential risk to government social safety net programs and shifting of responsibility for retirement planning and financial security from employers and other institutions to employees, highlights the need for individuals to plan for their long-term financial security and will create additional opportunities to generate sustained demand for our products. We believe we are well positioned to capture the increased demand generated by these demographic trends. 
 
 Regulatory Policy 
 
 We operate in a highly regulated industry. Our insurance company subsidiaries are regulated primarily at the state level, with some policies and products also subject to federal regulation. As such, regulations recently approved or currently under review at both the U.S. federal and state level could impact our business model, including statutory reserve and capital requirements. We anticipate that our ability to respond to changes in regulation and other legislative activity will be critical to our long-term financial performance. In particular, the following could materially impact our business: 
 
 Department of Labor Fiduciary Advice Rule 
 
 The Department of Labor DOL has issued a regulatory action (the Fiduciary Advice Rule effective February 16, 2021, that reinstates the text of the DOL s 1975 investment advice regulation defining what constitutes fiduciary investment advice to Employee Retirement Income Security Act ("ERISA") Plans and Individual Retirement Accounts ("IRAs") and provides guidance interpreting such regulation. The guidance provided by the DOL broadens the circumstances under which financial institutions, including insurance companies, could be considered fiduciaries under ERISA or the Tax Code. In particular, the DOL states that a recommendation to roll over assets from a qualified retirement plan to an IRA, or from an IRA to another IRA, can be considered fiduciary investment advice if provided by someone with an existing relationship with the ERISA Plan or an IRA owner (or in anticipation of establishing such a relationship). This guidance reverses an earlier DOL interpretation suggesting that roll over advice did not constitute investment advice giving rise to a fiduciary relationship. Because our distribution of annuities is primarily through intermediaries, we believe that we will have limited exposure to the new Fiduciary Advice Rule. Unlike the DOL s previous fiduciary rule issued in 2016, compliance with the Fiduciary Advice Rule will not require us or our distributors to provide the disclosures required for exemptive relief under the previous rule. However, we continue to analyze the impact of the Fiduciary Advice Rule, and, while we cannot predict the rule s impact, it could have an adverse effect on sales of annuities through our distribution partners. The Fiduciary Advice Rule may also lead to changes to our compensation practices and product offerings and increased litigation risk, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We may also need to take certain additional actions to comply with or assist our distributors in their compliance with the Fiduciary Advice Rule. 
 
 Legislative Reforms 
 
 Congress approved the Setting Every Community Up for Retirement Enhancement Act of 2019 (the "SECURE Act") on December 20, 2019. The SECURE Act provides individuals with greater access to retirement products. Namely, it makes it easier for 401(k) programs to offer annuities as an investment option by, among other things, creating a statutory safe harbor in ERISA for a retirement plan s selection of an annuity provider. The SECURE Act represents the largest overhaul to retirement plans in over a decade. On December 29, 2022, SECURE 2.0 Act of 2022 SECURE 2.0 was signed into law as part of a larger omnibus appropriations bill. SECURE 2.0 contains provisions that expand automatic enrollment programs, increase the age of required minimum distributions, and eliminate age requirements for traditional IRA contributions. These changes are intended to expand and increase Americans retirement savings. We view these reforms as beneficial to our business model and expect growth opportunities will arise from the new laws. 
 
 65 

Part II | Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | Consolidated Results of Operations 

 Tax Laws 
 
 All our annuities offer investors the opportunity to benefit from tax deferral. If U.S. tax laws were to change, such that our annuities no longer offer tax-deferred advantages, demand for our products could materially decrease. 

Consolidated Results of Operations 
 
 The following table sets forth, for the periods presented, certain data from our Consolidated Income Statements. The information contained in the table below should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes elsewhere in this Report: 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) Revenues Fee income 7,722 8,059 6,928 Premiums 132 148 187 Net investment income 2,761 3,424 2,818 Net gains (losses) on derivatives and investments 3,851 (2,478) (6,451) Other income 85 94 64 Total revenues 14,551 9,247 3,546 Benefits and Expenses Death, other policy benefits and change in policy reserves, net of deferrals 2,290 970 1,362 Interest credited on other contract holder funds, net of deferrals and amortization 862 834 1,301 Interest expense 113 37 88 Operating costs and other expenses, net of deferrals 2,432 2,839 1,299 Cost of reinsurance 2,520 Amortization of deferred acquisition costs 1,743 520 (533) Total benefits and expenses 7,440 5,200 6,037 Pretax income (loss) 7,111 4,047 (2,491) Income tax expense (benefit) 1,371 602 (854) Net income (loss) 5,740 3,445 (1,637) Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 43 262 (3) Net income (loss) attributable to Jackson Financial Inc. 5,697 3,183 (1,634) Adjusted Operating Earnings Net income (loss) attributable to Jackson Financial Inc. 5,697 3,183 (1,634) Income tax expense (benefit) 1,371 602 (854) Pretax income (loss) attributable to Jackson Financial Inc. 7,068 3,785 (2,488) Non-operating adjustments (income) loss: Fees attributable to guarantee benefit reserves (3,077) (2,854) (2,509) Net movement in freestanding derivatives 2,744 5,674 4,662 Net reserve and embedded derivative movements (2,891) (2,753) 3,184 DAC and DSI impact 1,214 266 (1,261) Assumption changes (367) (24) (128) Total guaranteed benefits and hedging results (2,377) 309 3,948 Net realized investment gains (losses) including change in fair value of funds withheld embedded derivative (1,827) (161) (817) Loss on Athene Reinsurance Transaction 2,082 Net investment income on funds withheld assets (1,254) (1,188) (792) Other items 22 36 41 Total non-operating adjustments (5,436) (1,004) 4,462 Pretax Adjusted Operating Earnings 1,632 2,781 1,974 Operating income taxes 189 383 94 Adjusted Operating Earnings 1,443 2,398 1,880 
 
 66 

Part II | Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | Consolidated Results of Operations 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Pretax Income (Loss) 
 
 Our pretax income (loss) increased by 3,064 million to pretax income of 7,111 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from income of 4,047 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to: 
 
 6,329 million improvement on total net gains (losses) on derivatives and investments as shown in table below and driven by: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Variance (in millions) Net gains (losses) excluding derivatives and funds withheld assets (359) 182 (541) Net gains (losses) on freestanding derivatives (2,704) (5,520) 2,816 Net gains (losses) on embedded derivatives (excluding funds withheld reinsurance) 4,728 2,881 1,847 Net gains (losses) on derivative instruments 2,024 (2,639) 4,663 Net gains (losses) on funds withheld reinsurance 2,186 (21) 2,207 Total net gains (losses) on derivatives and investments 3,851 (2,478) 6,329 
 
 Lower freestanding derivative losses on our equity derivatives primarily driven by significant market decreases in 2022, compared to market increases in the prior year. These gains were partially offset by losses within our interest rate related hedge instruments, reflecting increases in interest rates, as compared to the prior year; 
 Higher benefit recognized on funds withheld reinsurance driven by increased interest rates compared to prior year; and 
 More favorable movements in reserves for guaranteed benefits, primarily driven by more favorable increases in interest rates partially offset by unfavorable equity and equity volatility movements, compared to prior year. 
 
 Primarily offset by: 
 
 Losses on sales of securities recognized on gains (losses) excluding derivatives and funds withheld assets, compared to prior year gains. 
 
 407 million decrease in operating costs and other expenses, net of deferrals, primarily due to lower deferred compensation expense as a result of declines in the value of the underlying liabilities, lower incentive compensation in 2022, lower asset-based non-deferrable commissions and lower sub-advisor expenses due to lower account values during the year ended December 31, 2022, and higher separation costs in 2021. 
 
 These favorable variances were partially offset by: 
 
 1,320 million increase in death, other policy benefits and change in policy reserves primarily due to changes in reserves on variable annuity guarantees accounted for as insurance liabilities driven by unfavorable equity movements in 2022 compared to favorable movements in 2021; 
 1,223 million increase in amortization of deferred acquisition costs driven by lower net freestanding derivative losses and embedded derivative gains in 2022, leading to higher current period gross profits and, therefore, higher current period amortization; 
 663 million decrease in net investment income as a result of lower income on limited partnership investments, which are recorded on a one quarter lag; 
 337 million decrease in fee income primarily due to decreases in variable fee income and asset management fees compared to prior year, partially offset by increases in benefit-based guarantee fee income; and 
 76 million higher interest expense incurred in the current year primarily related to our senior notes, which refinanced our term loan facilities. 
 
 67 

Part II | Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | Consolidated Results of Operations 

 Income Taxes 
 
 Income tax expense increased 769 million to an expense of 1,371 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, from an expense of 602 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 2022 income tax expense represents an effective tax rate of 19 , versus a 2021 income tax expense that represents an effective income tax rate of 16 . Our effective rate typically varies from the marginal statutory rate of 21 due to the impact of permanent tax differences, such as dividends received deduction and foreign tax credits. In addition, income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2021 included 24 million benefit of net interest related to tax refunds and 3 million benefit for the reversal of an uncertain tax position. 

Segment Results of Operations 
 
 We manage our business through three segments: Retail Annuities, Institutional Products, and Closed Life and Annuity Blocks. We report certain activities and items that are not included in these segments, including the results of PPM Holdings, Inc., the holding company of PPM, within Corporate and Other. The following tables and discussion represent an overall view of our results of operations for each segment. 
 
 Pretax Adjusted Operating Earnings by Segment 
 
 The following table summarizes pretax adjusted operating earnings from the Company's business segment operations and also provides a reconciliation of the segment measure to net income on a consolidated U.S. GAAP basis. See also Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Note 3, Segment Information: 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) Pretax Adjusted Operating Earnings by Segment: Retail Annuities 1,626 2,528 2,006 Institutional Products 79 64 85 Closed Life and Annuity Blocks (1) 224 Corporate and Other (72) (35) (117) Pretax Adjusted Operating Earnings 1,632 2,781 1,974 Pre-tax reconciling items from adjusted operating income to net income (loss) attributable to Jackson Financial Inc.: Guaranteed benefits and hedging results: Fees attributable to guarantee benefit reserves 3,077 2,854 2,509 Net movement in freestanding derivatives (2,744) (5,674) (4,662) Net reserve and embedded derivative movements 2,891 2,753 (3,184) DAC and DSI impact (1,214) (266) 1,261 Assumption changes 367 24 128 Total guaranteed benefits and hedging results 2,377 (309) (3,948) Net realized investment gains (losses) including change in fair value of funds withheld embedded derivative 1,827 161 817 Loss on Athene Reinsurance Transaction (2,082) Net investment income on funds withheld assets 1,254 1,188 792 Other items (22) (36) (41) Total pre-tax reconciling items 5,436 1,004 (4,462) Pretax income (loss) attributable to Jackson Financial Inc. 7,068 3,785 (2,488) Income tax expense (benefit) 1,371 602 (854) Net income (loss) attributable to Jackson Financial Inc. 5,697 3,183 (1,634) 

68 

Part II | Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | Segment Results of Operations 

 Retail Annuities 
 
 The following table sets forth, for the periods presented, certain data underlying the pretax adjusted operating earnings results for our Retail Annuities segment. The information contained in the table below should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes appearing elsewhere in this Report: 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) Retail Annuities: Operating Revenues Fee income 4,108 4,636 3,806 Premiums 10 15 27 Net investment income 403 692 956 Income (loss) on operating derivatives 17 52 48 Other income 42 47 30 Total Operating Revenues 4,580 5,442 4,867 Operating Benefits and Expenses Death, other policy benefits and change in policy reserves 59 13 142 Interest credited on other contract holder funds, net of deferrals and amortization 254 226 477 Interest expense 32 22 27 Operating costs and other expenses, net of deferrals 2,174 2,456 2,158 Amortization of deferred acquisition costs 435 197 57 Total Operating Benefits and Expenses 2,954 2,914 2,861 Pretax Adjusted Operating Earnings 1,626 2,528 2,006 
 
 The following table summarizes a roll forward of activity affecting account value for our Retail Annuities segment for the periods indicated: 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) Retail Annuities Account Value: Balance as of beginning of period 259,423 229,965 230,932 Premiums and deposits 15,855 19,467 18,117 Surrenders, withdrawals, and benefits (16,245) (20,251) (16,027) Net flows (390) (784) 2,090 Credited Interest/Investment performance (46,962) 32,831 27,251 Policy Charges and other (2,753) (2,589) (30,308) Balance as of end of period, net of ceded reinsurance 209,318 259,423 229,965 Ceded reinsurance 21,849 24,956 26,775 Balance as of end of period, gross 231,167 284,379 256,740 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Pretax Adjusted Operating Earnings 
 
 Pretax a djusted operating earnings decreased 902 million to 1,626 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 2,528 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to: 
 
 528 million decrease in fee income primarily due to a decrease in average variable annuity account values stemming from unfavorable separate account performance in 2022. 
 289 million decrease in net investment income primarily due to lower levels of investment income on private equity and other limited partnership investments, when compared to the same period in 2021. 
 69 

Part II | Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | Segment Results of Operations 

 238 million increase in amortization of deferred acquisition costs primarily due to lower separate account returns during 2022, which led to decreased expected future gross profits, and therefore higher current period amortization during 2022. 
 
 These decreases were partially offset by: 
 
 282 million decrease in operating costs and other expenses, net of deferrals, primarily due to lower asset-based non-deferrable commissions due to lower account values during 2022, lower deferred compensation expense as a result of declines in the value of the underlying liabilities and lower incentive compensation expenses in 2022. 
 
 Account Value 
 
 Retail annuities account value, net of reinsurance, decreased 50.1 billion between periods primarily due to negative variable annuity separate account returns driven by unfavorable market performance in 2022, as well as negative net flows over the period, primarily from our reinsured fixed and fixed index annuity block. 

Institutional Products 
 
 The following table sets forth, for the periods presented, certain data underlying the pretax adjusted operating earnings results for our Institutional Products segment. The information contained in the table below should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes appearing elsewhere in this Report: 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) Institutional Products: Operating Revenues Net investment income 312 260 355 Income (loss) on operating derivatives (22) (3) Other income 1 Total Operating Revenues 290 257 356 Operating Benefits and Expenses Interest credited on other contract holder funds, net of deferrals and amortization 201 188 250 Interest expense 5 16 Operating costs and other expenses, net of deferrals 5 5 5 Total Operating Benefits and Expenses 211 193 271 Pretax Adjusted Operating Earnings 79 64 85 
 
 The following table summarizes a roll forward of activity affecting account value for our Institutional Products segment for the periods indicated: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) Institutional Products: Balance as of beginning of period 8,830 11,138 12,287 Premiums and deposits 2,398 475 1,284 Surrenders, withdrawals, and benefits (2,358) (2,915) (2,801) Net flows 40 (2,440) (1,517) Credited Interest 201 188 266 Policy Charges and other (52) (56) 102 Balance as of end of period 9,019 8,830 11,138 

70 

Part II | Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | Segment Results of Operations 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Pretax Adjusted Operating Earnings 
 
 Pretax adjusted operating earnings increased 15 million to 79 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 64 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to increased investment income partially offset by higher interest credited and increased losses on operating derivatives, driven by interest rate and foreign exchange movements, compared to prior year. 
 
 Account Value 
 
 Institutional product account value increased from 8,830 million at December 31, 2021 to 9,019 million at December 31, 2022. The increase in account value was driven by new issuances in 2022, partially offset by continued maturities of the existing contracts and funding agreements. 

Closed Life and Annuity Blocks 
 
 The following table sets forth, for the periods presented, certain data underlying the pretax adjusted operating earnings results for our Closed Life and Annuity Blocks segment. The information contained in the table below should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes appearing elsewhere in this Report: 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) Closed Life and Annuity Blocks: Operating Revenues Fee income 474 492 513 Premiums 134 145 172 Net investment income 706 950 778 Income (loss) on operating derivatives 31 72 58 Other income 35 39 25 Total Operating Revenues 1,380 1,698 1,546 Operating Benefits and Expenses Death, other policy benefits and change in policy reserves 838 860 906 Interest credited on other contract holder funds, net of deferrals and amortization 407 420 436 Operating costs and other expenses, net of deferrals 130 180 187 Amortization of deferred acquisition costs 6 14 17 Total Operating Benefits and Expenses 1,381 1,474 1,546 Pretax Adjusted Operating Earnings (1) 224 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Pretax Adjusted Operating Earnings 
 
 Pretax adjusted operating earnings decreased 225 million to a loss of 1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from income of 224 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to: 
 
 244 million decrease in net investment income primarily due to lower levels of investment income on private equity and other limited partnership investments, when compared to the same period in 2021. 
 
 This was partially offset by: 
 
 50 million decrease in operating costs and other expenses, net of deferrals, primarily due to lower deferred and incentive compensation expenses in 2022. 
 
 71 

Part II | Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | Segment Results of Operations 

 Corporate and Other 
 
 Corporate and Other includes the operations of PPM Holdings, Inc., the holding company of PPM, and unallocated corporate revenue and expenses, as well as certain eliminations and consolidation adjustments. The following table sets forth, for the periods presented, certain data underlying the pretax adjusted operating earnings results for Corporate and Other. The information contained in the table below should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes appearing elsewhere in this Report: 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) Corporate and Other: Operating Revenues Fee income 52 65 88 Net investment income 65 55 (35) Income (loss) on operating derivatives 14 32 21 Other income 8 8 8 Total Operating Revenues 139 160 82 Operating Benefits and Expenses Interest expense 76 15 45 Operating costs and other expenses, net of deferrals 123 146 134 Amortization of deferred acquisition costs 12 34 20 Total Operating Benefits and Expenses 211 195 199 Pretax Adjusted Operating Earnings (72) (35) (117) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Pretax Adjusted Operating Earnings 
 
 Pretax adjusted operating earnings decreased 37 million to (72) million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from (35) million for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily due to the following: 
 
 61 million higher interest expense incurred in the current year primarily related to our senior notes. See Note 11 - Long-Term Debt of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 
 This was partially offset by: 
 
 23 million decrease in operating costs and other expenses, net of deferrals, primarily due to lower deferred and incentive compensation expenses in 2022 and higher separation costs in 2021. 
 
 72 

Part II | Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | Investments 

Investments 
 
 Our investment portfolio primarily consists of fixed-income securities and loans, primarily publicly-traded corporate and government bonds, private securities and loans, asset-backed securities and mortgage loans. Asset-backed securities include mortgage-backed and other structured securities. The fair value of these and our other invested assets fluctuates depending on market and other general economic conditions and the interest rate environment and could be adversely impacted by other economic factors. 
 
 Investment Strategy 
 
 Our overall investment strategy is to maintain a diversified and largely investment grade fixed income portfolio that is capital efficient, achieves risk-adjusted returns that support competitive pricing for our products, generates profitable growth of our business and maintains adequate liquidity to support our obligations. The investments within our investment portfolio are primarily managed by PPM, our wholly-owned registered investment advisor. Our investment strategy benefits from PPM s ability to originate investments directly, as well as participate in transactions originated by banks, investment banks, commercial finance companies and other intermediaries. Certain investments held in funds withheld accounts for reinsurance transactions are managed by Apollo Insurance Solutions Group LP ("Apollo"), an Athene affiliate, see Note 8 - Reinsurance of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further details . We may also use other third-party investment managers for certain niche asset classes. As of December 31, 2022, Apollo managed 19.7 billion of cash and investments and other third-party investment managers represented approximately 182 million of investments. 
 
 Our investment program seeks to generate a competitive rate of return on our invested assets to support the profitable growth of our business, while maintaining investment portfolio allocations within the Company s risk tolerance. This means maximizing risk-adjusted return within the context of a largely fixed income portfolio while also managing exposure to downside risk in a stressed environment, regulatory and rating agency capital models, overall portfolio yield, diversification and correlation with other investments and company exposures. 
 
 Our Investment Committee has specified a target strategic asset allocation SAA that is designed to deliver the highest expected return within a defined risk tolerance while meeting other important objectives such as those mentioned in the prior paragraph. The fixed income portion of the SAA is assessed relative to a customized index of public corporate bonds that represents a close approximation of the maturity profile of our liabilities and a credit quality mix that is consistent with our risk tolerance. PPM s objective is to outperform this index on a number of measures including portfolio yield, total return and capital loss due to downgrades and defaults. While PPM has access to a broad universe of potential investments, we believe grounding the investment program with a customized public corporate index that can be easily tracked and monitored helps guide PPM in meeting the risk and return expectations and assists with performance evaluation. 
 
 Recognizing the trade -offs between the level of risk, required capital, liquidity and investment return, the largest allocation within our investment portfolio is to investment grade fixed income securities. As previously mentioned, our investment manager accesses a broad universe of potential investments to construct the investment portfolio and considers the benefits of diversification across various sectors, collateral types and asset classes. To this end, our SAA and investment portfolio includes allocations to public and private corporate bonds (both investment grade and high yield), mortgage loans, structured securities, private equity and U.S. Treasury securities. These U.S. Treasury securities, while lower yielding than other alternatives, provide a higher level of liquidity and play a role in managing our interest rate exposure. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had total investments of 65.9 billion and 74.2 billion, respectively. 
 
 73 

Part II | Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | Investments 

 Portfolio Composition 
 
 The following table summarizes the carrying values of our investments: 
 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Investments excluding Funds Withheld Funds Withheld Total Investments excluding Funds Withheld Funds Withheld Total (in millions) Debt Securities, available-for-sale, net of allowance for credit losses 28,867 13,622 42,489 32,453 19,094 51,547 Debt Securities, at fair value under fair value option 2,014 159 2,173 1,547 164 1,711 Debt securities, trading, at fair value 100 100 117 117 Equity securities, at fair value 316 77 393 163 116 279 Mortgage loans, net of allowance for credit losses 6,840 4,127 10,967 6,743 4,739 11,482 Mortgage loans, at fair value under fair value option 582 582 Policy loans 942 3,435 4,377 992 3,483 4,475 Freestanding derivative instruments 1,192 78 1,270 1,375 42 1,417 Other invested assets 2,802 793 3,595 2,484 715 3,199 Total investments 43,073 22,873 65,946 45,874 28,353 74,227 
 
 Available-for-sale debt securities decreased to 42,489 million at December 31, 2022 from 51,547 million at the end of 2021, primarily due to a decrease in net unrealized gains. The amortized cost of debt securities, available-for-sale, decreased from 51,206 million as of December 31, 2021 to 51,071 million as of December 31, 2022. Further, net unrealized gains on these assets decreased from a net unrealized gain of 2,178 million as of December 31, 2021 to a net unrealized loss of 6,286 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Other Invested Assets 
 
 In June 2021, we entered into an arrangement to sell 420 million of limited partnership investments, of which 236 million and 168 million were sold in the second and third quarter of 2021, respectively, and the remainder was sold in January 2022. The increase in Other Invested Assets from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 primarily resulted from the increased valuations of limited partnership investments. 
 
 74 

Part II | Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | Investments 

 Debt Securities 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the amortized cost, allowance for credit loss, gross unrealized gains and losses, and fair value of debt securities, including trading securities and securities carried at fair value under the fair value option, were as follows (in millions): 
 
 December 31, 2022 Amortized Cost Allowance for Credit Loss Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value U.S. government securities 6,192 1 1,008 5,185 Other government securities 1,719 2 1 251 1,467 Corporate securities Utilities 5,893 27 695 5,225 Energy 3,006 10 7 390 2,613 Banking 1,994 2 234 1,762 Healthcare 2,956 8 439 2,525 Finance/Insurance 4,497 4 8 621 3,880 Technology/Telecom 2,333 1 2 296 2,038 Consumer goods 2,463 10 378 2,095 Industrial 1,675 8 173 1,510 Capital goods 1,982 3 196 1,789 Real estate 1,723 1 225 1,499 Media 1,230 1 175 1,056 Transportation 1,576 3 214 1,365 Retail 1,312 5 182 1,135 Other (1) 
 2,056 1 178 1,879 Total Corporate Securities 34,696 15 86 4,396 30,371 Residential mortgage-backed 510 6 19 59 464 Commercial mortgage-backed 1,821 183 1,638 Other asset-backed securities 6,133 8 504 5,637 Total Debt Securities 51,071 23 115 6,401 44,762 (1) No single remaining industry exceeds 3 of the portfolio. 

75 

Part II | Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | Investments 

 December 31, 2021 Amortized Cost Allowance for Credit Loss Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value U.S. government securities 4,525 97 301 4,321 Other government securities 1,489 147 17 1,619 Corporate securities Utilities 6,069 671 25 6,715 Energy 2,872 222 16 3,078 Banking 1,944 79 10 2,013 Healthcare 3,196 175 21 3,350 Finance/Insurance 4,299 228 47 4,480 Technology/Telecom 2,376 123 26 2,473 Consumer goods 2,525 123 38 2,610 Industrial 1,996 118 10 2,104 Capital goods 2,206 134 8 2,332 Real estate 1,805 82 11 1,876 Media 1,187 84 19 1,252 Transportation 1,789 105 13 1,881 Retail 1,289 75 13 1,351 Other (1) 
 2,217 134 5 2,346 Total Corporate Securities 35,770 2,353 262 37,861 Residential mortgage-backed 528 2 46 3 569 Commercial mortgage-backed 1,968 76 6 2,038 Other asset-backed securities 6,926 7 71 23 6,967 Total Debt Securities 51,206 9 2,790 612 53,375 (1) No single remaining industry exceeds 3 of the portfolio. 

Debt Securities Credit Quality 
 
 The following tables set forth the composition of the fair value of debt securities, including both those held as available-for-sale and for trading, as classified by rating categories assigned by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations NRSRO ), the NAIC or, if not rated by such organizations, our consolidated investment advisor, PPM. The Company uses the second lowest rating by an NRSRO when NRSRO ratings are not equivalent and, for purposes of the table, if not otherwise rated by a NRSRO, the NAIC rating of a security is converted to an equivalent NRSRO-style rating. 
 
 Percent of Total Debt Securities Carrying Value December 31, Investment Rating 2022 2021 AAA 17.9 14.5 AA 8.2 9.6 A 29.9 28.5 BBB 36.4 40.9 Investment grade 92.4 93.5 BB 3.9 3.6 B and below 3.7 2.9 Below investment grade 7.6 6.5 Total debt securities 100.0 100.0 
 76 

Part II | Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | Investments 

 Unrealized Losses 
 
 The following tables summarize the amount of gross unrealized losses, fair value and the number of securities aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual debt securities have been in a continuous loss position (in millions): 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Less than 12 months Less than 12 months Gross Fair Value Gross Fair Value Unrealized # of Unrealized # of Losses securities Losses securities U.S. government securities 339 2,815 40 2 107 16 Other government securities 174 1,258 143 17 252 23 Public utilities 508 4,279 490 17 721 93 Corporate securities 2,087 17,068 2,323 180 6,343 728 Residential mortgage-backed 43 279 196 3 174 109 Commercial mortgage-backed 138 1,421 177 5 314 37 Other asset-backed securities 282 3,485 417 22 3,224 338 Total temporarily impaired securities 3,571 30,605 3,786 246 11,135 1,344 12 months or longer 12 months or longer Gross Fair Value Gross Fair Value Unrealized # of Unrealized # of Losses securities Losses securities U.S. government securities 669 1,386 6 299 3,190 7 Other government securities 77 177 23 4 2 Public utilities 187 520 87 7 99 8 Corporate securities 1,614 4,601 644 58 661 69 Residential mortgage-backed 16 81 94 11 12 Commercial mortgage-backed 45 192 31 1 30 3 Other asset-backed securities 222 1,551 171 1 11 3 Total temporarily impaired securities 2,830 8,508 1,056 366 4,006 104 Total Total Gross Fair Value Gross Fair Value Unrealized # of Unrealized # of Losses securities (1) 
 Losses securities (1) 
 U.S. government securities 1,008 4,201 42 301 3,297 21 Other government securities 251 1,435 162 17 256 25 Public utilities 695 4,799 562 24 820 98 Corporate securities 3,701 21,669 2,806 238 7,004 776 Residential mortgage-backed 59 360 290 3 185 121 Commercial mortgage-backed 183 1,613 206 6 344 39 Other asset-backed securities 504 5,036 577 23 3,235 341 Total temporarily impaired securities 6,401 39,113 4,645 612 15,141 1,421 
 (1) Certain securities contain multiple lots and fit the criteria of both aging groups. 
 
 The increase in rates on U.S. Treasury securities and the widening credit spreads of investment grade corporate securities resulted in reduced fair values and increased unrealized losses during the year ended December 31, 2022. Of the 5,789 million total increase in unrealized losses and the 23,972 million additional fair value on securities with an associated unrealized loss, 2,516 million and 5,033 million, respectively, are associated with assets subject to funds withheld agreements. 
 
 77 

Part II | Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | Investments 

 Evaluation of Available-For-Sale Debt Securities 
 
 See Note 4 - Investment of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information about how we evaluate our available-for-sale debt securities for credit loss. 
 
 The following table summarizes net gains (losses) on derivatives and investments (in millions): 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Available-for-sale securities Realized gains on sale 41 169 778 Realized losses on sale (429) (88) (196) Credit loss income (expense) (5) (10) (14) Gross impairments (27) Credit loss income (expense) on mortgage loans (16) 62 (61) Other (1) 
 50 49 (103) Net gains (losses) excluding derivatives and funds withheld assets (359) 182 377 Net gains (losses) on derivative instruments 2,024 (2,639) (7,268) Net gains (losses) on funds withheld reinsurance treaties 2,186 (21) 440 Total net gains (losses) on derivatives and investments 3,851 (2,478) (6,451) (1) Includes the foreign currency gain or loss related to foreign denominated mortgage loans and trust instruments supporting funding agreements. 

Equity Securities 
 
 Equity securities consist of investments in common and preferred stock holdings and mutual fund investments. Common and preferred stock investments generally arise out of previous private equity investments or other settlements rather than as direct investments. Mutual fund investments typically represent investments made in our own mutual funds to seed those structures for external issuance at a later date. The following table summarizes our holdings: 
 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (in millions) Common Stock 82 78 Preferred Stock 133 168 Mutual Funds 178 33 Total 393 279 
 
 Mortgage Loans 
 
 Co mmercial mortgage loans of 10.2 billion and 10.5 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are reported net of an allowance for credit losses of 91 million and 85 million at each date, respectively. At December 31, 2022, commercial mortgage loans were collateralized by properties located in 38 states, the District of Columbia, and Europe. Residential mortgage loans of 1,308 million and 939 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are reported net of an allowance for credit losses of 4 million and 9 million at each date, respectively. Loans were collateralized by properties located in 50 states, the District of Columbia, Mexico, and Europe. 
 
 78 

Part II | Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | Investments 

 The table below presents the carrying value, net of allowance of credit loss, of our mortgage loans by property type: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (in millions) Commercial: Apartment 3,558 3,755 Hotel 1,015 1,054 Office 1,795 1,889 Retail 2,085 2,104 Warehouse 1,788 1,741 Total Commercial 10,241 10,543 Residential 1,308 939 Total 11,549 11,482 
 
 The table below presents the carrying value, net of allowance for credit loss, of our mortgage loans by region: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (in millions) United States: East North Central 1,116 1,184 East South Central 546 491 Middle Atlantic 1,677 1,558 Mountain 627 688 New England 371 452 Pacific 2,850 2,897 South Atlantic 2,313 2,295 West North Central 572 552 West South Central 920 829 Total United States 10,992 10,946 Foreign 557 536 Total 11,549 11,482 
 
 The following table provides information about the credit quality of our mortgage loans: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (in millions) Commercial mortgage loans Loan to value ratios: Less than 70 9,586 9,819 70 - 80 424 670 80 - 100 197 44 Greater than 100 34 10 Total 10,241 10,543 Residential mortgage loans Performing 1,230 727 Nonperforming (1) 
 78 212 Total 1,308 939 Total mortgage loans 11,549 11,482 
 
 (1) At December 31, 2022 and 2021, includes 41 million and 202 million of loans purchased when the loans were greater than 90 days delinquent and 12 million and 5 million of loans in process of foreclosure are supported with insurance or other guarantees provided by various governmental programs, respectively. 
 79 

Part II | Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | Investments 

The following table provides a summary of the allowance for credit losses related to our mortgage loans: 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (in millions) Balance at beginning of period 94 179 Provision (release) 1 (85) Balance at end of period 95 94 
 
 The Company s mortgage loans that are current and in good standing are accruing interest. Interest is not accrued on loans greater than 90 days delinquent and in process of foreclosure, when deemed uncollectible. Delinquency status is determined from the date of the first missed contractual payment. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, there was 15 million of recorded investment, 16 million of unpaid principal balance, nil related loan allowance, 18 million of average recorded investment, and no investment income recognized on impaired residential mortgage loans. At December 31, 2021, there was 6 million of recorded investment, 7 million of unpaid principal balance, nil related loan allowance, 2 million of average recorded investment, and no investment income recognized on impaired residential mortgage loans. 
 
 Derivative Instruments 
 
 The following table presents the aggregate contractual or notional amounts and the fair values of our freestanding and embedded derivatives instruments (in millions): 
 December 31, 2022 Contractual/ Assets Liabilities Net Notional Fair Fair Fair Value Amount (1) 
 Value Value Asset (Liability) Freestanding derivatives Cross-currency swaps 1,825 73 104 (31) Equity index call options 17,500 106 106 Equity index futures (2) 
 19,760 Equity index put options 30,500 958 958 Interest rate swaps 7,728 5 231 (226) Interest rate swaps - cleared (2) 
 1,500 Put-swaptions 25,000 1,711 (1,711) Interest rate futures (2) 
 105,261 Total return swaps 739 31 31 Total freestanding derivatives 209,813 1,173 2,046 (873) Embedded derivatives Variable annuity embedded derivatives (3) 
 N/A 2,154 2,154 Fixed index annuity embedded derivatives (4) 
 N/A 931 (931) Registered index linked annuity embedded derivatives (4) 
 N/A 205 (205) Total embedded derivatives N/A 2,154 1,136 1,018 Derivatives related to funds withheld under reinsurance treaties Cross-currency swaps 158 23 1 22 Cross-currency forwards 1,490 74 18 56 Funds withheld embedded derivative (5) 
 N/A 3,158 3,158 Total derivatives related to funds withheld under reinsurance treaties 1,648 3,255 19 3,236 Total 211,461 6,582 3,201 3,381 
 (1) The notional amount for swaps and swaptions represents the stated principal balance used as a basis for calculating payments. The contractual amount for futures and options represents the market exposure of open positions. 
 (2) Variation margin is considered settlement resulting in the netting of cash received/paid for variation margin against the fair value of the trades. 
 (3) Variable annuity net embedded derivatives are included within reserves for future policy benefits and claims payable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The nonperformance risk adjustment is included in the balance above. 
 (4) Included within other contract holder funds on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The nonperformance risk adjustment is included in the balance above. 
 (5) Included within funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 80 

Part II | Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | Investments 

December 31, 2021 Contractual/ Assets Liabilities Net Notional Fair Fair Fair Value Amount (1) 
 Value Value Asset (Liability) Freestanding derivatives Cross-currency swaps 1,767 55 35 20 Equity index call options 21,000 606 606 Equity index futures (2) 
 18,258 Equity index put options 27,500 150 150 Interest rate swaps 7,728 430 430 Interest rate swaps - cleared (2) 
 1,500 Put-swaptions 19,000 133 133 Interest rate futures (2) 
 912 Total freestanding derivatives 97,665 1,374 35 1,339 Embedded derivatives Variable annuity embedded derivatives (3) 
 N/A 2,626 (2,626) Fixed index annuity embedded derivatives (4) 
 N/A 1,439 (1,439) Registered index linked annuity embedded derivatives (4) 
 N/A 6 (6) Total embedded derivatives N/A 4,071 (4,071) Derivatives related to funds withheld under reinsurance treaties Cross-currency swaps 158 10 1 9 Cross-currency forwards 1,119 33 5 28 Funds withheld embedded derivative (5) 
 N/A 120 (120) Total derivatives related to funds withheld under reinsurance treaties 1,277 43 126 (83) Total 98,942 1,417 4,232 (2,815) 
 (1) The notional amount for swaps and swaptions represents the stated principal balance used as a basis for calculating payments. The contractual amount for futures and options represents the market exposure of open positions. 
 (2) Variation margin is considered settlement resulting in the netting of cash received/paid for variation margin against the fair value of the trades. 
 (3) Variable annuity net embedded derivatives are included within reserves for future policy benefits and claims payable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The nonperformance risk adjustment is included in the balance above. 
 (4) Included within other contract holder funds on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The nonperformance risk adjustment is included in the balance above. 
 (5) Included within funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

The notional on derivatives increased to 211 billion from 99 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, primarily resulting from the increase in notional related to interest rate futures as part of our hedging program related to variable annuity guarantees. The interest rate futures employed to hedge the short end of the rate curve require large notional amounts to achieve the appropriate level of hedging. 

81 

Part II | Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | Investments 

 Investment Income 
 
 Our sources of net investment income are as follows (in millions) : 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Debt securities (1) 
 1,076 1,154 1,617 Equity securities (16) 8 (14) Mortgage loans 285 319 365 Policy loans 69 73 79 Limited partnerships 144 795 105 Other investment income 49 13 12 Total investment income excluding funds withheld assets 1,607 2,362 2,164 Net investment income on funds withheld assets 1,254 1,188 792 Investment expenses (100) (126) (138) Net investment income 2,761 3,424 2,818 
 (1) Includes change in fair value gains (losses) on trading securities and includes (149) million, 26 million and (25) million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to the change in fair value for securities carried under the fair value option. 
 
 Evaluation of Invested Assets 
 
 We perform regular evaluations of our invested assets. On a monthly basis, management identifies those investments that may require additional monitoring and carefully reviews the carrying value of such investments to determine whether specific investments should be placed on a non-accrual status and if an allowance for credit loss is required. In making these reviews, management principally considers the adequacy of any collateral, compliance with contractual covenants, the borrower s recent financial performance, news reports and other externally generated information concerning the issuer s affairs. In the case of publicly traded bonds, management also considers market value quotations, where available. For mortgage loans, management generally considers information concerning the mortgaged property, including factors impacting the current and expected payment status of the loan and, if available, the current fair value of the underlying collateral. For investments in partnerships, management reviews the financial statements and other information provided by the general partners. 
 
 To determine an allowance for credit loss, we consider a security s forecasted cash flows as well as the severity of depressed fair values. Investment income is not accrued on securities in default and otherwise where the collection is uncertain. Subsequent receipts of interest on such securities are generally used to reduce the cost basis of the securities. The provisions for impairment on mortgage loans are based on losses expected by management to be realized on transfers of mortgage loans to real estate, on the disposition and settlement of mortgage loans and on mortgage loans that management believes may not be collectible in full. Accrual of interest on mortgage loans is generally suspended when principal or interest payments on mortgage loans are past due more than 90 days. Interest is then accounted for on a cash basis. 
 82 

Part II | Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | Policy and Contract Liabilities 

Policy and Contract Liabilities 
 
 We establish, and carry as liabilities, actuarially determined amounts that are calculated to meet policy obligations or to provide for future annuity payments. Amounts for actuarial liabilities are computed and reported on the Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP. For more details on Policyholder Liabilities, see Critical Accounting Estimates" on Page 92 . 
 
 As an insurance company, a substantial portion of our profits are derived from fee income and the invested assets backing our policy and contract liabilities, which includes separate account liabilities, reserves for future policy benefits and claims payable and other contract holder funds. As of December 31, 2022, 88 of our policy and contract liabilities were in our Retail Annuities segment, 3 were in our Institutional Products segment and 9 were in our Closed Life and Annuity Blocks segment. 
 
 The table below represents a breakdown of our policy and contract liabilities: 
 December 31, 2022 Separate Accounts Reserves for future policy benefits Other contract holder funds Total (in millions) Variable Annuities 195,835 945 10,578 207,358 RILA 1 
 1,875 1,875 Fixed Annuities 842 10,843 11,685 Fixed Index Annuities 2 
 11,788 11,788 Non-life Contingent Payout Annuities 1,376 1,376 Total Retail Annuities 195,835 1,787 36,460 234,082 Total Institutional Products 9,019 9,019 Traditional Life 4,474 4,084 8,558 Interest-sensitive Life 71 1,731 7,131 8,933 Group Payout Annuities 4,586 4,586 Other Annuities 16 1,322 1,338 Total Closed Life and Annuity Blocks 71 10,807 12,537 23,415 Total Policy and Contract Liabilities 195,906 12,594 58,016 266,516 Claims payable and other 1,679 179 1,858 Total 195,906 14,273 58,195 268,374 
 December 31, 2021 Separate Accounts Reserves for future policy benefits Other contract holder funds Total (in millions) Variable Annuities 248,859 4,609 9,751 263,219 RILA 1 
 110 110 Fixed Annuities 858 12,316 13,174 Fixed Index Annuities 2 
 50 13,161 13,211 Non-life Contingent Payout Annuities 1,399 1,399 Total Retail Annuities 248,859 5,517 36,737 291,113 Total Institutional Products 8,830 8,830 Traditional Life 4,762 4,161 8,923 Interest-sensitive Life 90 1,797 7,410 9,297 Group Payout Annuities 4,895 4,895 Other Annuities 17 1,399 1,416 Total Closed Life and Annuity Blocks 90 11,471 12,970 24,531 Total Policy and Contract Liabilities 248,949 16,988 58,537 324,474 Claims payable and other 1,679 189 1,868 Total 248,949 18,667 58,726 326,342 
 (1) Includes the embedded derivative liabilities related to RILA of 205 million and 6 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) Includes the embedded derivative liabilities related to fixed index annuity of 931 million and 1,439 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 83 

Part II | Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | Policy and Contract Liabilities 

 As of December 31, 2022, 195.9 billion or 74 of our policy and contract liabilities were backed by separate accounts assets. These separate account assets backed reserves primarily related to our variable annuities. Separate account liabilities are fully funded by cash flows from the customer s corresponding separate account assets and are set equal to the fair value of such invested assets. We generate revenue on our separate account liabilities primarily from asset-based fee income. Separate account assets and associated liabilities are subject to variability driven by the performance of the underlying investments, which are exposed to fluctuations in equity markets and bond fund valuations. As a result, revenue derived from asset-based fee income is similarly subject to variability in line with the variability of the underlying separate account assets. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, 48.4 billion of our policy and contract liabilities were backed by our investment portfolio and 22.2 billion reinsured by Athene, were backed by funds withheld assets. As of December 31, 2022, 100 of our RILA policy and contract liabilities were subject to surrender charges of at least 5 or at market value in the event of discretionary withdrawal by customers. We have the discretion, subject to contractual limitations and minimums, to reset the crediting terms on the majority of our fixed index annuities and fixed annuities. As of December 31, 2022, 93 of fixed annuity, fixed-indexed annuity, and the fixed accounts of RILA and variable annuity correspond to crediting rates that are at the guaranteed minimum crediting rate. 
 
 Liabilities for other contract holder funds are policy account balances on interest-sensitive life insurance, fixed annuities, fixed index annuities, RILA and variable annuity or variable life insurance contract allocations to fixed fund options. These account balance liabilities are equal to the sum of deposits, plus interest credited, less charges and withdrawals. 
 
 We establish reserves for future policy benefits and claims payable under insurance policies using methodologies consistent with U.S. GAAP. Reserves for insurance policies are generally equal to the present value of future expected benefits to be paid, reduced by the present value of future expected revenue. The assumptions used in establishing reserves are generally based on our experience, industry benchmarking or other factors, as applicable. Annually, or as circumstances warrant, we conduct a comprehensive review of our actuarial assumptions, and update those assumptions when appropriate. The principal assumptions used in the establishment of reserves for future policy benefits are policy lapse, mortality, benefit utilization and withdrawals, investment returns, and expenses. Generally, we do not expect trends that impact our assumptions to change significantly in the short-term and, to the extent these trends may change, we expect such changes to be gradual over the long-term. 
 
 For non life-contingent components of Guaranteed Minimum Withdrawal Benefits ("GMWB") features available in our variable annuities, the guaranteed benefits are accounted for as embedded derivatives, with fair values calculated as the present value of expected future guaranteed benefit payments to contract holders less the present value of assessed rider fees attributable to the embedded derivative feature. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, the fair values of these guaranteed benefit features are based on assumptions a market participant would use in valuing these embedded derivatives. Changes in the fair value of the embedded derivatives are recorded through a benefit or charge to current period earnings. Movements in the fair value of the embedded derivatives are typically in the opposite direction relative to primary market risks. Specifically, downward movements in equity market levels reduce contract holder account value and typically correlate with an increased likelihood that outstanding guaranteed benefits will result in a claim, increasing the fair value liability. Similarly, downward movements in interest rates lower the assumed future market growth and typically correlate with an increased likelihood that outstanding guaranteed benefits will result in a claim, increasing the fair value liability. Downward movements in interest rates also lower the discount rates used in the calculation of the fair value liability associated with higher projected future guaranteed benefit payments, which increases the fair value liability. 
 
 For reserves related to the life-contingent components of guaranteed benefit features available in our variable annuities, fixed index annuities and RILA, we calculate the change in reserves by applying a benefit ratio to total assessments received in the period. The benefit ratio is determined by dividing the present value of total expected benefit payments by the present value of total expected assessments, primarily fees based on account value or benefit base, over the life of the contract. The level and direction of the change in reserves will vary over time based on the benefit ratio and the level of assessments associated with the variable annuity, fixed index annuity, or RILA. These reserves typically move in the opposite direction relative to primary market risks. Specifically, downward movements in equity market levels will reduce contract holder account value and typically correlate with an increased likelihood that outstanding guaranteed benefits will result in a claim, which increases the reserve. 
 
 84 

Part II | Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | Policy and Contract Liabilities 

 For traditional life insurance and payout annuities, reserves for future policy benefits are measured using assumptions determined as of the issuance date or acquisition date with provisions for the risk of adverse deviation, as appropriate. These assumptions are not unlocked unless a premium deficiency exists. At least annually, we perform premium deficiency tests using best estimate assumptions as of the testing date without provision for adverse deviation. If the liabilities determined based on these best estimate assumptions are greater than the net reserves (i.e., U.S. GAAP reserves net of any DAC or reinsurance), the existing net reserves are adjusted by first reducing the DAC or DSI by the amount of the deficiency (or to zero) through a charge to current period earnings. If the deficiency is more than these asset balances, we increase the reserves by the excess through a charge to current period earnings. If a premium deficiency is recognized, the assumptions as of the premium deficiency test date are locked in and used in subsequent reserve measurements, and the net reserves continue to be subject to premium deficiency testing. In a sustained low interest rate environment, there is generally an increased likelihood that the liabilities determined based on best estimate assumptions will be greater than the net reserves. 
 
 Actuarial Assumption Changes (Unlo cking) 
 
 Our annual actuarial assumption review of our estimates of future gross profits underlying the amortization of deferred acquisition costs and deferred sales inducements, as well as the valuation of the embedded derivatives and reserves for annuities and life insurance with optional guaranteed benefits, may result in an unlocking impact. Generally, favorable unlocking means the change in assumptions required a reduction in reserves or increase in DAC, and unfavorable unlocking means the change in assumptions required an increase in reserves or reduction in DAC. 
 
 The following tables reflect the impacts from our annual assumption review to pretax (loss) income, pre-tax non-operating adjustments and Pre-Tax Adjusted Operating Earnings for the periods presented. 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) Assumption Review Impact: Total assumption review impact on pretax (loss) income 420 62 (24) Total assumption review impact on pretax non-operating adjustments (367) (24) (128) Total assumption review impact on Pretax Adjusted Operating Earnings 53 38 (152) Assumption Review Impact on Pretax Adjusted Operating Earnings by Segment: Retail Annuities 59 38 (138) Closed Life and Annuity Blocks (6) (14) Total assumption review impact on Pretax Adjusted Operating Earnings 53 38 (152) 
 
 2022 Assumption Updates 
 
 The impact of assumption changes on Pretax Adjusted Operating Earnings was 53 million, with the majority of this impact attributed to the Retail Annuities segment at 59 million. The principal driver of the favorable impact for Retail Annuities was an increase in the variable annuity DAC balance, primarily due to changes in assumed persistency. 
 
 The impact on pretax non-operating adjustments of (367) million was mainly due to an overall decrease in the GMWB optional guarantee benefit reserves. The reserve decrease was driven principally by changes in GMWB utilization and mortality assumptions, which was partially offset by changes in assumed persistency. 
 
 In aggregate, the total impact of assumption changes on pretax income was 420 million. 
 
 85 

Part II | Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Liquidity is our ability to generate sufficient cash flows to meet the cash requirements of operating, investing and financing activities. Capital refers to our long-term financial resources available to support the business operations and contribute to future growth. Our ability to generate and maintain sufficient liquidity and capital depends on the profitability of the businesses, timing of cash flows on investments and products, general economic conditions and access to the capital markets and the alternate sources of liquidity and capital described herein. 
 
 The discussion below describes our liquidity and capital resources for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

Cash Flows 
 
 The following table presents a summary of our cash flow activity for the periods set forth below: 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 5,206 5,682 3,712 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (1,374) (1,296) (4,333) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (2,162) (3,774) 705 Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 1,670 612 84 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period 2,631 2,019 1,935 Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period 4,301 2,631 2,019 
 
 Cash flows from Operating Activities 
 
 The principal operating cash inflows from our insurance activities come from insurance premiums, fees charged on our products and net investment income. The principal operating cash outflows are the result of annuity and life insurance benefits, interest credited on other contract holder funds, operating expenses and income tax, as well as interest expense. The primary liquidity concern with respect to these cash flows is the risk of early contract holder and policyholder benefit payments. 
 
 Cash flows provided by operating activities decreased 476 million to 5,206 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 from 5,682 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease was primarily due to lower investment income as a result of lower income on limited partnership investments in 2022, compared to prior year. 
 
 Cash flows from Investing Activities 
 
 The principal cash inflows from our investment activities come from repayments of principal, proceeds from maturities and sales of investments, as well as settlements of freestanding derivatives. The principal cash outflows relate to purchases of investments and settlements of freestanding derivatives. It is not unusual to have a net cash outflow from investing activities because cash inflows from insurance operations are typically reinvested to fund insurance liabilities. We closely monitor and manage these risks through our comprehensive investment risk management process. The primary liquidity concerns with respect to these cash flows are the risk of default by debtors or market disruptions that might impact the timing of investment related cash flows as well as derivative collateral needs, which could result in material liquidity needs for our insurance subsidiaries. 
 
 Cash flows used in investing activities decreased 78 million to (1,374) million during the year ended December 31, 2022 from (1,296) million during the year ended December 31, 2021. This decrease was primarily due to lower sales of debt securities in 2022 compared to 2021, partially offset by decreased outflows related to our hedging program for derivative settlements and collateral predominately resulting from movements in the equity markets in 2022 compared to 2021 in addition to lower debt security purchases in 2022 compared to 2021. 
 
 86 

Part II | Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | Liquidity and Capital Resources 

 Cash flows from Financing Activities 
 
 The principal cash inflows from our financing activities come from deposits of funds associated with policyholder account balances, issuance of debt, and lending of securities. The principal cash outflows come from withdrawals associated with policyholder account balances and the return of securities on loan. The primary liquidity concerns with respect to these cash flows are market disruption and the risk of early policyholder withdrawal. 
 
 Cash flows used in financing activities increased 1,612 million to (2,162) million during the year ended December 31, 2022 from (3,774) million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily due to decreased withdrawals of policyholders account balances during 2022 compared to 2021. This was partially offset by lower deposits driven by decreased variable annuity sales in 2022 and higher inflows in the prior year related to debt agreements entered into in 2021. 

Statutory Capital 
 
 Our insurance company subsidiaries have statutory surplus above the level needed to meet current regulatory requirements. Risk-based capital, or RBC, requirements are used as minimum capital requirements by the NAIC and the state insurance departments to identify companies that merit regulatory action. RBC is based on a formula that incorporates both factor-based components (applied to various asset, premium, claim, expense and statutory reserve items) and model-based components. The formula takes into account the risk characteristics of the insurer, including asset risk, insurance risk, interest rate risk, market risk and business risk and is calculated on an annual basis. The formula is used as an early warning regulatory tool to identify possible inadequately capitalized insurers for purposes of initiating regulatory action, and not to rank insurers generally. As of December 31, 2022, our insurance companies were well in excess of the minimum required capital levels. Jackson is also subject to risk-based capital guidelines that provide a method to measure the adjusted capital that a life insurance company should have for regulatory purposes, taking into account the risk characteristics of Jackson s investments and products. 
 
 Jackson had an RBC ratio of 544 , 580 and 347 as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The decrease in Jackson s RBC ratio as of December 31, 2022 as compared to December 31, 2021 was primarily due to the 600 million return of capital and an increase in variable annuity capital charges during 2022. 

Holding Company Liquidity 
 
 As a holding company with no business operations of its own, Jackson Financial primarily derives cash flows from dividends and interest payments from its insurance subsidiaries. These principal sources of liquidity are expected to be supplemented by cash and short-term investments held by Jackson Financial and access to bank lines of credit and the capital markets. We intend to maintain a minimum amount of cash and highly liquid securities at Jackson Financial adequate to fund two years of holding company fixed expenses, which may change over time as we refinance existing debt or make changes to our debt and capital structure, and is currently targeted at 250 million. The main uses of liquidity for Jackson Financial are interest payments and debt repayment, holding company operating expenses, payment of dividends and other distributions to shareholders, which may include stock repurchases, and capital contributions, if needed, to our insurance company subsidiaries. Our principal sources of liquidity and our anticipated capital position are described in the following paragraphs. 
 
 Any declaration of cash dividends or stock repurchases will be at the discretion of JFI s Board of Directors and will depend on our financial condition, earnings, liquidity and capital requirements, regulatory constraints, level of indebtedness, contractual restrictions with respect to paying cash dividends or repurchasing stock, restrictions imposed by Delaware law, general business conditions and any other factors that JFI s Board of Directors deems relevant in making any such determination. Therefore, there can be no assurance that we will pay any cash dividends to holders of our common stock or approve any further increase in the existing, or any new, stock repurchase program, or as to the amount of any such cash dividends or stock repurchases. 
 
 Delaware law requires that dividends be paid and stock repurchases made only out of surplus, which is defined as the fair market value of our net assets, minus our stated capital; or out of the current or the immediately preceding year s earnings. JFI is a holding company and has no direct operations. All of our business operations are conducted through our subsidiaries. Any dividends we pay or stock repurchases we make will depend upon the funds legally available for distribution, including dividends or distributions from our subsidiaries to us. The states in which our insurance subsidiaries 
 87 

Part II | Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | Liquidity and Capital Resources 

 are domiciled impose certain restrictions on our insurance subsidiaries ability to pay dividends to their parent companies. These restrictions are based in part on the prior year s statutory income and surplus, as well as earned surplus. Such restrictions, or any future restrictions adopted by the states in which our insurance subsidiaries are domiciled, could have the effect, under certain circumstances, of significantly reducing dividends or other amounts payable by our subsidiaries without affirmative approval of state regulatory authorities. See Risk Factors Risks relating to Financing and Liquidity - As a holding company, Jackson Financial depends on the ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends and make other distributions to meet its obligations and liquidity needs, including servicing debt, dividend payments and stock repurchases. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we paid a cash dividend of 0.55 per share on JFI's common stock totaling 199 million. On February 27, 2023, our Board of Directors approved a first quarter cash dividend on JFI's common stock of 0.62 per share, payable on March 23, 2023 to shareholders of record on March 14, 2023. 
 
 On February 28, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized an increase of 300 million in our existing share repurchase authorization of JFI's Class A Common Stock. On February 27, 2023, our Board of Directors authorized an increase of 450 million in our existing share repurchase authorization of JFI's common stock. We repurchased a total of 7,646,569 shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of 283 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which were funded with cash on hand. 
 
 See Note 22 to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Report for further information on dividends to shareholders and share repurchase s. 
 
 Distributions from our Insurance Company Subsidiaries 
 
 The ability of our insurance company subsidiaries to pay dividends is limited by applicable laws and regulations of the jurisdictions where such subsidiaries are domiciled as well as agreements entered into with regulators. These laws and regulations require, among other things, our insurance company subsidiaries to maintain minimum solvency requirements and limit the amount of dividends these subsidiaries can pay. 
 
 Subject to these limitations, our insurance company subsidiaries are permitted to pay ordinary dividends based on calculations specified under insurance laws of the relevant state of domicile, subject to prior notification to the appropriate regulatory agency. Any distributions above the amount permitted by statute in any twelve-month period are considered extraordinary dividends, and the approval of the appropriate regulator is required prior to payment. In Michigan, the Director of the Michigan Department of Insurance and Financial Services (the Michigan Director of Insurance) may limit, or not permit, the payment of dividends from either Jackson or Brooke Life, Jackson's direct parent company, if it determines that the surplus of either of these subsidiaries is not reasonable in relation to their outstanding liabilities and is not adequate to meet their financial needs, as required by the Michigan Insurance Code of 1956. Unless otherwise approved by the Michigan Director of Insurance, dividends may only be paid from earned surplus. Also, surplus note arrangements and interest payments must be approved by the Michigan Director of Insurance and such interest payments to related parties reduce the otherwise calculated ordinary dividend capacity for that period. In New York, all dividends require approval from the NYSDFS. 
 
 For 2022, Jackson and Brooke Life have total ordinary dividend capacity, based on 2021 statutory capital and surplus and statutory net gain from operations, subject to the availability of earned surplus, of 608 million and 514 million, respectively. Brooke Life, as the sole owner of our other insurance company subsidiaries, including Jackson and Jackson National Life NY, is the direct recipient of any dividend payments from those subsidiaries and must make dividend payments to its ultimate parent company, Jackson Financial, in order for any funds from our insurance company subsidiaries to reach Jackson Financial. As such, Jackson Financial s ability to receive dividend payments from our insurance company subsidiaries is effectively limited by Brooke Life s ability to make dividend payments to Jackson Financial. 
 
 On March 1, 2022, Jackson remitted a 600 million return of capital to its parent company, Brooke Life. Brooke Life subsequently paid a 510 million ordinary dividend to its ultimate parent, Jackson Financial and 90 million of interest associated with the 2 billion surplus note between Brooke Life and Jackson Finance, LLC ("Jackson Finance"), a subsidiary of Jackson Financial, respectively. 
 
 88 

Part II | Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | Liquidity and Capital Resources 

 On February 24, 2023, Jackson received approval from the Michigan Director of Insurance for a 600 million distribution to Jackson s parent company, Brooke Life. The distribution is expected to occur in the first quarter of 2023. Brooke Life will subsequently upstream this distribution to its ultimate parent, Jackson Financial, except for 90 million of the distribution to be used for debt servicing of its surplus note payable. 
 
 The maximum distribution permitted by law or contract is not necessarily indicative of an insurer s actual ability to pay such distributions, which may be constrained by business and other considerations, such as imposition of withholding tax, the impact of such distributions on surplus, which could affect the insurer s credit and financial strength ratings or competitive position, the ability to generate new annuity sales and the ability to pay future dividends or make other distributions. Further, state insurance laws and regulations require that the statutory surplus of our insurance subsidiaries following any dividend or distribution must be reasonable in relation to their outstanding liabilities and adequate for the insurance subsidiaries financial needs. Along with solvency regulations, another primary consideration in determining the amount of capital used for dividends is the level of capital needed to maintain desired financial strength ratings from rating agencies, including A.M. Best, S P, Moody s and Fitch. Given recent economic events that have affected the insurance industry, both regulators and rating agencies could become more conservative in their methodology and criteria, including increasing capital requirements for insurance company subsidiaries. We believe our insurance company subsidiaries have sufficient statutory capital and surplus to maintain their desired financial strength rating. 
 
 Insurance Company Subsidiaries Liquidity 
 
 The liquidity requirements for our insurance company subsidiaries primarily relate to the liabilities associated with their insurance and reinsurance activities, operating expenses and income taxes. Liabilities arising from insurance and reinsurance activities include the payment of policyholder benefits when due, cash payments in connection with policy surrenders and withdrawals and policy loans. 
 
 Liquidity requirements are principally for purchases of new investments, management of derivative related margin requirements, repayment of principal and interest on debt, payments of interest on surplus notes, funding of insurance product liabilities including payments for policy benefits, surrenders, maturities and new policy loans, funding of expenses including payment of commissions, operating expenses and taxes. As of December 31, 2022, Jackson s outstanding surplus notes and bank debt included 62 million of bank loans from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis ("FHLBI"), collateralized by mortgage-related securities and mortgage loans and 250 million of surplus notes maturing in 2027. 
 
 Significant increases in interest rates could create sudden increases in surrender and withdrawal requests by customers and contract holders and result in increased liquidity requirements at our insurance company subsidiaries. Significant increases in interest rates or equity markets may also result in higher margin and collateral requirements on our derivative portfolio. The derivative contracts are an integral part of our risk management program, especially for the management of our variable annuities program, and are managed in accordance with our hedging and risk management program. Our cash flows associated with collateral received from counterparties and posted with counterparties fluctuates with changes in the market value of the underlying derivative contract and/or the market value of the collateral. The net collateral position depends on changes in interest rates and equity markets related to the amount of the exposures hedged. Collateral posting requirements can result in material liquidity needs for our insurance subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2022, we were in a net collateral payable position of 689 million compared to 913 million as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Other factors that are not directly related to interest rates can also give rise to an increase in liquidity requirements, including, changes in ratings from rating agencies, general policyholder concerns relating to the life insurance industry (e.g., the unexpected default of a large, unrelated life insurer) and competition from other products, including non-insurance products such as mutual funds, certificates of deposit and newly developed investment products. Most of the life insurance and annuity products Jackson offers permit the policyholder or contract holder to withdraw or borrow funds or surrender cash values. As of December 31, 2022, approximately half of Jackson s general account reserves are either not surrenderable, included surrender charges greater than 5 , or market value adjustments to discourage early withdrawal of policy and contract funds. 
 
 The liquidity sources for our insurance company subsidiaries are their cash, short-term investments, sales of publicly traded bonds, insurance premiums, fees charged on our products, sales of annuities and institutional products, investment income, commercial repurchase agreements and utilization of a short-term borrowing facility with the FHLBI. 
 
 89 

Part II | Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | Liquidity and Capital Resources 

 Jackson uses a variety of asset liability management techniques to provide for the orderly provision of cash flow from investments and other sources as policies and contracts mature in accordance with their normal terms. Jackson s principal sources of liquidity to meet unexpected cash outflows associated with sudden and severe increases in surrenders and withdrawals or benefit payments are its portfolio of liquid assets and its net operating cash flows. As of December 31, 2022, the portfolio of cash, short-term investments and privately and publicly traded securities and equities, which are unencumbered and unrestricted to sale, amounted to 23.3 billion. 

Our Indebtedness 
 
 Senior Notes 
 
 On June 8, 2022, the Company issued 750 million aggregate principal amount of its senior unsecured notes, consisting of 400 million aggregate principal amount of 5.170 Senior Notes due June 8, 2027, and 350 million aggregate principal amount of 5.670 Senior Notes due June 8, 2032. The net proceeds of these notes were used, together with cash on hand, to repay the Company s 750 million aggregate principal amount term loan due February 2023. 
 
 On November 23, 2021, the Company issued 1.6 billion aggregate principal amount of its senior unsecured notes consisting of 600 million aggregate principal amount of 1.125 Senior Notes due November 22, 2023, 500 million aggregate principal amount of 3.125 Senior Notes due November 23, 2031, and 500 million aggregate principal amount of 4.000 Senior Notes due November 23, 2051. The proceeds of these notes were used, together with cash on hand, to repay the Company s 1.6 billion aggregate principal amount senior unsecured term loan due May 2022 (the 2022 DDTL Facility ), as described below. 
 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 
 On February 24, 2023, the Company entered into a revolving credit facility (the "2023 Revolving Credit Facility") with a syndicate of banks and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. The 2023 Revolving Credit Facility replaced an existing revolving credit facility that was due to expire in February 2024. The 2023 Revolving Credit Facility provides for borrowings for working capital and other general corporate purposes under aggregate commitments of 1.0 billion, with a sub-limit of 500 million available for letters of credit. The 2023 Revolving Credit Facility further provides for the ability to request, subject to customary terms and conditions, an increase in commitments thereunder by up to an additional 500 million. Commitments under the 2023 Revolving Credit Facility terminate on February 24, 2028. Interest on borrowings may be based on a Base Rate (as defined in the 2023 Revolving Credit Facility) plus an adder ranging from 0.125 to 0.875 , or a Term SOFR Rate (as defined in the 2023 Revolving Credit Facility) plus an adder ranging from 1.125 to 1.875 . The applicable adder is based upon the ratings assigned to the Company s senior, unsecured, non-credit enhanced debt. 
 
 The credit agreement governing the 2023 Revolving Credit Facility contains a number of customary representations and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants and events of default (including a change of control provision). The credit agreement contains financial maintenance covenants, including a minimum adjusted consolidated net worth test of no less than 70 of our adjusted consolidated net worth as of September 30, 2022 (plus (to the extent positive) or minus (to the extent negative) 70 of the impact on such adjusted consolidated net worth resulting from the application of a one-time transition adjustment for the LDTI accounting change for insurance contracts, and plus 50 of the aggregate amount of any increase in adjusted consolidated net worth resulting from equity issuances by the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries after September 30, 2022) and a maximum consolidated indebtedness to total capitalization ratio test not to exceed 35 . We were in compliance with these covenants at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Term Loans 
 
 On February 22, 2021, we and a syndicate of banks entered into a credit agreement consisting of a 1.7 billion senior unsecured delayed draw term loan facility maturing in February 2022 (extended to May 2022 by a subsequent amendment) and a 1.0 billion senior unsecured delayed draw term loan facility maturing in February 2023, under which we borrowed 1.6 billion and 750 million, respectively. We contributed a majority of the proceeds from the term loan borrowings to Jackson. The remaining amount of proceeds from the term loan borrowings were kept at Jackson Financial to establish a minimum liquidity buffer of at least 250 million with an additional approximately 575 million being retained. The amounts at Jackson Financial are expected to be used for general corporate purposes, including interest payments and debt 
 90 

Part II | Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | Liquidity and Capital Resources 

 repayment, holding company operating expenses, payment of dividends and other distributions to shareholders, which has included stock repurchases, and may include capital contributions, if needed, to our insurance company subsidiaries. As noted, these term loans were repaid in November 2021 and June 2022, respectively, with the proceeds from our issuance of senior notes. 
 
 Surplus Notes 
 
 On March 15, 1997, our subsidiary, Jackson, issued 8.2 surplus notes in the principal amount of 250 million due March 15, 2027. These surplus notes were issued pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and are unsecured and subordinated to all present and future indebtedness, policy claims and other creditor claims and may not be redeemed at the option of the Company or any holder prior to maturity. Interest is payable semi-annually on March 15th and September 15th of each year. Interest expense on the notes was 20 million, 20 million, and 21 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Under the Michigan Insurance Code of 1956, for statutory reporting purposes, the surplus notes are not part of the legal liabilities of the Company and are considered surplus funds. Payments of interest or principal may only be made with the prior approval of the Michigan Director of Insurance and only out of surplus earnings which the director determines to be available for such payments under Michigan insurance law. 
 
 Federal Home Loan Bank 
 
 Jackson is a member of the regional FHLBI primarily for the purpose of participating in its collateralized loan advance program with funding facilities. Membership requires us to purchase and hold a minimum amount of FHLBI capital stock, plus additional stock based on outstanding advances. Advances are in the form of either notes or funding agreements issued to FHLBI. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Jackson held a bank loan with an outstanding balance of 62 million and 67 million, respectively. 

Financial Strength Ratings 
 
 Our access to funding and our related cost of borrowing, the attractiveness of certain of our subsidiaries products to customers, our attractiveness as a reinsurer to potential ceding companies and requirements for derivatives collateral posting are affected by our credit ratings and financial strength ratings, which are periodically reviewed by the rating agencies. Financial strength ratings and credit ratings are important factors affecting consumer confidence in an insurer and its competitive position in marketing products as well as critical factors considered by ceding companies in selecting a reinsurer. 
 
 Our principal insurance company subsidiaries are rated by A.M. Best, S P, Moody s and Fitch. Financial strength ratings represent the opinions of rating agencies regarding the financial ability of an insurer or reinsurer to meet its obligations under an insurance policy or reinsurance arrangement and generally involve quantitative and qualitative evaluations by rating agencies of a company s financial condition and operating performance. Generally, rating agencies base their financial strength ratings upon information furnished to them by the company and upon their own investigations, studies and assumptions. Financial strength ratings are based upon factors of concern to customers, distribution partners and ceding companies and are not directed toward the protection of investors. Financial strength ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or revoked at any time at the sole discretion of the rating organization. 

91 

Part II | Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | Liquidity and Capital Resources 

 As of February 22, 2023, the financial strength ratings of our principal insurance subsidiaries were as follows : 
 
 Company A.M. Best Fitch Moody s S P Jackson National Life Insurance Company Rating A A A2 A Outlook stable stable negative stable Jackson National Life Insurance Company of New York Rating A A A2 A Outlook stable stable negative stable Brooke Life Insurance Company Rating A Outlook stable 
 
 In evaluating a company s financial strength, the rating agencies evaluate a variety of factors including our strategy, market positioning and track record, mix of business, profitability, leverage and liquidity, the adequacy and soundness of our reinsurance, the quality and estimated market value of our assets, the adequacy of our surplus, our capital structure, and the experience and competence of our management. 
 
 In addition to the financial strength ratings, rating agencies use an outlook statement to indicate a short or medium term trend which, if continued, may lead to a rating change. A positive outlook indicates a rating may be raised and a negative outlook indicates a rating may be lowered. A stable outlook is assigned when ratings are not likely to be changed. Outlooks should not be confused with expected stability of the issuer s financial or economic performance. A stable outlook does not preclude a rating agency from changing a rating at any time without notice. 
 
 A.M. Best, S P, Moody s and Fitch review their ratings of insurance companies from time to time. There can be no assurance that any particular rating will continue for any given period of time or that it will not be changed or withdrawn entirely if, in their judgment, circumstances so warrant. While the degree to which ratings adjustments will affect sales of our annuities and institutional products, and persistency is unknown, if our ratings are negatively adjusted for any reason, we believe we could experience a material decline in the sales in our individual channel, origination in our institutional channel, and the persistency of our existing business. 

Contractual Obligations 
 
 We have contractual obligations identified within Item 8. "Financials Statements and Supplementary Data; Note. 5 Derivative Instruments, Note 9. Reserves for Future Policy Benefits and Claims Payable and Other Contract Holder Funds, Note 10. Certain Nontraditional Long-Duration Contracts and Variable Annuity Guarantees, Note 11. Long-Term Debt, Note 14. Commitments and Contingencies, and Note 15. Leases." 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to adopt accounting policies and make estimates and assumptions that affect amounts reported in our Consolidated Financial Statements. The following are our most critical estimates, which require management s most difficult, subjective and complex judgments, including the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. 
 
 The following discussion is not intended to represent a comprehensive list of our accounting policies. For a detailed discussion of the application of these and other accounting policies, see Note 2 to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Deferred Acquisition Costs 
 
 Deferred acquisition costs relate directly to the successful acquisition of new or renewal insurance business and can be capitalized. These costs primarily pertain to commissions and certain costs associated with policy issuance. All other acquisition costs are expensed as incurred. 
 
 92 

Part II | Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | Critical Accounting Estimates 

 Deferred acquisition costs are increased by interest thereon and amortized into income in proportion to estimated gross profits, including realized gains and losses and derivative movements, for annuities and interest-sensitive life products and in proportion to anticipated premium revenues for traditional life products. Due to volatility of certain factors that affect gross profits, including realized capital gains and losses and derivative movements, amortization may be a benefit or a charge in any given period. In the event of negative amortization, the related deferred acquisition cost balance is capped at the initial amount capitalized, plus interest. 
 
 As available-for-sale debt securities are carried at fair value, an adjustment is made to deferred acquisition costs equal to the change in amortization that would have occurred if such securities had been sold at their stated fair value and the proceeds reinvested at current yields. This adjustment, along with the change in net unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale debt securities, net of applicable tax, is credited or charged directly to equity as a component of other comprehensive income. 
 
 For variable annuities, the projection of expected gross profits includes, among other things, an expectation as to the account value upon which core contract fees would be charged. Separate account returns may vary significantly between years, which could have a meaningful impact on the amount of DAC amortization that is recorded in a given year. Accordingly, we employ a mean reversion methodology with the objective of adjusting the amortization of deferred acquisition costs that would otherwise be highly volatile due to fluctuations in the level of future gross profits arising from changes in equity market levels. The mean reversion methodology achieves this objective by applying a dynamic adjustment to the assumption for short-term future investment returns. Under this methodology, the projected returns for the next five years are set such that, when combined with the actual returns for the current and preceding two years, the average rate of return over the eight-year period reverts to the current long-term assumed growth rate (7.15 for 2022, 2021 and 2020, after external investment management fees). This methodology prevents a significant increase or decrease in the separate account fee base in one period due to equity market returns from inflating or deflating, as applicable, the projected gross fees in our DAC models. The mean reversion methodology does, however, include a cap and a floor of 15 and 0 per annum, respectively, on the projected return for each of the next five years. If a projected growth rate of more than 15 or less than 0 per annum would have been necessary to achieve the long-term assumed growth rate at that time, the dampening effects of the mean reversion methodology described above will be limited. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, projected returns under mean reversion were within the range bound by the 15 cap and 0 floor. 
 
 Deferred acquisition costs are reviewed periodically to ensure that the unamortized portion does not exceed the expected recoverable amounts. In assessing recoverability for both deferred acquisition costs, the Company evaluates its fixed index 
 annuity and fixed annuity blocks of business separately from its variable annuity business consistent with the manner of acquiring, servicing and measuring profitability of these products. The Company s accounting policy includes reinsurance balances when evaluating recoverability of deferred acquisition costs. Any amount deemed unrecoverable is written off with a charge through deferred acquisition costs amortization. 
 
 Reserves for Future Policy Benefits and Claims Payable and Other Contract Holder Funds 
 
 We establish reserves for future policy benefits to, or on behalf of, customers in the same period in which the policy is issued or acquired, using methodologies prescribed by U.S. GAAP. The assumptions used in establishing reserves are generally based on our experience, industry benchmarking and other factors, as applicable. Annually, or as circumstances warrant, we conduct a comprehensive review of our actuarial assumptions such as mortality, morbidity, and policyholder behavior assumptions and update assumptions when appropriate. Generally, we do not expect trends to change significantly in the short-term and, to the extent these trends may change, we expect such changes to be gradual over the long-term. See Notes 9 and 10 to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on these accounting policies. 
 
 We issue variable contracts through our separate accounts for which investment income and investment gains and losses accrue directly to, and investment risk is borne by, the contract holder. Certain of these contracts include contract provisions by which we contractually guarantee to the contract holder either a) return of no less than total deposits made to the account adjusted for any partial withdrawals, b) total deposits made to the account adjusted for any partial withdrawals plus a minimum return, or c) the highest account value on a specified anniversary date adjusted for any withdrawals following the contract anniversary. These guarantees include benefits that are payable upon the depletion of funds (GMWB), in the event of death (GMDB), at annuitization (GMIB), or at the end of a specified period (GMAB). Substantially all of our GMIB benefits are reinsured. GMIB benefits and GMAB benefits were discontinued in 2009 and 
 93 

Part II | Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | Critical Accounting Estimates 

 2011, respectively. For additional information regarding our account value by optional guarantee benefit, see Business Our Segments Retail Annuities Variable Annuities. 
 
 For traditional life insurance contracts, which include term and whole life, reserves for future policy benefits are determined using the net level premium method and assumptions as of the issue date or acquisition date as to mortality, interest, persistency and expenses, plus provisions for adverse deviations. These assumptions are not unlocked unless the reserve is determined to be deficient. 
 
 Group payout annuities consist of a closed block of defined benefit annuity plans. The liability for future benefits for these limited payment contracts is calculated using assumptions as of the acquisition date as to mortality and expense plus provisions for adverse deviation. 
 
 In conjunction with a prior acquisition, we recorded a fair value adjustment related to certain annuity and interest-sensitive liability blocks of business to reflect the cost of the interest guarantees within the in-force liabilities, based on the difference between the guaranteed interest rate and an assumed new money guaranteed interest rate. This adjustment was recorded in reserves for future policy benefits and claims payable. This component of the acquired reserves is reassessed at the end of each period, taking into account changes in the in-force block. Any resulting change in the reserve is recorded as a change in policy reserve through the Consolidated Income Statements. 
 
 Our liabilities for interest-sensitive life contracts approximate the policyholder s account value, plus the remaining balance of the fair value adjustment related to previously acquired business. 
 
 For fixed deferred annuities; the fixed option on variable annuities, fixed index annuities, and Registered Index-Linked Annuities; guaranteed investment contracts and other investment contracts: the liability is the policyholder s account value, plus, as applicable, the unamortized balance of the previously mentioned fair value adjustment. The liability for RILAs and fixed index annuities not invested in a fixed account option is based on three components, 1) the imputed value of the underlying guaranteed host contract, 2) the fair value of the embedded option component of the contract and 3) the liability for guaranteed benefits related to the minimum death benefit or payments for life rider. 
 
 The Guaranteed Minimum Death Benefits ("GMDB") liability is determined by estimating the expected value of death benefits in excess of the projected account balance and recognizing the excess ratably over the accumulation period based on total expected assessments. The direct portion of our Guaranteed Minimum Income Benefits ("GMIB") liabilities, which are substantially reinsured, are determined in this same way. 
 
 Certain Guaranteed Minimum Withdrawal Benefits ("GMWB") products include a not-for-life component up to the point at which the guaranteed withdrawal benefit is exhausted, after which benefits paid are considered to be for-life benefits. The not-for-life portion is valued as an embedded derivative, while the for-life benefits are valued as an insurance liability consistent with the GMDB liability described above. 
 
 Non-life contingent components of GMWBs and Guaranteed Minimum Accumulation Benefits ("GMAB") are recorded at fair value, using internally developed models as observable markets do not exist for those benefits. The fair value of the reserve is based on the expectations of future benefit payments and certain future fees associated with the benefits. At the inception of the contract, we attribute to the embedded derivative a portion of rider fees collected from the contract holder, which is then held static in future valuations. That portion of the fees, generally referred to as the attributed fees, are set such that the present value of the attributed fees is equal to the present value of future claims expected to be paid under the guaranteed benefit at the inception of the contract. In subsequent valuations, both the present value of future benefits and the present value of attributed fees are revalued based on current market conditions and policyholder behavior assumptions. The difference between each of the two components represents the fair value of the embedded derivative. 
 
 The fair value calculation described above is based on the present value of future cash flows comprised of future expected benefit payments, less future attributed rider fees, over the lives of the contracts. Estimating these cash flows requires numerous estimates and subjective judgments related to capital market inputs, as well as actuarially determined assumptions related to expectations concerning policyholder behavior. Capital market inputs include expected market rates of return, market volatility, correlations of market index returns to funds, fund performance and discount rates. The more significant actuarial assumptions include benefit utilization by customers, persistency, mortality and withdrawal rates. Best 
 94 

Part II | Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | Critical Accounting Estimates 

 estimate assumptions plus risk margins are used as applicable. See Policy and Contract Liabilities Actuarial Assumption Changes (Unlocking). 
 
 At each valuation date, we assume expected returns based on constant maturity treasury rates as of that date to determine the value of expected future cash flows produced in a stochastic process. Volatility assumptions are based on a weighting of available market data for implied market volatility for durations up to 10 years, grading to a historical volatility level by year 15, where such long-term historical volatility levels contain an explicit risk margin. Additionally, non-performance risk is incorporated into the calculation through the adjustment of the risk-free rate curve based on spreads indicated by a blend of yields on similarly rated peer debt and yields on JFI debt (adjusted to operating company levels). Risk margins are also incorporated into the model assumptions, particularly for policyholder behavior. Estimates of future policyholder behavior are subjective and are based primarily on our own experience. 
 
 We have also established additional reserves for life insurance business for universal life plans with secondary guarantees, interest-sensitive life plans that exhibit profits followed by loss patterns and account balance adjustments to tabular guaranteed cash values on one interest-sensitive life plan. These reserves are determined using a series of deterministic premium persistency scenarios and other experience assumptions, discounted using rates equal to the crediting rates of the policies. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 Income taxes represent the net amount of income taxes that we expect to pay to or receive from various taxing jurisdictions in connection with our operations. We provide for federal and state income taxes currently payable, as well as those deferred due to temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. 
 
 Deferred federal income taxes arise from the recognition of temporary differences between the basis of assets and liabilities determined for financial reporting purposes and the basis determined for income tax purposes. Such temporary differences are principally related to the effects of recording certain invested assets at market value, the deferral of acquisition costs and sales inducements and the provisions for future policy benefits and expenses. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the tax rates expected to be in effect when such benefits are realized. We are required to test the value of deferred tax assets for realizability. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if, based on the weight of available positive and negative evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion, or all, of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. In determining the need for a valuation allowance, we consider the carryback eligibility of losses, reversal of existing temporary differences, estimated future taxable income and tax planning strategies. 
 
 Determining the valuation allowance for our deferred tax assets requires management to make certain judgments and assumptions regarding future operations that are based on historical experience and expectations of future performance. To recognize a tax benefit in the Consolidated Financial Statements, there must be a greater than 50 chance of success of our position being sustained by the relevant taxing authority with regard to that tax position. Management s judgments are potentially subject to change given the inherent uncertainty in predicting future performance, which is impacted by such factors as policyholder behavior, competitor pricing and other specific industry and market conditions. 
 
 Reinsurance 
 
 Accounting for reinsurance requires extensive use of assumptions and estimates, particularly related to the future performance of the underlying business and the potential impact of counterparty credit risk with respect to reinsurance receivables. We periodically review actual and anticipated experience compared to the previously mentioned assumptions used to establish assets and liabilities relating to ceded and assumed reinsurance and evaluate the financial strength of counterparties to our reinsurance agreements. Counterparty credit risk may be managed through the use of letters of credit, collateral trusts or on balance sheet funds withheld agreements. Assets held under funds withheld agreements are included on our balance sheets, but remain the property of the respective counterparties subject to triggers embedded within the relevant reinsurance agreements. 
 
 Additionally, for each of our reinsurance agreements, we determine whether the agreement provides indemnification against loss or liability relating to insurance risk, in accordance with applicable accounting standards. We review all contractual features, including those that may limit the amount of insurance risk to which the reinsurer is subject or features that delay the timely reimbursement of claims. If we determine that a reinsurance agreement does not expose the reinsurer 
 95 

Part II | Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | Critical Accounting Estimates 

 to a reasonable possibility of a significant loss from insurance risk, we record the agreement using the deposit method of accounting. For reinsurance contracts other than those covering GMIB exposure, reinsurance recoverable balances are calculated using methodologies and assumptions that are consistent with those used to calculate the direct liabilities. 
 
 Our GMIBs are reinsured with an unrelated party and, due to the net settlement provisions of the reinsurance agreement, meet the definition of a derivative. Accordingly, the GMIB reinsurance agreement is recorded at fair value using internally developed models consistent with those used to value our other products with optional guaranteed benefits. 
 
 Investments Valuation and Impairment 
 
 We determine the fair values of certain financial assets and liabilities based on quoted market prices, where available. When necessary, we may also determine fair value based on estimated future cash flows discounted at the appropriate current market rate. Fair values also, if appropriate, reflect adjustments for counterparty credit quality, credit rating, liquidity and incorporate risk margins for unobservable inputs. 
 
 Where quoted market prices are not available, fair value estimates are made at a point in time, based on relevant market data, as well as the best information about the individual financial instrument. At times, illiquid market conditions could result in inactive markets for certain of our financial instruments. In such instances, there could be no or limited observable market data for these assets and liabilities. Fair value estimates for financial instruments deemed to be in an illiquid market are based on judgments regarding current economic conditions, liquidity discounts, currency, credit and interest rate risks, loss experience and other factors. These fair values are estimates and involve considerable uncertainty and variability as a result of the inputs selected and may differ materially from the values that would have been used had an active market existed. As a result of market inactivity, such calculated fair value estimates may not be realizable in an immediate sale or settlement of the instrument. In addition, changes in the underlying assumptions used in the fair value measurement technique could significantly affect these fair value estimates. 
 
 We periodically review our available-for-sale debt securities on a case-by-case basis to determine if an impairment is necessary for securities with a decline in fair value to below cost or amortized cost. Factors considered in determining whether an impairment is necessary include whether we have the intent to sell, or whether it is more likely than not we will be required to sell the security before the amortized cost basis is fully recovered, the severity of the unrealized loss, the reasons for the decline in value and expectations for the amount and timing of a recovery in fair value. For debt securities in an unrealized loss position, for which we deem an impairment necessary, the amortized cost may be written down to fair value through net gains (losses) on derivatives and investments, or an ACL may be recorded along with a charge to net gains (losses) on derivatives and investments. 
 
 Securities determined to be underperforming or potential problem securities are subject to regular review. To facilitate the review, securities with significant declines in value, or where other objective criteria evidencing credit deterioration have been met, are included on a watch list. Among the criteria for securities to be included on a watch list are: credit deterioration that has led to a significant decline in fair value of the security; a significant covenant related to the security has been breached; or an issuer has filed or indicated a possibility of filing for bankruptcy, has missed or announced it intends to miss a scheduled interest or principal payment, or has experienced a specific material adverse change that could impair its creditworthiness. 
 
 In performing these reviews, we consider the relevant facts and circumstances relating to each investment and exercise considerable judgment in determining whether an impairment is needed for a particular security. Assessment factors include judgments about an obligor s current and projected financial position, an issuer s current and projected ability to service and repay its debt obligations, the existence of, and realizable value of, any collateral backing the obligations and the outlooks for specific industries and issuers. This assessment may also involve assumptions regarding underlying collateral such as prepayment rates, default and recovery rates, and third-party servicing capabilities. 
 
 In addition to the review procedures described above, investments in asset-backed securities where market prices are depressed are subject to a review of their future estimated cash flows, including expected and stress case scenarios, to identify potential shortfalls in contractual payments. These estimated cash flows are developed using available performance indicators from the underlying assets including current and projected default or delinquency rates, levels of credit enhancement, current subordination levels, vintage, expected loss severity and other relevant characteristics. These 
 96 

Part II | Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | Critical Accounting Estimates 

 estimates reflect a combination of data derived by third parties and internally developed assumptions. Where possible, this data is benchmarked against third-party sources. 
 
 For mortgage-backed securities, credit losses are assessed using a cash flow model that estimates the cash flows on the underlying mortgages, using the security-specific collateral characteristics and transaction structure. The model estimates cash flows from the underlying mortgage loans and distributes those cash flows to various tranches of securities, considering the transaction structure and any subordination and credit enhancements existing in that structure. The cash flow model incorporates actual cash flows on the mortgage-backed securities through the current period and then projects the remaining cash flows using a number of assumptions, including prepayment speeds, default rates and loss severity. Specifically, for prime and Alt-A RMBS, the assumed default percentage is dependent on the severity of delinquency status, with foreclosures and real estate owned receiving higher rates, but also includes the currently performing loans. These estimates reflect a combination of data derived by third parties and internally developed assumptions. Where possible, this data is benchmarked against other third-party sources. In addition, these estimates are extrapolated along a default timing curve to estimate the total lifetime pool default rate. 
 
 After these reviews, we recognize impairments on debt securities in an unrealized loss position when any of the following circumstances exists: 
 We intend to sell a security; 
 It is more likely than not that we will be required to sell a security prior to recovery; or 
 We do not expect full recovery of the amortized cost based on the discounted cash flows estimated to be collected. 
 
 Mortgage loans, which are not carried at fair value under the fair value option, are carried at the aggregate unpaid principal balance, adjusted for any applicable unamortized discount or premium, or ACL. Acquisition discounts and premiums on mortgage loans are amortized into investment income through maturity dates using the effective interest method. Interest income is accrued on the principal balance of the loan based on the loan s contractual interest rate. Interest income and amortization of premiums and discounts are reported in net investment income along with prepayment fees and mortgage loan fees, which are recorded as incurred. 
 
 We review mortgage loans on a quarterly basis to estimate the ACL with changes in the ACL recorded in net gains (losses) on derivatives and investments. Apart from an ACL recorded on individual mortgage loans where the borrower is experiencing financial difficulties, we record an ACL on the pool of mortgage loans based on lifetime expected credit losses. Credit loss estimates are pooled by property type and unfunded commitments are included in the model with an allowance for credit losses determined accordingly. 
 
 Mortgage loans on real estate deemed uncollectible are charged against the ACL, and subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the ACL. 
 
 Accrued interest receivables are presented separate from the amortized cost of debt securities and mortgage loans. An allowance for credit losses is not estimated on an accrued interest receivable. Rather, receivable balances that are deemed uncollectible are written off with a corresponding reduction to net investment income. 
 
 Derivatives 
 
 Freestanding Derivative Instruments 
 
 We enter into financial derivative transactions, including swaps, put-swaptions, futures and options to reduce and manage business risks. These transactions manage the risk of a change in the value, yield, price, cash flows, credit quality or degree of exposure with respect to assets, liabilities or future cash flows that we have acquired or incurred. 
 
 Freestanding derivative instruments are reported at fair value, that reflects the estimated amounts, net of payment accruals, which we would receive or pay upon sale or termination of the contracts at the reporting date. Freestanding derivatives priced using third party pricing services incorporate inputs that are predominantly observable in the market. The determination of the estimated fair value of freestanding derivatives, when quoted market values are not available, is based on market standard valuation methodologies and inputs that management believes are consistent with what other market 
 97 

Part II | Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations | Critical Accounting Estimates 

 participants would use when pricing such instruments. Derivative valuations can be affected by changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, financial indices, credit spreads, default risk, nonperformance risk, volatility, liquidity and changes in estimates and assumptions used in the pricing models. See Notes 5 and 6 to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on significant inputs into our derivative pricing methodology. 
 
 Embedded Derivatives - Product Liabilities 
 
 Certain liabilities, including fixed index annuities, RILAs, and guarantees offered in connection with variable, fixed index, or registered index-linked annuities issued by us, may contain embedded derivatives. Derivatives embedded in certain host insurance contracts that have been separated for accounting and financial reporting purposes, are carried at fair value. 
 
 See Notes 5 and 10 to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on our accounting policies for embedded derivatives bifurcated for insurance host contracts. 
 
 Embedded Derivatives - Funds Withheld Reinsurance Agreements 
 
 The Company has recorded an embedded derivative liability related to the Athene Reinsurance Agreement (the Athene Embedded Derivative in accordance with ASC 815-15 as Jackson s obligation under the Reinsurance Agreement is based on the total return of investments in a segregated funds withheld account rather than Jackson s own creditworthiness. As the Reinsurance Agreement transfers the economics of the investments in the segregated funds withheld account to Athene, they will receive an investment return equivalent to owning the underlying assets. At inception of the Reinsurance Agreement, the Athene Embedded Derivative was valued at zero. Additionally, the inception fair value of the investments in the segregated funds withheld account differed from their book value and, accordingly, the amortization of this difference is reported in Net gains (losses) on derivatives and investments in the Consolidated Income Statement, while the investments are held. Subsequent to the effective date of the Reinsurance Agreement, the Athene Embedded Derivative is measured at fair value with changes reported in Net gains (losses) on derivatives and investments in the Consolidated Income Statement. The Athene Embedded Derivative Liability is included in Funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 See Note 8 to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on Athene Reinsurance Transaction. 
 
 Net Investment Income 
 
 Net investment income reported for each of our three segments and Corporate and Other includes an allocation for investment income generated on assigned capital. The amount of capital assigned to each of our segments for purposes of measuring segment net investment income is established at a level that management considers necessary to support the segment s risks. This assessment is determined based upon internal models and contemplates National Association of Insurance Commissioners NAIC RBC requirements at internally defined levels. Capital in excess of the amount required to support our core operating strategies is considered excess equity capital and is reflected in Corporate and Other. 
 
 Contingent Liabilities 
 
 We are a party to legal actions and, at times, regulatory investigations. Given the inherent unpredictability of these matters, it is difficult to estimate their impact on our financial position. A reserve is established for contingent liabilities if it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount is reasonably estimable. It is possible that an adverse outcome in certain of our contingent liabilities, or the use of different assumptions in the determination of amounts recorded, could have a material effect upon our financial position. However, it is the opinion of management that the ultimate disposition of contingent liabilities is unlikely to have a material adverse effect on our financial position. 
 
 Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities VIEs 
 
 The Company invests in a number of asset types that it has determined are VIEs, such as equity positions in collateralized loan obligations CLOs ), limited partnerships LPs ), limited liability companies LLCs ), and mutual funds that are assessed to determine whether they meet the criteria as a VIE. For those entities deemed to be VIEs, we further assess whether the VIE must be consolidated as a result of the terms specific to each entity. Entities for which consolidation is required are included on our Consolidated Financial Statements. To the extent that external parties are also invested in 
 98 

Part II | Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

 these VIEs, a non-controlling interest is reflected on our Consolidated Financial Statements as well. See Note 4 to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 Our primary market risk exposure results from interest rate fluctuations, equity price movements and changes in credit spreads. 
 
 Risk Management 
 
 Our actuarial, asset-liability management and finance functions provide first-line management of our market risk exposures. Our risk function provides risk control and oversight and our internal audit team provides independent assurance. Our enterprise risk management framework contemplates a wide range of market risks and focuses on exposures and Risk Limits on a consolidated basis for the Company. 
 
 We have an Asset Liability Management Committee ALCO that maintains a written asset-liability management policy, which is approved by our Board of Directors. The membership of ALCO includes the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Risk Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Actuary and Head of Asset-Liability Management. ALCO regularly reviews all material financial risks in accordance with our asset-liability management policy. If market risks exceed predetermined tolerances, ALCO is required to inform the Finance and Risk Committee of our Board of Directors. ALCO proposes how best to mitigate or address such risks. Our Enterprise Risk Management Framework is more fully discussed in Part I Item 1. Business Risk Management. 
 
 Market Risk Fair Value Exposures 
 
 We have exposure to market risk through our annuity and insurance operations, general account investment activities and risk management activities. For the purpose of this Item, we define market risk as changes in fair value resulting from changes in interest rates or equity market prices. We regularly analyze our exposures to interest rates and equity markets. As a result of this analysis, we have determined that the estimated fair values of certain assets and liabilities may be materially impacted by changes in interest rates and equity markets. Our exposures to interest rates and equity markets also impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows other than through changes in fair value. See Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Conditions in the Global Financial Markets and Economy. 
 
 Interest Rates 
 
 Our market risk exposure to changes in interest rates principally arises from investments in fixed-income securities (primarily, publicly-traded corporate and government bonds and asset-backed securities), interest-rate derivative instruments and embedded derivatives associated with variable and fixed index annuity guaranteed benefits. 
 
 Equity Markets 
 
 Our market risk exposure to changes in equity markets principally arises from investments in equity securities, equity derivative instruments and embedded derivatives associated with variable annuity, fixed index annuity guaranteed benefits, and RILA. 
 
 Variable Annuity Equity Market Risk 
 
 Equity market risk arises from the variable annuities we offer principally in the following ways: 
 
 Core contract charges and investment management fees are generally calculated based on the account value. Our customers typically allocate a significant portion of their account value to separate account investment options that hold equity securities. Increases or decreases in the value of the referenced equity securities will increase or decrease the associated core contract charges and investment management fees. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, 76 of our total variable annuity account value included a return of premium death benefit and 11 of our total variable annuity account value included an enhanced GMDB selection. Decreases in equity markets increase the likelihood that a customer s account value will be insufficient to cover the benefit paid 
 99 

Part II | Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

 to the beneficiary at the time of a claim following the customer s death. As a result, the risk associated with such payouts is dependent on both the equity market performance and the time of the claim. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, 75 of total variable annuity account value included either a GMWB for Life or GMWB selection. These benefits guarantee minimum payments based on a fixed annual percentage of the benefit base. These withdrawals may continue even if the account value subsequently falls to zero. When equity markets decrease, we generally expect account values to decline, and the account value therefore to be able to fund relatively fewer guaranteed withdrawals. Conversely, increases in equity markets generally increase account values and extend the number of withdrawals the account value is able to fund. 
 
 See Part I Item 1. Business Our Product Offerings by Segment Retail Annuities for additional information about variable annuity guaranteed living benefit and guaranteed death benefit riders. 
 
 In addition to equity market declines, certain other equity market changes could also increase our losses. For example, certain of our guaranteed living benefits and guaranteed death benefits include provisions that step up the benefit base if the account value exceeds the benefit base at specified time intervals (generally annually or quarterly). Therefore, if equity markets increase over the short-term but return to lower levels in the longer-term, those step-up provisions could increase the benefit base relative to the account value, resulting in additional benefit payments paid by us compared to a scenario where equity markets had remained flat over time. The fees attributable to guaranteed benefits are generally calculated based on the benefit base, so the scenario in which equity markets increase and then later decrease will also result in relatively higher fee income. 
 
 Fixed Index Annuity Equity Market Risk 
 
 We sell fixed index annuities where the crediting rate to the contract holder is determined by reference to equity market performance. A higher equity market return over a given period will credit more interest to the account value of those annuities, though the final amounts credited are generally capped at specified maximum possible crediting rates. 
 
 We also offer an optional lifetime withdrawal guarantee benefit on our fixed index annuities, which allows contract holders to withdraw a specified amount each year until death, or until the contract holder s account value is exhausted. See Part I Item 1. Business Our Product Offerings by Segment Retail Annuities for additional information about fixed index annuity guaranteed living benefit riders. The equity market risk exposure on these benefits differs from comparable benefits offered on variable annuities, because declines in equity markets only reduce the interest credited to the customer s account value for that period and not the account value itself. As a result, declines in equity markets do not shorten the time remaining before we expect to make payments on these guarantees. However, increasing equity markets will result in higher amounts credited to the customer s account value, thereby extending the number of annual guaranteed withdrawals funded from the account value. 
 
 RILA Equity Market Risk 
 
 We sell RILA where the crediting rate to the contract holder is determined by reference to equity market performance. Similar to fixed index annuities, a higher equity market return over a given period will credit more interest to the account value of those annuities, though the final amounts credited are generally capped at specified maximum possible crediting rates. Unlike fixed index annuities, and similar to variable annuities, a lower equity market return over a given period may result in a reduction to the account value. Unlike variable annuities, the amount of the reduction is limited by a floor (which defines the maximum amount of market loss to which the contract holder is exposed) or buffer (which defines the amount of the market loss not credited to the contract holder). 
 
 We also offer a return of premium death benefit on our RILA. Decreases in equity markets increase the likelihood that a customer s account value will be insufficient to cover the benefit paid to the beneficiary at the time of a claim following the customer s death. As a result, the risk associated with such payouts is dependent on both the equity market performance and the time of the claim. See Part I Item 1. Business Our Product Offerings by Segment Retail Annuities for additional information about RILA. 
 
 100 

Part II | Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

 Our Hedging Approach and Evaluating Hedge Effectiveness 
 
 Our hedging program seeks to balance three objectives: protecting against the economic impact of adverse market conditions, protecting our statutory capital and stabilizing our statutory distributable earnings throughout market cycles. Our core dynamic hedging program seeks to offset changes in economic liability associated with variable annuity guaranteed benefits due to market movements, while our macro hedging program seeks to protect statutory capital under a range of stress scenarios. Our hedging program is described in more detail in Part I Item 1. Business Risk Management Financial Risk. 
 
 Depending on market conditions and our capital position, we may favor the use of one type of hedging instrument over another. When evaluating the effectiveness of our hedge program we look at the combined net effect of our hedge assets and the liabilities these assets are intended to hedge. We consider our hedge program effective if it is successful in keeping the net effect of these assets and liabilities within our defined risk measures and limits. This analysis of hedge positioning relative to the liabilities these assets are intended to hedge provides our management team a view on the effectiveness of the hedging program. 
 
 For our equity market exposure, we compare the impact of changes to equity markets on our hedge assets relative to the liabilities these assets are intended to hedge. For example, in periods with increasing equity markets, we expect significant losses on our equity hedges, but as increasing equity markets also generally increase contract holder account values, we expect a related decrease in the likelihood or level of future payments we need to make on our guaranteed benefits. Likewise, in periods of decreasing markets we expect significant increases in the value of our equity hedges, but also would expect liabilities for future guaranteed benefit payments to increase. 
 
 For our interest rate exposure, similar to equity market risk, we evaluate the level of interest rate hedge coverage by comparing the impacts of interest rate movements on our hedge assets relative to the liabilities these assets are intended to hedge. The types of derivative instruments we use to manage interest rate risk are different from those we use to manage equity market risk. We also recognize the sensitivity of our equity hedges to interest rates but believe their contribution to the overall interest rate hedge is small due to their relatively short duration of these derivatives. 
 
 Risk Measurement Sensitivity Analysis 
 
 In the following discussion and analysis, we measure market risk related to our market sensitive assets and liabilities based on changes in interest rates and equity market prices utilizing an internal sensitivity analysis. Due to our current portfolio structure and holdings, foreign currency movements are not material to the Company. This analysis estimates the potential changes in estimated fair value or carrying value with respect to our reserves based on a hypothetical 50 basis point parallel shift (increase or decrease) in risk-free interest rates and a 10 change (increase or decrease) in equity market prices. In performing the analysis summarized below, we used market rates and balance sheet positions as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We modeled the impact of changes in market rates and prices on the estimated fair values of our market sensitive assets and liabilities as follows: 
 
 the net present values of our interest rate sensitive exposures resulting from a parallel 50 basis point shift (increase or decrease) in interest rates; and 
 
 the estimated fair value of our equity positions due to a 10 change (increase or decrease) in equity market prices. 
 
 The sensitivity analysis reflects hypothetical scenarios and is an estimate as of a specific point in time based on asset and liability positioning on that date. These hypothetical scenarios do not represent management s view of future market changes and should not be viewed as predictive of our future financial performance. Actual results in any particular period may vary from the amounts indicated in the table below as a result of changes in the composition of our assets and liabilities, market conditions, management actions and other factors. 
 
 The sensitivity analysis reflects changes in fair value resulting from changes in interest rates or equity market levels and does not reflect changes in the economic value of assets or liabilities. 

101 

Part II | Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

 The market risk information is limited by the assumptions and parameters established in creating the related sensitivity analysis, including: 
 
 interest-rate sensitive liabilities do not include 72.0 billion and 73.3 billion of policy and contract liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are accounted for on a book value basis under U.S. GAAP; 
 
 interest-rate sensitive assets do not include assets accounted for on a book value basis under U.S. GAAP, which primarily consist of 11.0 billion and 11.5 billion of mortgage loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; 
 
 the analysis excludes the effect of market or interest rate impacts on assets and liabilities related our funds withheld reinsurance treaties; 
 
 the analysis excludes real estate holdings; 
 
 the analysis excludes the impact of changes in DAC and income taxes; and 
 
 the analysis assumes that the composition of assets and liabilities remains unchanged upon measurement and excludes the impacts of management actions. 
 
 Given the limitations described above, we use models as tools and not as substitutes for the experience and judgment of our management. Based on the fair values of the financial instruments and our analysis of the impacts of the measured changes in market rates and prices, we have determined that our interest rate and equity market exposures are material. 
 
 The table below provides detail regarding the potential change in estimated fair value of our debt securities and the carrying value of our fixed index and variable annuity guarantee liabilities due to a 50 basis point parallel increase and decrease in the yield curve by type of asset or liability (in millions): 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Fair Impact of Impact of Fair Impact of Impact of Value +50 bps -50 bps Value +50 bps -50 bps Change Change Change Change Debt Securities (1) 
 Floating Rate 3,025 1 2,418 (17) 4 Fixed Rate 27,956 (906) 946 31,698 (1,567) 1,067 (1) Includes debt securities that are classified as available-for-sale or trading and includes securities at fair value under the fair value option. 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Carrying Value Impact of +50 bps Change Impact of -50 bps Change Carrying Value Impact of +50 bps Change Impact of -50 bps Change Fixed Index and Variable Annuity Guarantee Liabilities 499 (1,531) 1,726 4,031 (2,646) 2,997 
 
 The carrying value of variable and fixed index annuity guarantee liabilities reflects the present value of projected benefit payments less the present value of attributed fees. These benefit payments and fees are subject to differing degrees of discounting, as benefit payments are generally projected to occur further in the future as compared to attributed fees. As a result, the degree of sensitivity between the present values of projected fees as compared to the present values of projected benefit payments may result in disproportionate sensitivity impacts relative to the liability carrying value. 

102 

Part II | Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

 The table below provides additional detail regarding the potential change in estimated fair value of our equity investment portfolio and carrying value of our fixed index and variable annuity guarantee liabilities due to a 10 increase and decrease in equity market prices by type of asset or liability (in millions): 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Fair Impact of Impact of Fair Impact of Impact of Value 10 -10 Value 10 -10 Change Change Change Change Equity Securities and Limited Partnerships 2,734 (273) 273 2,279 (228) 228 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Carrying Impact of Impact of Carrying Impact of Impact of Value 10 -10 Value 10 -10 Change Change Change Change Fixed Index and Variable Annuity Guarantee Liabilities 499 (1,793) 2,202 4,031 (663) 1,526 
 
 The carrying value of our annuity guarantee liabilities reflect our contract holders exposure to equity market declines. When equity markets increase, this exposure and the related liability declines. 
 
 The table below provides details regarding the potential change in estimated fair value of our derivative instruments due to a 50 basis point parallel increase and decrease in the yield curve by type of derivative instrument, as well as the potential change in estimated fair value of our derivative instruments due to a 10 increase and decrease in equity prices (in millions): 
 Interest Rate Sensitivity Notional Weighted Impact of Fair Impact of Amount Average Term +50 bps Value -50 bps (Years) Change Change December 31, 2022 Swaps 11,053 6.01 (165) (257) 174 Swaptions 25,000 1.07 (685) (1,711) 647 Interest Rate Futures 105,261 0.91 (102) 83 Total (952) (1,968) 904 December 31, 2021 Swaps 10,995 6.99 (226) 450 238 Swaptions 19,000 2.07 (427) 133 416 Interest Rate Futures 912 0.25 (66) 73 Total (719) 583 727 Equity Sensitivity Notional Weighted Impact of Fair Impact of Amount Average Term +10 Value -10 (Years) Change Change December 31, 2022 Options 48,000 0.53 225 1,064 916 Calls 17,500 0.10 698 106 (99) Puts 30,500 0.77 (473) 958 1,015 Equity Futures 19,760 1.78 (1,988) 1,988 Total Return Swaps 739 4.34 (71) 31 71 Total (1,834) 1,095 2,975 December 31, 2021 Options 48,500 0.20 1,549 756 (115) Calls 21,000 0.20 1,672 606 (569) Puts 27,500 0.20 (123) 150 454 Equity Futures 18,258 0.21 (1,826) 1,826 Total (277) 756 1,711 
 103 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , , Auditor Firm ID: 
 105 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet s as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 110 
 Consolidated Income Statements for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 111 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 112 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 113 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 114 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Note 1. Business and Basis of Presentation 
 116 
 Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 118 
 Note 3. Segment Information 
 121 
 Note 4. Investments 
 127 
 Note 5. Derivative Instruments 
 142 
 Note 6. Fair Value Measurements 
 148 
 Note 7. Deferred Acquisition Costs and Deferred Sales Inducements 
 165 
 Note 8. Reinsurance 
 166 
 Note 9. Reserves for Future Policy Benefits and Claims Payable and Other Contract Holder Funds 
 170 
 Note 10. Certain Nontraditional Long-Duration Contracts and Variable Annuity Guarantees 
 173 
 Note 11. Long-term Debt 
 179 
 Note 12. Federal Home Loan Bank Advances 
 180 
 Note 13. Income Taxes 
 181 
 Note 14. Commitments and Contingencies 
 185 
 Note 15. Leases 
 186 
 Note 16. Share-Based Compensation 
 187 
 Note 17. Other Related Party Transactions 
 189 
 Note 18. Statutory Accounting and Regulatory Matters 
 190 
 Note 19. Benefit Plans 
 191 
 Note 20. Operating Costs and Other Expenses 
 191 
 Note 21. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 192 
 Note 22. Equity 
 192 
 Note 23. Earnings Per Share 
 195 
 Note 24. Revision and Reclassifications of Prior Period Financial Statements 
 195 
 Note 25. Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) 
 197 
 Note 26. Subsequent Events 
 197 
 Financial Statement Schedules: Schedule I Summary of Investments Other Than Investments in Related Parties as of December 31, 2022 
 198 
 Schedule II Financial Statements of Jackson Financial Inc. (Parent Only) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 199 
 Schedule III Supplemental Insurance Information for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 202 
 Schedule IV Reinsurance for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 204 
 Schedule V Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 205 
 
 104 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Jackson Financial Inc.: 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Jackson Financial Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated income statements, statements of comprehensive income (loss), equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedules I to V (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ), and our report dated March 1, 2023 expressed an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Liability for future policy benefits for certain variable annuity guarantees 
 
 As disclosed in Notes 6 and 10 to the consolidated financial statements, variable annuity contracts issued by the Company offer guaranteed minimum death benefits (GMDBs) and guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits (GMWBs). The non-life contingent component of a GMWB is considered an embedded derivative and reported at fair value. The liability for GMDBs is measured in accordance with the measurement guidance for death and other insurance benefits. The Company estimates the liability for the GMDBs and fair value of embedded derivatives for the non-life contingent component of the 
 105 

GMWBs (GMWB embedded derivatives) using subjective judgments related to capital market assumptions, as well as actuarially determined assumptions related to expectations of future policyholder behavior. The Company regularly evaluates and updates these assumptions if actual experience or other evidence suggests that earlier assumptions should be revised. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the GMWB embedded derivatives was a net asset estimated to be 2,154 million and the liability for the GMDBs was estimated to be 2,209 million. These balances are reported within reserves for future policy benefits and claims payable in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 We identified the evaluation of certain assumptions used to estimate the value of the GMWB embedded derivatives and the liability for the GMDBs as a critical audit matter. Due to the significant measurement uncertainty, this evaluation involved subjective auditor judgment and required specialized skills and knowledge related to the assumptions for mortality, benefit utilization, lapse (collectively, the actuarially-derived assumptions for GMWB embedded derivatives), fair value discount rates for GMWB embedded derivatives, and the assumptions for mortality, lapse, fund performance, and GMDB discount rates for the liability for the GMDBs (collectively, the GMDB assumptions). 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. With the assistance of actuarial professionals, we evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls, including controls related to the development of the actuarially-derived assumptions for the GMWB embedded derivatives and GMDB assumptions. We involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge who assisted in evaluating the Company s estimate of the fair value discount rates for the GMWB embedded derivatives, which included assessing the methodology and assumptions utilized by the Company to develop the assumptions for fair value discount rates by developing independent discount rate curves and comparing them to those used by the Company. We involved actuarial professionals with specialized skills and industry knowledge, who assisted in: 
 
 Evaluating the consistency of the Company s methodology for determining the actuarially-derived assumptions for the GMWB embedded derivatives and the GMDB assumptions for compliance with generally accepted actuarial standards. 
 Comparing the actuarially-derived assumptions for the GMWB embedded derivatives and the GMDB assumptions with the Company s emerging experience or market trends and evaluating the reasonableness of assumptions where deviations from Company experience or market trends were identified. 
 Testing the Company s estimate of the GMWB embedded derivatives and the liability for the GMDBs by recalculating the estimated reserve for a selection of policies using management s assumptions and comparing the results to the Company s estimates. 
 
 Amortization of deferred acquisition costs 
 
 As discussed in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements, for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company reported amortization of deferred acquisition costs of (1,734) million. A substantial portion of this amortization and the unamortized DAC balance as of December 31, 2022, relates to variable annuity contracts, including contracts with guaranteed benefit riders, which is amortized into income in proportion to estimated gross profits of the relevant contracts. Assumptions impacting estimated future gross profits used in the calculation of the amortization of the deferred acquisition costs include but are not limited to policyholder behavior assumptions, mortality rates, investment returns and projected hedging costs. The Company regularly evaluates and updates these assumptions, causing adjustments to the estimated gross profits, if actual experience or other evidence suggests that earlier assumptions should be revised. 
 
 We identified the evaluation of certain assumptions used to estimate gross profits used in the amortization of deferred acquisition costs for variable annuity contracts as a critical audit matter. Specifically, a high degree of subjective auditor judgment, as well as specialized skills and industry knowledge, were required in evaluating certain assumptions, including mortality, lapse, benefit utilization rates, investment returns, and projected hedging costs, collectively defined as assumptions. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. With the assistance of actuarial professionals with specialized skills and industry knowledge, we evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company s development and selection of assumptions used to estimate future gross profits. We involved actuarial professionals with specialized skills and industry knowledge, who assisted in: 
 
 evaluating the consistency with prior periods of the Company s methodology for estimating assumptions 
 106 

comparing the assumptions with the Company s emerging experience or market trends and evaluating the reasonableness of the assumptions where deviations from Company experience or market trends were identified 
 testing the application of the Company s estimation of gross profits used in the amortization of deferred acquisition costs and confirming the use of the Company s assumptions by recalculating the estimates of future gross profits for a selection of policies and comparing the results to the Company s estimates 
 
 Disclosure of the expected transition date impact on total equity from the adoption of ASU 2018-12 
 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company disclosed the expected transition date impact of the adoption of ASU 2018-12: Financial Services - Insurance (Topic 944), Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts (the standard). The Company will adopt the standard effective January 1, 2023, with a transition date of January 1, 2021, using the modified retrospective transition method, except for market risk benefits for which the Company will apply a full retrospective transition approach. At transition, the standard requires the Company to measure certain insurance benefits as market risk benefits at fair value. Additionally, at transition the liability for future policy benefits will be measured using a discount rate that is based on the current upper-medium grade fixed-income instrument yield. The Company estimates the impact from the adoption will result in a decrease of approximately 3 billion in the Company s total equity at the transition date of January 1, 2021, a portion of which relates to market risk benefits. 
 
 We identified the assessment of the disclosure of the Company s expected transition date impact on total equity related to the assumptions, specifically the discount rate and cash flow assumptions (mortality, benefit utilization, lapse, and fund performance) (collectively, the assumptions), used to estimate the fair value of market risk benefits as a critical audit matter. There was a high degree of auditor effort and subjective auditor judgment involved in the evaluation of the assumptions used to estimate the transition date fair value of market risk benefits assets and liabilities. Evaluation of the assumptions required valuation and actuarial professionals with specialized skills and knowledge. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. With the assistance of actuarial professionals, we evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company s process to estimate the transition date impact, including controls related to the development of the cash flow assumptions. We involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge who assisted in evaluating the Company s estimate of the transition date discount rate, which included assessing the methodology and assumptions utilized by the Company to develop the discount rate assumption for market risk benefits by developing independent discount rate curves and comparing them to those used by the Company. We involved actuarial professionals with specialized skills and knowledge who assisted in evaluating the Company s estimate of the transition date fair value for market risk benefits, which included: 
 
 Evaluating the Company s methodology for determining cash flow assumptions used to estimate the transition date fair value of market risk benefits for compliance with generally accepted actuarial standards. 
 Comparing the cash flow assumptions with the Company s emerging experience or market trends and evaluating the reasonableness of these assumptions where deviations from Company experience or market trends were identified. 
 Assessing the reasonableness of the Company s fair value estimate for a selection of policies with market risk benefits by recalculating the fair value and comparing to the Company s estimate. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1999. 
 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 March 1, 2023 

107 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Jackson Financial Inc.: 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Jackson Financial Inc. and subsidiaries' (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). In our opinion, because of the effect of the material weakness, described below, on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, the Company has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated income statements, statements of comprehensive income (loss), equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedules I to V (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated March 1, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. A material weakness related to ineffective risk assessment of a process level control used to determine the nonperformance risk adjustment in developing the discount rate used to estimate the fair value of some of the guarantee features of variable annuity products has been identified and included in management s assessment. The material weakness was considered in determining the nature, timing, and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the 2022 consolidated financial statements, and this report does not affect our report on those consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and 
 108 

that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 March 1, 2023 

109 

Jackson Financial Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in millions, except per share data) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Investments: Debt Securities, available-for-sale, net of allowance for credit losses of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively (amortized cost: 2022 ; 2021 
 Debt Securities, at fair value under fair value option Debt Securities, trading, at fair value Equity securities, at fair value Mortgage loans, net of allowance for credit losses of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Mortgage loans, at fair value under fair value option Policy loans (including and at fair value under the fair value option at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Freestanding derivative instruments Other invested assets Total investments Cash and cash equivalents Accrued investment income Deferred acquisition costs Reinsurance recoverable, net of allowance for credit losses of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Deferred income taxes, net Other assets Separate account assets Total assets Liabilities and Equity Liabilities Reserves for future policy benefits and claims payable Other contract holder funds Funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties (including and at fair value under the fair value option at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Long-term debt Repurchase agreements and securities lending payable Collateral payable for derivative instruments Freestanding derivative instruments Notes issued by consolidated variable interest entities, at fair value under fair value option (See Note 4) Other liabilities Separate account liabilities Total liabilities Commitments, Contingencies, and Guarantees (See Note 14) Equity Common stock, (i) at December 31, 2022, common stock (formerly known as the Class A Common Stock at December 31, 2021) shares authorized, par value per share and shares issued and outstanding (ii) at December 31, 2021, Class A Common Stock shares authorized, par value per share and shares issued and outstanding and Class B Common Stock shares authorized, par value per share and shares issued and outstanding (See Note 22) 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock, at cost; and shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax expense (benefit) of ) in 2022 and in 2021 
 ) Retained earnings Total shareholders' equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 110 

Jackson Financial Inc. 
 Consolidated Income Statements 
 (in millions, except per share data) 
 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues Fee income Premiums Net investment income Net gains (losses) on derivatives and investments ) ) Other income Total revenues Benefits and Expenses Death, other policy benefits and change in policy reserves, net of deferrals Interest credited on other contract holder funds, net of deferrals and amortization Interest expense Operating costs and other expenses, net of deferrals Cost of reinsurance Amortization of deferred acquisition costs ) Total benefits and expenses Pretax income (loss) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net income (loss) ) Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Net income (loss) attributable to Jackson Financial Inc. ) Earnings per share Basic ) Diluted ) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 111 

Jackson Financial Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (in millions) 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on securities with no credit impairment net of tax expense (benefit) of: ), ), and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 ) ) Change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation on securities with credit impairment, net of tax expense (benefit) of: ), , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Less: Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Jackson Financial Inc. ) ) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 112 

Jackson Financial Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 (in millions) 
 
 Accumulated Additional Treasury Shares Equity Other Total Non- Common Paid-In Stock Held Compensation Comprehensive Retained Shareholders' Controlling Total Stock Capital at Cost In Trust Reserve Income Earnings Equity Interests Equity Balances as of December 31, 2019 ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) ) Change in unrealized investment gains and losses, net of tax Change in equity of noncontrolling interests Common stock issuance - debt restructure Common stock issuance - Athene Change in accounting principle, net of tax ) ) ) Shares acquired at cost ) ) ) Shares distributed at cost Reserve for equity compensation plans Balances as of December 31, 2020 ) ) Net income (loss) Change in unrealized investment gains and losses, net of tax ) ) ) Change in equity of noncontrolling interests ) ) Dividends on common stock ) ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Shares sold in connection with demerger Share based compensation Reserve for equity compensation plans ) ) ) Balances as of December 31, 2021 ) Net income (loss) Change in unrealized investment gains and losses, net of tax ) ) ) Change in equity of noncontrolling interests Dividends on common stock ) ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Share based compensation ) Balances as of December 31, 2022 ) ) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 113 

Jackson Financial Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in millions) 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Net realized losses (gains) on investments ) ) Net losses (gains) on derivatives ) Net losses (gains) on funds withheld reinsurance treaties ) ) Interest credited on other contract holder funds, gross Mortality, expense and surrender charges ) ) ) Amortization of discount and premium on investments Deferred income tax expense (benefit) ) Share-based compensation expense Cash received (paid to) from reinsurance transaction ) Change in: Accrued investment income ) Deferred acquisition costs ) ) Funds withheld, net of reinsurance ) ) Other assets and liabilities, net ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Sales, maturities and repayments of: Debt securities Equity securities Mortgage loans Purchases of: Debt securities ) ) ) Equity securities ) ) ) Mortgage loans ) ) ) Settlements related to derivatives and collateral on investments ) ) ) Other investing activities ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) ) 

(continued) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 114 

Jackson Financial Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (continued) 
 (in millions) 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from financing activities: Policyholders' account balances: Deposits Withdrawals ) ) ) Net transfers to separate accounts Proceeds from (payments on) repurchase agreements and securities lending ) Net proceeds from (payments on) Federal Home Loan Bank notes ) Net proceeds from (payments on) debt ) ) Net proceeds from issuance of senior notes Debt issuance costs ) ) Disposition of shares held in trust at cost, net Dividends on common stock ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Common stock issuance - Athene Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental cash flow information Income taxes paid (received) ) ) Interest paid Non-cash investing activities Debt securities acquired from exchanges, payments-in-kind, and similar transactions Other invested assets acquired from stock splits and stock distributions Non-cash financing activities Non-cash dividend equivalents on stock based awards ) Non-cash debt restructuring transactions ) Shares issued in settlement of the debt restructuring Reconciliation to Consolidated Balance Sheets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash (included in Other assets) Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 115 

Jackson Financial Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. 
 
 remaining interest in the Company, after the Company repurchased shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock subsequent to the Demerger, as further discussed in Note 22. 
 
 116 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 1. Business and Basis of Presentation 

 -for-1 stock split of its Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock by way of a reclassification of its Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock (the stock split ). The incremental par value of the newly issued shares was recorded with the offset to additional paid-in capital. All share and earnings per share information presented herein have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the stock split. On June 9, 2022, the Company s shareholders approved the Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, which eliminated the Class B Common Stock. As a result, the Class A Common Stock became simply, common stock. 
 
 On June 18, 2020, the Company s subsidiary, Jackson, announced that it had entered into a funds withheld coinsurance agreement with Athene Life Re Ltd. Athene effective June 1, 2020 to reinsure on quota share basis, a block of Jackson s in-force fixed and fixed-index annuity product liabilities in exchange for a billion ceding commission (the "Athene Reinsurance Agreement"). 
 
 In addition, we entered into an investment agreement with Athene, pursuant to which Athene invested million of capital in return for a voting interest corresponding to a economic interest in the Company. That investment was completed on July 17, 2020. In August 2020, the Company made a million capital contribution to its subsidiary, Jackson. As of December 31, 2022, Athene retained a voting interest and economic interest. 
 
 We continue to monitor developments related to the COVID-19 pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic caused significant economic and financial turmoil in the U.S. and around the world. There has been a steady resumption of activity during 2022; however, at this time it is not possible to estimate the long-term effectiveness of any therapeutic treatments and vaccines for COVID-19, or their efficacy with respect to current or future variants or mutations of COVID-19, or the longer-term effects that the COVID-19 pandemic could have on our business. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. The Company implemented business continuity plans that already were in place to ensure the availability of services for our customers, work at home capabilities for our associates, where appropriate, and other ongoing risk management activities. The Company had associates, as needed or voluntarily, in our offices during this time, as perm itted by local and state restrictions. The Company rolled out a broader return to office plan for all associate s, and since September 2022, required some associates to return to the office five days a week. A ssociate s below director level remain on an office-centric h ybrid schedule between in-office and remote working arrangements. 

117 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 1. Business and Basis of Presentation 

2. 

Other Significant Accounting Policies 

118 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

119 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

 billion in the Company s total equity at the transition date of January 1, 2021. This impact is based on the economic conditions experienced at the transition date. 
 
 The most significant drivers of the transition adjustment are: 
 changes to the measurement of certain benefits currently accounted for as insurance benefits (e.g., guaranteed minimum death benefits on variable annuities) which will be classified as market risk benefits upon adoption and remeasured at fair value, the impact of which is highly dependent on market conditions, including interest rates; 
 changes to the discount rate used to measure liabilities for future policyholder benefits which will be remeasured using current upper-medium grade fixed-income instrument yields, which are generally considered to be those on single-A rated public corporate debt; and 
 the removal of certain balances recorded in AOCI related to changes in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments. 
 
 In December 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-05, Financial Services Insurance: Transition for Sold Contracts , which amends the guidance in ASU 2018-12 to allow an insurance entity to make an accounting policy election, on a transaction-by-transaction basis, to exclude contracts that meet certain criteria from applying the amendments in ASU 2018-12. ASU 2022-05 is effective consistent with the effective date of ASU 2018-12. The Company will adopt the standard effective January 1, 2023. The Company does not plan to make the accounting policy election and does not anticipate an impact to the Consolidated Financial Statements upon adoption. 

120 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 3. Segment Information 

3. 
 
 reportable segments consisting of Retail Annuities, Institutional Products, and Closed Life and Annuity Block; plus, its Corporate and Other segment. These segments reflect how the Company s chief operating decision maker views and manages the business. The following is a brief description of the Company s reportable segments. 
 
 Retail Annuities 
 
 The Company s Retail Annuities segment offers a variety of retirement income and savings products through its diverse suite of products, consisting primarily of variable annuities, fixed index annuities, fixed annuities, payout annuities, and registered index-linked annuities ("RILA"). These products are distributed through various wirehouses, insurance brokers and independent broker-dealers, as well as through banks and financial institutions, primarily to high net worth investors and the mass and affluent markets. 
 
 The Company s variable annuities represent an attractive option for retirees and soon-to-be retirees, providing access to equity market appreciation and add-on benefits, including guaranteed lifetime income. A fixed index annuity is designed for investors who desire principal protection with the opportunity to participate in capped upside investment returns linked to a reference market index. The Company also provides access to guaranteed lifetime income as an add-on benefit. A fixed annuity is a guaranteed product designed to build wealth without market exposure, through a crediting rate that is likely to be superior to interest rates offered from banks or money market funds. A RILA product offers customers exposure to market returns through market index-linked investment options, subject to a cap, and offers a variety of guarantees designed to modify or limit losses. 
 
 The financial results of the variable annuity business within the Company s Retail Annuities segment are largely dependent on the performance of the contract holder account value, which impacts both the level of fees collected and the benefits paid to the contract holder. The financial results of the Company s fixed annuities, including the fixed option on variable annuities, RILA and fixed index annuities, are largely dependent on the Company s ability to earn a spread between earned investment rates on general account assets and the interest credited to contract holders. 
 
 Institutional Products 
 
 The Company s Institutional Products consist of traditional Guaranteed Investment Contracts ("GICs"), funding agreements (including agreements issued in conjunction with the Company s participation in the U.S. Federal Home Loan Bank ("FHLB") program) and medium-term note funding agreements. The Company s GIC products are marketed to defined contribution pension and profit-sharing retirement plans. Funding agreements are marketed to institutional investors, including corporate cash accounts and securities lending funds, as well as money market funds, and are issued to the FHLB in connection with its program. 
 
 The financial results of the Company s institutional products business are primarily dependent on the Company s ability to earn a spread between earned investment rates on general account assets and the interest credited on GICs and funding agreements. 
 
 Closed Life and Annuity Blocks 
 
 The Company's Closed Life and Annuity Blocks segment is primarily composed of blocks of business that have been acquired since 2004. The segment includes various protection products, primarily whole life, universal life, variable universal life, and term life insurance products, as well as fixed, fixed index, and payout annuities. The Closed Life and Annuity Blocks segment also includes a block of group payout annuities that we assumed from John Hancock Life Insurance Company (USA) John Hancock and John Hancock Life Insurance Company of New York John Hancock NY through reinsurance transactions in 2018 and 2019, respectively. The Company historically offered traditional and interest-sensitive life insurance products but discontinued new sales of life insurance products in 2012, as we believe opportunistically acquiring mature blocks of life insurance policies is a more efficient means of diversifying our in-force business than selling new life insurance products. 
 
 121 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 3. Segment Information 

 122 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 3. Segment Information 

123 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 3. Segment Information 

 Premiums Net investment income Income on operating derivatives ) Other income Total Operating Revenues Operating Benefits and Expenses Death, other policy benefits and change in policy reserves, net of deferrals Interest credited on other contract holder funds, net 
 of deferrals and amortization 
 Interest expense Operating costs and other expenses, net of deferrals Amortization of deferred acquisition costs Total Operating Benefits and Expenses Pretax Adjusted Operating Earnings ) ) 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Retail Annuities Closed Life and Annuity Blocks Institutional Products Corporate and Other Total Consolidated Operating Revenues Fee income Premiums Net investment income Income on operating derivatives ) Other income Total Operating Revenues Operating Benefits and Expenses Death, other policy benefits and change in policy reserves, net of deferrals Interest credited on other contract holder funds, net of deferrals and amortization Interest expense Operating costs and other expenses, net of deferrals Amortization of deferred acquisition costs Total Operating Benefits and Expenses Pretax Adjusted Operating Earnings ) 
 
 124 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 3. Segment Information 

 Premiums Net investment income ) Income on operating derivatives Other income Total Operating Revenues Operating Benefits and Expenses Death, other policy benefits and change in policy reserves, net of deferrals Interest credited on other contract holder funds, net of deferrals and amortization Interest expense Operating costs and other expenses, net of deferrals Amortization of deferred acquisition costs Total Operating Benefits and Expenses Pretax Adjusted Operating Earnings ) 
 
 Intersegment eliminations in the above tables are included in the Corporate and Other segment. This includes the elimination of investment income, net of deferred acquisition costs amortization, between Retail Annuities and the Corporate and Other segments. This also includes the elimination from fee income, investment income, and operating costs and other expenses, of investment fees paid by Jackson Financial subsidiaries to its affiliate PPM, which was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 125 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 3. Segment Information 

 Fees attributed to variable annuity benefit reserves Net gains (losses) on derivatives and investments ) ) Net investment income (loss) related to noncontrolling interests ) Consolidated investments ) ) Net investment income on funds withheld assets Total revenues (1) 
 
 (1) Substantially all the Company's revenues originated in the U.S. There were no individual customers that exceeded 10 of total revenues. 
 
 Benefits attributed to variable annuity benefit reserves Amortization of DAC and DSI related to non-operating revenues and expenses ) SOP 03-1 reserve movements ) Athene reinsurance transaction Other items Total benefits and expenses 
 
 Non-operating adjustments (income) loss: Fees attributable to guarantee benefit reserves Net movement in freestanding derivatives ) ) ) Net reserve and embedded derivative movements ) DAC and DSI impact ) ) Assumption changes Net realized investment gains (losses) including change in fair value of funds withheld embedded derivative Loss on funds withheld reinsurance transaction ) Net investment income on funds withheld assets Other items ) ) ) Pretax income (loss) attributable to Jackson Financial Inc. ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net income (loss) attributable to Jackson Financial Inc. ) 
 
 126 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 3. Segment Information 

 Closed Life and Annuity Blocks Institutional Products Corporate and Other Total Assets 

4. 

127 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 4. Investments 

 million and million, respectively. 
 
 AA 
 A 
 BBB 
 Investment grade 
 BB 
 B and below 
 Below investment grade 
 Total debt securities 

At December 31, 2022, based on ratings by NRSROs, of the total carrying value of debt securities in an unrealized loss position, were investment grade, were below investment grade and were not rated. Unrealized losses on debt securities that were below investment grade or not rated were approximately of the aggregate gross unrealized losses on available-for-sale debt securities. 
 
 At December 31, 2021, based on ratings by NRSROs, of the total carrying value of debt securities in an unrealized loss position, were investment grade, were below investment grade and were not rated. Unrealized losses on debt securities that were below investment grade or not rated were approximately of the aggregate gross unrealized losses on available for sale debt securities. 
 
 Corporate securities in an unrealized loss position were diversified across industries. As of December 31, 2022, the industries accounting for the largest percentage of unrealized losses included utility of corporate gross unrealized losses) and healthcare ). The largest unrealized loss related to a single corporate obligor was million at December 31, 2022. 
 
 As of December 31, 2021, the industries accounting for the largest percentage of unrealized losses included financial services of corporate gross unrealized losses) and consumer goods ). The largest unrealized loss related to a single corporate obligor was million at December 31, 2021. 

128 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 4. Investments 

 Other government securities Public utilities Corporate securities Residential mortgage-backed Commercial mortgage-backed Other asset-backed securities Total debt securities Allowance Gross Gross Amortized for Unrealized Unrealized Fair December 31, 2021 Cost (1) 
 Credit Loss Gains Losses Value U.S. government securities Other government securities Public utilities Corporate securities Residential mortgage-backed Commercial mortgage-backed Other asset-backed securities Total debt securities (1) Amortized cost, apart from the carrying value for securities carried at fair value under the fair value option and trading securities. 

The amortized cost, ACL, gross unrealized gains and losses, and fair value of debt securities at December 31, 2022, by contractual maturity, are shown below (in millions). Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities where securities can be called or prepaid with or without early redemption penalties. 
 
 Allowance Gross Gross Amortized for Unrealized Unrealized Fair Cost (1) 
 Credit Loss Gains Losses Value Due in 1 year or less Due after 1 year through 5 years Due after 5 years through 10 years Due after 10 years through 20 years Due after 20 years Residential mortgage-backed Commercial mortgage-backed Other asset-backed securities Total 
 (1) Amortized cost, apart from the carrying value for securities carried at fair value under the fair value option and trading securities. 
 
 As required by law in various states in which business is conducted, securities with a carrying value of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were on deposit with regulatory authorities. 
 
 129 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 4. Investments 

Alt-A Subprime Total non-agency RMBS Allowance Gross Gross Amortized for Unrealized Unrealized Fair December 31, 2021 Cost (1) 
 Credit Loss Gains Losses Value Prime Alt-A Subprime Total non-agency RMBS (1) Amortized cost, apart from carrying value for securities carried at fair value under the fair value option and trading securities. 

The Company defines its exposure to non-agency residential mortgage loans as follows: 
 
 Prime loan-backed securities are collateralized by mortgage loans made to the highest rated borrowers. 
 Alt-A loan-backed securities are collateralized by mortgage loans made to borrowers who lack credit documentation or necessary requirements to obtain prime borrower rates. 
 Subprime loan-backed securities are collateralized by mortgage loans made to borrowers that have a FICO score of 660 or lower. 
 
 130 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 4. Investments 

 Other government securities Public utilities Corporate securities Residential mortgage-backed Commercial mortgage-backed Other asset-backed securities Total temporarily impaired securities 12 months or longer 12 months or longer Gross Fair Value Gross Fair Value Unrealized # of Unrealized # of Losses securities Losses securities U.S. government securities Other government securities Public utilities Corporate securities Residential mortgage-backed Commercial mortgage-backed Other asset-backed securities Total temporarily impaired securities Total Total Gross Fair Value Gross Fair Value Unrealized # of Unrealized # of Losses securities (1) 
 Losses securities (1) 
 U.S. government securities Other government securities Public utilities Corporate securities Residential mortgage-backed Commercial mortgage-backed Other asset-backed securities Total temporarily impaired securities 
 (1) Certain securities contain multiple lots and fit the criteria of both aging groups. 
 131 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 4. Investments 

132 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 4. Investments 

 s are presented separate from the amortized cost basis of debt securities. Accrued interest receivables that are determined to be uncollectible are written off with a corresponding reduction to net investment income. Accrued interest of nil was written off during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Additions for which credit loss was not previously recorded Changes for securities with previously recorded credit loss ) ) ) ) Additions for purchases of PCD debt securities (1) 
 Reductions from charge-offs Reductions for securities disposed ) ) ) Securities intended/required to be sold before recovery of amortized cost basis ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 (2) 
 
 December 31, 2021 US government securities Other government securities Public utilities Corporate securities Residential mortgage-backed Commercial mortgage-backed Other asset-backed securities Total Balance at January 1, 2021 Additions for which credit loss was not previously recorded Changes for securities with previously recorded credit loss Additions for purchases of PCD debt securities (1) 
 Reductions from charge-offs Reductions for securities disposed ) ) Securities intended/required to be sold before recovery of amortized cost basis Balance at December 31, 2021 (2) 
 
 (1) Represents purchased credit-deteriorated ("PCD") fixed maturity available-for-sale securities. 
 (2) Accrued interest receivable on debt securities totaled million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and was excluded from the determination of credit losses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 133 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 4. Investments 

Equity securities ) ) Mortgage loans Policy loans Limited partnerships Other investment income Total investment income excluding funds withheld assets Net investment income on funds withheld assets (see Note 8) Investment expenses ) ) ) Net investment income 
 (1) Includes changes in fair value gains (losses) on trading securities and includes ) million, million and ) million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to the change in fair value for securities carried under the fair value option. 

Investment income is not accrued on securities in default and otherwise where the collection is uncertain. In these cases, receipts of interest on such securities are used to reduce the cost basis of the securities. 
 
 Unrealized gains (losses) included in investment income that were recognized on equity securities held were ) million, million and ) million, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

134 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 4. Investments 

 Realized losses on sale ) ) ) Credit loss income (expense) ) ) ) Gross impairments ) Credit loss income (expense) on mortgage loans ) ) Other (1) 
 ) Net gains (losses) excluding derivatives and funds withheld assets ) Net gains (losses) on derivative instruments (see Note 5) ) ) Net gains (losses) on funds withheld reinsurance treaties (see Note 8) ) Total net gains (losses) on derivatives and investments ) ) (1) Includes the foreign currency gain or loss related to foreign denominated trust instruments supporting funding agreements. 
 
 Net gains (losses) on funds withheld reinsurance treaties represents income (loss) from the sale of investments held in segregated funds withheld accounts in support of reinsurance agreements for which Jackson retains legal ownership of the underlying investments. These gains (losses) are increased or decreased by changes in the embedded derivative liability related to the Athene Reinsurance Agreement. The gains (losses) also include (i) changes in the related funds withheld payable, as all economic performance of the investments held in the segregated funds withheld accounts inure to the benefit of the reinsurers under the respective reinsurance agreements with each reinsurer, and (ii) amortization of the difference between book value and fair value of the investments as of the effective date of the reinsurance agreements with each reinsurer. 
 
 The aggregate fair value of securities sold at a loss for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, which was approximately , and of book value, respectively. 
 
 Proceeds from sales of available-for-sale debt securities were million, million and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 There are inherent uncertainties in assessing the fair values assigned to the Company s investments. The Company s reviews of net present value and fair value involve several criteria including economic conditions, credit loss experience, other issuer-specific developments and estimated future cash flows. These assessments are based on the best available information at the time. Factors such as market liquidity, the widening of bid/ask spreads and a change in the cash flow assumptions can contribute to future price volatility. If actual experience differs negatively from the assumptions and other considerations used in the Consolidated Financial Statements, unrealized losses currently reported in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) may be recognized in the Consolidated Income Statements in future periods. 
 
 The Company currently has no intent to sell securities with unrealized losses considered to be temporary until they mature or recover in value and believes that it has the ability to do so. However, if the specific facts and circumstances surrounding an individual security, or the outlook for its industry sector change, the Company may sell the security prior to its maturity or recovery and realize a loss. 

135 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 4. Investments 

 million par, net of the Company s holding, of collateralized loan obligation. The Company s policy is to record the consolidation of VIEs on a one-month lag due to the timing of when information is available from the VIE. Therefore, the VIE's issuance of this CLO is not reflected in the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022, but would not materially impact the financial position of the Company as a result of the offsetting changes to assets and liabilities. 
 
 Private Equity Funds III VIII are limited partnership structures that invest the ownership capital in portfolios of various other limited partnership structures. The Company concluded that the Private Equity Funds are VIEs and that the Company is the primary beneficiary as it has the power to direct the most significant activities affecting the performance of the funds as well as the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the funds. In the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company entered into a commitment to invest up to million in the newly formed Private Equity Fund VIII. The Company s exposure to loss is limited to the capital invested and unfunded capital commitments. 
 
 PPM has created and managed institutional share class mutual funds, where Jackson seeds new funds, or new share classes within a fund, when deemed necessary to develop the requisite track record prior to allowing investment by external parties. Jackson may sell its interest in the fund once opened to investment by external parties. The Company concluded that these funds are VIEs and that the Company is the primary beneficiary as it has both the power to direct the most significant activities of the VIE as well as the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIE. The Company s exposure to loss related to these mutual funds is limited to the capital invested. 
 
 136 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 4. Investments 

 Debt securities, trading Equity securities Other invested assets Cash and cash equivalents Other assets Total assets Liabilities Notes issued by consolidated VIEs, at fair value under fair value option Other liabilities Total other liabilities Securities lending payable Total liabilities Equity Noncontrolling interests 
 Unconsolidated VIEs 
 
 The Company invests in certain LPs and LLCs that it has concluded are VIEs. Based on the analysis of these entities, the Company is not the primary beneficiary of the VIEs as it does not have the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE s economic performance. In addition, the Company does not have the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the entities. Therefore, the Company does not consolidate these VIEs and the carrying amounts of the Company s investments in these LPs and LLCs are recognized in other invested assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Unfunded capital commitments for these investments are detailed in Note 14. The Company s exposure to loss is limited to the capital invested and unfunded capital commitments related to the LPs/LLCs, which was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The capital invested in an LP or LLC equals the original capital contributed, increased for additional capital contributed after the initial investment, and reduced for any returns of capital from the LP or LLC. LPs and LLCs are carried at fair value. 
 
 The Company invests in certain mutual funds that it has concluded are VIEs. Based on the analysis of these entities, the Company is not the primary beneficiary of the VIEs. Mutual funds for which the Company does not have the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits that could potentially be significant to the entities are recognized in equity securities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company s maximum exposure to loss on these mutual funds is limited to the amortized cost for these investments. 
 
 The Company makes investments in structured debt securities issued by VIEs for which it is not the manager. These structured debt securities include RMBS, Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities ("CMBS"), and asset-backed securities ("ABS"). The Company does not consolidate the securitization trusts utilized in these transactions because it does not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of these securitization trusts. The Company does not consider its continuing involvement with these VIEs to be significant because it either invests in securities issued by the VIE and was not involved in the design of the VIE or no transfers have occurred between the Company and the VIE. The Company s maximum exposure to loss on these structured debt securities is limited to the amortized cost of these investments. The Company does not have any further contractual obligations to the VIE. The Company recognizes the variable interest in these VIEs at fair value on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 137 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 4. Investments 

 billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are reported net of an allowance for credit losses of million and million at each date, respectively. At December 31, 2022, commercial mortgage loans were collateralized by properties located in states, the District of Columbia, and Europe. Accrued interest receivable on commercial mortgage loans was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Residential mortgage loans of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are reported net of an allowance for credit losses of million and million at each date, respectively. Loans were collateralized by properties located in states, the District of Columbia, Mexico, and Europe. Accrued interest receivable on residential mortgage loans was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Mortgage Loan Concessions 
 
 In response to the adverse economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company granted concessions to certain of its commercial mortgage loan borrowers, including payment deferrals and other loan modifications. The Company has elected the option under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2021, and the Interagency Statement on Loan Modifications and Reporting for Financial Institutions Working with Customers Affected by the Coronavirus (Revised) not to account for or report qualifying concessions as troubled debt restructurings and does not classify such loans as past due during the payment deferral period. Additionally, in accordance with the FASB s published response to a COVID-19 Pandemic technical inquiry, the Company continues to accrue interest income on such loans that have deferred payment. For some commercial mortgage loan borrowers (principally in the hotel and retail sectors), the Company granted concessions which were primarily interest and/or principal payment deferrals generally ranging from to months and, to a much lesser extent, maturity date extensions. Repayment periods are generally within but may extend until maturity date. Deferred commercial mortgage loan interest and principal payments were million at December 31, 2022. The concessions granted had no impact on the Company s results of operations or financial position as the Company has not granted concessions that would have been disclosed and accounted for as troubled debt restructurings. 
 
 Evaluation for Credit Losses on Mortgage Loans 
 
 The Company reviews mortgage loans that are not carried at fair value under the fair value option on a quarterly basis to estimate the ACL with changes in the ACL recorded in net gains (losses) on derivatives and investments. Apart from an ACL recorded on individual mortgage loans where the borrower is experiencing financial difficulties, the Company records an ACL on the pool of mortgage loans based on lifetime expected credit losses. The Company utilizes a third-party forecasting model to estimate lifetime expected credit losses at a loan level for mortgage loans. The model forecasts net operating income and property values for the economic scenario selected. The debt service coverage ratios DSCR and loan to values LTV are calculated over the forecastable period by comparing the projected net operating income and property valuations to the loan payment and principal amounts of each loan. The model utilizes historical mortgage loan performance based on DSCRs and LTV to derive probability of default and expected losses based on the economic scenario that is similar to the Company s expectations of economic factors such as unemployment, gross domestic product growth, and interest rates. The Company determined the forecastable period to be reasonable and supportable for a period of two years beyond the end of the reporting period. Over the following one-year period, the model reverts to the historical performance of the portfolio for the remainder of the contractual term of the loans. In cases where the Company does not have an appropriate length of historical performance, the relevant historical rate from an index or the lifetime expected credit loss calculated from the model may be used. 
 
 138 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 4. Investments 

 . 
 
 Charge offs, net of recoveries Additions from purchase of PCD mortgage loans Provision (release) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 (1) 

December 31, 2021 Apartment Hotel Office Retail Warehouse Residential Mortgage Total Balance at January 1, 2021 Charge offs, net of recoveries Additions from purchase of PCD mortgage loans Provision (release) ) ) ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 (1) 
 (1) Accrued interest receivable totaled million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and was excluded from the determination of credit losses. 
 
 Accrued interest receivables are presented separate from the amortized cost of mortgage loans. An ACL is not estimated on an accrued interest receivable, rather receivable balances that are deemed uncollectible are written off with a corresponding reduction to net investment income. 
 
 The Company s mortgage loans that are current and in good standing are accruing interest. Interest is not accrued on loans greater than 90 days delinquent and in process of foreclosure, when deemed uncollectible. Delinquency status is determined from the date of the first missed contractual payment. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, there was million of recorded investment, million of unpaid principal balance, no related loan allowance, million of average recorded investment, and investment income recognized on impaired residential mortgage loans. At December 31, 2021, there was million of recorded investment, million of unpaid principal balance, no related loan allowance, million of average recorded investment, and investment income recognized on impaired residential mortgage loans. 

139 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 4. Investments 

 70 - 80 80 - 100 Greater than 100 Total commercial mortgage loans Debt service coverage ratios: Greater than 1.20x 1.00x - 1.20x Less than 1.00x Total commercial mortgage loans Residential mortgage loans Performing Nonperforming (1) 
 Total residential mortgage loans Total mortgage loans 
 
 December 31, 2021 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Prior Revolving Loans Total of Total Commercial mortgage loans Loan to value ratios: Less than 70 70 - 80 80 - 100 Greater than 100 Total commercial mortgage loans Debt service coverage ratios: Greater than 1.20x 1.00x - 1.20x Less than 1.00x Total commercial mortgage loans Residential mortgage loans Performing Nonperforming Total residential mortgage loans Total mortgage loans 
 
 140 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 4. Investments 

 Hotel Office Retail Warehouse Total commercial Residential (2) 
 Total 
 
 December 31, 2021 In Good Standing (1) 
 Restructured Greater than 90 Days Delinquent In the Process of Foreclosure Total Carrying Value Apartment Hotel Office Retail Warehouse Total commercial Residential Total 
 (1) At December 31, 2022 and 2021, includes mezzanine loans of million and million in the Apartment category, million and million in the Hotel category, million and million in the Office category, million and million in the Retail category, and million and million in the Warehouse category, respectively. 
 (2) At December 31, 2022 and 2021, includes million and million of loans purchased when the loans were greater than 90 days delinquent and million and million of loans in process of foreclosure are supported with insurance or other guarantees provided by various governmental programs, respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no commercial mortgage loans involved in troubled debt restructuring, and stressed mortgage loans for which the Company is dependent, or expects to be dependent, on the underlying property to satisfy repayment were million and , respectively. 
 
 Equity Securities 
 
 Equity securities include common stocks, preferred stocks and mutual funds. All equity securities are carried at fair value with changes in value included in net investment income. 
 
 Policy Loans 
 
 Policy loans are loans the Company issues to contract holders that use the cash surrender value of their life insurance policy or annuity contract as collateral. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, billion and billion, respectively, of these loans were carried at fair value, which the Company believes is equal to unpaid principal balances, plus accrued investment income. At both December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had billion of policy loans not held as collateral for reinsurance, which were carried at the unpaid principal balances. 
 
 Other Invested Assets 
 
 Other invested assets primarily include investments in Federal Home Loan Bank capital stock, limited partnerships LPs ), and real estate. Federal Home Loan Bank capital stock is carried at cost and adjusted for any impairment. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, FHLB capital stock had carrying value of million and million, respectively. Real estate is carried at the lower of depreciated cost or fair value. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, real estate totaling million and million, included foreclosed properties with a book value of and million, respectively. Limited Partnerships are 
 141 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 4. Investments 

 million and million, respectively. 
 
 In June 2021, the Company entered into an arrangement to sell million of limited partnership investments, of which million and million were sold in the second and third quarter of 2021, respectively, and the remainder was sold in January 2022. The LPs sold were carried at estimated sales price. 
 
 Securities Lending 
 
 The Company has entered into securities lending agreements with agent banks whereby blocks of securities are loaned to third parties, primarily major brokerage firms. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the estimated fair value of loaned securities was million and million, respectively. The agreements require a minimum of of the fair value of the loaned securities to be held as collateral, calculated daily. To further minimize the credit risks related to these programs, the financial condition of counterparties is monitored on a regular basis. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, cash collateral received in the amount of million and million, respectively, was invested by the agent banks and included in cash and cash equivalents of the Company. A securities lending payable for the overnight and continuous loans is included in liabilities in the amount of cash collateral received. Securities lending transactions are used to generate income. Income and expenses associated with these transactions are reported as net investment income. 
 
 Repurchase Agreements 
 
 million and million, with weighted average interest rates of and , respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding repurchase agreement balance was million and million, respectively, with remaining maturity within 30 days, and collateralized with U.S. Treasury notes and corporate securities, and was included within repurchase agreements and securities lending payable in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. In the event of a decline in the fair value of the pledged collateral under these agreements, the Company may be required to transfer cash or additional securities as pledged collateral. Interest expense totaled million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The highest level of short-term borrowings at any month end was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

5. 

142 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 5. Derivative Instruments 

143 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 5. Derivative Instruments 

 ) Equity index call options Equity index futures (2) 
 Equity index put options Interest rate swaps ) Interest rate swaps - cleared (2) 
 Put-swaptions ) Interest rate futures (2) 
 Total return swaps Total freestanding derivatives ) Embedded derivatives Variable annuity embedded derivatives (3) 
 N/A Fixed index annuity embedded derivatives (4) 
 N/A ) Registered index linked annuity embedded derivatives (4) 
 N/A ) Total embedded derivatives N/A Derivatives related to funds withheld under reinsurance treaties Cross-currency swaps Cross-currency forwards Funds withheld embedded derivative (5) 
 N/A Total derivatives related to funds withheld under reinsurance treaties Total 
 
 (1) The notional amount for swaps and swaptions represents the stated principal balance used as a basis for calculating payments. The contractual amount for futures and options represents the market exposure of open positions. 
 (2) Variation margin is considered settlement resulting in the netting of cash received/paid for variation margin against the fair value of the trades. 
 (3) Variable annuity net embedded derivatives are included within reserves for future policy benefits and claims payable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The nonperformance risk adjustment is included in the balance above. 
 (4) Included within other contract holder funds on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The nonperformance risk adjustment is included in the balance above. 
 (5) Included within funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

144 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 5. Derivative Instruments 

 Equity index call options Equity index futures (2) 
 Equity index put options Interest rate swaps Interest rate swaps - cleared (2) 
 Put-swaptions Interest rate futures (2) 
 Total freestanding derivatives Embedded derivatives Variable annuity embedded derivatives (3) 
 N/A ) Fixed index annuity embedded derivatives (4) 
 N/A ) Registered index linked annuity embedded derivatives (4) 
 N/A ) Total embedded derivatives N/A ) Derivatives related to funds withheld under reinsurance treaties Cross-currency swaps Cross-currency forwards Funds withheld embedded derivative (5) 
 N/A ) Total derivatives related to funds withheld under reinsurance treaties ) Total ) 
 (1) The notional amount for swaps and swaptions represents the stated principal balance used as a basis for calculating payments. The contractual amount for futures and options represents the market exposure of open positions. 
 (2) Variation margin is considered settlement resulting in the netting of cash received/paid for variation margin against the fair value of the trades. 
 (3) Variable annuity net embedded derivatives are included within reserves for future policy benefits and claims payable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The nonperformance risk adjustment is included in the balance above. 
 (4) Included within other contract holder funds on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The nonperformance risk adjustment is included in the balance above. 
 (5) Included within funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

145 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 5. Derivative Instruments ) Equity index call options ) Equity index futures ) ) Equity index put options ) ) ) Interest rate swaps ) ) Interest rate swaps - cleared ) ) Put-swaptions ) Interest rate futures ) ) Total return swaps Fixed index annuity embedded derivatives ) Registered index linked annuity embedded derivatives ) Variable annuity embedded derivatives ) Total net gains (losses) on derivative instruments excluding derivative instruments related to funds withheld under reinsurance treaties ) ) Derivatives related to funds withheld under reinsurance treaties Cross-currency swaps ) Cross-currency forwards ) Treasury futures ) Funds withheld embedded derivative ) Total net gains (losses) on derivative instruments related to funds withheld under reinsurance treaties ) Total net gains (losses) on derivative instruments including derivative instruments related to funds withheld under reinsurance treaties ) ) 
 
 All of the Company s trade agreements for freestanding, over-the-counter derivatives, contain credit downgrade provisions that allow a party to assign or terminate derivative transactions if the counterparty s credit rating declines below an established limit. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of the Company s net non-cleared, over-the-counter derivative assets by counterparty were million and million, respectively, and held collateral was million and million, respectively, related to these agreements. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of the Company s net non-cleared, over-the-counter derivative liabilities by counterparty were million and , respectively, and provided collateral was million and , respectively, related to these agreements. If all of the downgrade provisions had been triggered at December 31, 2022 and 2021, in aggregate, the Company would have had to disburse million and million, respectively, and would have been allowed to claim million and , respectively. 
 
 Offsetting Assets and Liabilities 
 
 The Company s derivative instruments, repurchase agreements and securities lending agreements are subject to master netting arrangements and collateral arrangements. A master netting arrangement with a counterparty creates a right of offset for amounts due to and due from that same counterparty that is enforceable in the event of a default or bankruptcy. The Company recognizes amounts subject to master netting arrangements on a gross basis within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 146 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 5. Derivative Instruments 

 Financial Liabilities: Freestanding derivative liabilities Securities loaned Repurchase agreements Total financial liabilities 
 (1) Represents the amount that could be offset under master netting or similar arrangements that management elects not to offset on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (2) Excludes initial margin amounts for exchange-traded derivatives. 
 
 December 31, 2021 Gross Amounts Recognized Gross Amounts Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets Net Amounts Presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheets Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets Financial 
 Instruments (1) 
 Cash Collateral Securities 
 Collateral (2) 
 Net Amount Financial Assets: Freestanding derivative assets Financial Liabilities: Freestanding derivative liabilities Securities loaned Repurchase agreements Total financial liabilities 
 (1) Represents the amount that could be offset under master netting or similar arrangements that management elects not to offset on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (2) Excludes initial margin amounts for exchange-traded derivatives. 

million and ) million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as these derivatives are not subject to master netting arrangements. The above tables also exclude the funds withheld embedded derivative asset (liability) of million and ) million at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 147 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 6. Fair Value Measurements 

 6. 

148 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 6. Fair Value Measurements 

 Equity securities Mortgage loans (1) 
 Limited partnerships Policy loans (1) 
 Freestanding derivative instruments Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis ("FHLBI") capital stock Cash and cash equivalents GMIB reinsurance recoverable Separate account assets Liabilities Annuity reserves (2) 
 Reserves for guaranteed investment contracts (3) 
 Trust instruments supported by funding agreements (3) 
 FHLB funding agreements (3) 
 Funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties (1) 
 Long-term debt Securities lending payable Freestanding derivative instruments Notes issued by consolidated VIEs Repurchase agreements Separate account liabilities (1) Includes items carried at fair value under the fair value option and trading securities. 
 (2) Annuity reserves represent only the components of other contract holder funds and reserves for future policy benefits and claims payable that are considered to be financial instruments. The fair value amounts shown in the table for 2021 have been revised for an immaterial error related to the historical disclosure for annuity reserves not reported at fair value within the Fair Value Measurement note to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The prior period error did not impact the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (3) Included as a component of other contract holder funds on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 The following is a discussion of the methodologies used to determine fair values of the financial instruments measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis reported in the following tables. 
 
 Debt and Equity Securities 
 
 The fair values for debt and equity securities are determined using information available from independent pricing services, broker-dealer quotes, or internally derived estimates. Priority is given to publicly available prices from independent sources, when available. Securities for which the independent pricing service does not provide a quotation are either submitted to independent broker-dealers for prices or priced internally. Typical inputs used by these three pricing methods include reported trades, benchmark yields, credit spreads, liquidity premiums and/or estimated cash flows based on default and prepayment assumptions. 
 
 As a result of typical trading volumes and the lack of specific quoted market prices for most debt securities, independent pricing services will normally derive the security prices through recently reported trades for identical or similar securities, making adjustments through the reporting date based upon available market observable information as outlined above. If there are no recently reported trades, the independent pricing services and broker-dealers may use matrix or pricing model processes to develop a security price where future cash flow expectations are developed based upon collateral performance and discounted at relevant market rates. Certain securities are priced using broker-dealer quotes, which may utilize proprietary inputs and models. Additionally, the majority of these quotes are non-binding. 
 
 149 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 6. Fair Value Measurements 

 150 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 6. Fair Value Measurements 

 151 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 6. Fair Value Measurements 

152 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 6. Fair Value Measurements 

 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These debt securities are reflected on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets as debt securities, at fair value under the fair value option. 
 
 The Company has elected the fair value option for certain funds withheld assets, which are held as collateral for reinsurance, totaling million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as discussed above, and includes mortgage loans as discussed below. 
 
 The Company elected the fair value option for certain mortgage loans held under the funds withheld reinsurance agreement. The fair value option was elected for these mortgage loans, purchased or funded after December 31, 2021, to mitigate inconsistency in earnings that would otherwise result between these mortgage loan assets and the funds withheld liability, including the associated embedded derivative, and are valued using third-party pricing services. Changes in fair value are reflected in net investment income on the Consolidated Income Statements. 
 
 Aggregate contractual principal 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, no loans for which the fair value option was elected were in non-accrual status, and no loans were more than 90 days past due and still accruing interest. 
 
 The Company elected the fair value option for notes issued by consolidated VIEs totaling million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Income and changes in unrealized gains and losses on other assets for which the Company has elected the fair value option are immaterial to the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 153 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 6. Fair Value Measurements 

 Other government securities Public utilities Corporate securities Residential mortgage-backed Commercial mortgage-backed Other asset-backed securities Equity securities Mortgage loans Limited partnerships (1) 
 Policy loans Freestanding derivative instruments Cash and cash equivalents GMIB reinsurance recoverable Separate account assets Total Liabilities Embedded derivative (assets) liabilities (2) 
 ) ) Funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties (3) 
 Freestanding derivative instruments Notes issued by consolidated VIEs Total 
 ) (1) Excludes million of limited partnership investments measured at NAV. 
 (2) Includes net embedded derivative (assets) liabilities of ) million related to GMWB reserves included in reserves for future policy benefits and claims payable, and million related to RILA and million of fixed index annuities, both included in other contract holder funds on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (3) Includes the Athene Embedded Derivative asset of million and funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties at fair value under the fair value option. 

154 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 6. Fair Value Measurements 

 Other government securities Public utilities Corporate securities Residential mortgage-backed Commercial mortgage-backed Other asset-backed securities Equity securities Limited partnerships (1) 
 Policy loans Freestanding derivative instruments Cash and cash equivalents GMIB reinsurance recoverable Separate account assets Total Liabilities Embedded derivative (assets) liabilities (2) 
 Funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties (3) 
 Freestanding derivative instruments Notes issued by consolidated VIEs Total 
 (1) Excludes million of limited partnership investments measured at NAV. The fair value amounts shown in the table and the amount disclosed as measured at NAV have been revised for an immaterial error related to the historical disclosure of certain limited partnerships which are measured using a Level 3 fair value measurement as being measured using NAV as a practical expedient within the Fair Value Measurement note to the consolidated financial statements. The prior period error did not impact the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (2) Includes net embedded derivative (assets) liabilities of million related to GMWB reserves included in reserves for future policy benefits and claims payable, and million related to RILA and million of fixed index annuities, both included in other contract holder funds on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (3) Includes the Athene Embedded Derivative liability of million and funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties at fair value under the fair value option. 

155 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 6. Fair Value Measurements 

 Equity securities 
 Mortgage loans Limited partnerships 
 Policy loans 
 GMIB reinsurance recoverable 
 Total 
 Liabilities Embedded derivative (assets) liabilities (1) 
 ) ) Funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties (2) 
 Total 
 ) ) (1) Includes the net embedded derivative (asset) liability related to GMWB reserves presented in reserves for future policy benefits and claims payable. 
 (2) Includes the Athene Embedded Derivative asset of million and funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties at fair value under the fair value option. 
 December 31, 2021 Assets Total Internal External Debt securities: 
 Corporate 
 Equity securities 
 Limited partnerships (3) 
 Policy loans 
 GMIB reinsurance recoverable 
 Total 
 Liabilities Embedded derivative (assets) liabilities (1) 
 Funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties (2) 
 Total 
 (1) Includes the net embedded derivative (asset) liability related to GMWB reserves presented in reserves for future policy benefits and claims payable. 
 (2) Includes the Athene Embedded Derivative liability of million and funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties at fair value under the fair value option. 
 (3) The fair value amounts shown in the table have been revised for an immaterial error related to the historical disclosure of certain limited partnerships which are measured using a Level 3 fair value measurement as being measured using NAV as a practical expedient within the Fair Value Measurement note to the consolidated financial statements. The prior period error did not impact the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 External pricing sources for securities represent unadjusted prices from independent pricing services and independent indicative broker quotes where pricing inputs are not readily available. 

156 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 6. Fair Value Measurements 

 Discounted cash flow Mortality (1) 
 - 
 Decrease Lapse (2) 
 - 
 Decrease Utilization (3) 
 - 
 Increase Withdrawal (4) 
 - 
 Increase Nonperformance risk adjustment (5) 
 - 
 Decrease Long-term Equity Volatility (6) 
 - 
 Increase 
 Liabilities Embedded derivative (assets) liabilities ) Discounted cash flow Mortality (1) 
 - 
 Decrease Lapse (2) 
 - 
 Decrease Utilization (3) 
 - 
 Increase Withdrawal (4) 
 - 
 Increase Nonperformance risk adjustment (5) 
 - 
 Decrease Long-term Equity Volatility (6) 
 - 
 Increase 
 
 (1) Mortality rates vary by attained age, tax qualification status, GMWB benefit election, and duration. The range displayed reflects ages from the minimum issue age for the benefit through age 95, which corresponds to the typical maturity age. A mortality improvement assumption is also applied. 
 (2) Base lapse rates vary by contract-level factors, such as product type, surrender charge schedule and optional benefits election. Lapse rates are further adjusted based on the degree to which a guaranteed benefit is in-the-money, with lower lapse applying when benefits are more in-the-money. Lapse rates are also adjusted to reflect lower lapse expectations when GMWB benefits are utilized. 
 (3) The utilization rate represents the expected percentage of contracts that will utilize the benefit through annuitization (GMIB) or commencement of withdrawals (GMWB). Utilization may vary by benefit type, attained age, duration, tax qualification status, benefit provision, and degree to which the guaranteed benefit is in-the-money. 
 (4) The withdrawal rate represents the utilization rate of the contract s free partial withdrawal provision (GMIB) or the percentage of annual withdrawal assumed relative to the maximum allowable withdrawal amount (GMWB). Withdrawal rates on contracts with a GMIB vary based on the product type and duration. Withdrawal rates on contracts with a GMWB vary based on attained age, tax qualification status, GMWB type and GMWB benefit provisions. 
 (5) Nonperformance risk adjustment is applied as a spread over the risk-free rate to determine the rate used to discount the related cash flows and varies by projection year. 
 (6) Long-term equity volatility represents the equity volatility beyond the period for which observable equity volatilities are available. 
 
 157 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 6. Fair Value Measurements 

 Discounted cash flow Mortality (1) 
 - 
 Decrease Lapse (2) 
 - 
 Decrease Utilization (3) 
 - 
 Increase Withdrawal (4) 
 - 
 Increase Nonperformance risk adjustment (5) 
 - 
 Decrease Long-term Equity Volatility (6) 
 - 
 Increase Liabilities Embedded derivative (assets) liabilities Discounted cash flow Mortality (1) 
 - 
 Decrease Lapse (2) 
 - 
 Decrease Utilization (3) 
 - 
 Increase Withdrawal (4) 
 - 
 Increase Nonperformance risk adjustment (5) 
 - 
 Decrease Long-term Equity Volatility (6) 
 - 
 Increase 
 (1) Mortality rates vary by attained age, tax qualification status, GMWB benefit election, and duration. The range displayed reflects ages from the minimum issue age for the benefit through age 95, which corresponds to the typical maturity age. A mortality improvement assumption is also applied. 
 (2) Base lapse rates vary by contract-level factors, such as product type, surrender charge schedule and optional benefits election. Lapse rates are further adjusted based on the degree to which a guaranteed benefit is in-the-money, with lower lapse applying when benefits are more in-the-money. Lapse rates are also adjusted to reflect lower lapse expectations when GMWB benefits are utilized. 
 (3) The utilization rate represents the expected percentage of contracts that will utilize the benefit through annuitization (GMIB) or commencement of withdrawals (GMWB). Utilization may vary by benefit type, attained age, duration, tax qualification status, benefit provision, and degree to which the guaranteed benefit is in-the-money. 
 (4) The withdrawal rate represents the utilization rate of the contract s free partial withdrawal provision (GMIB) or the percentage of annual withdrawal assumed relative to the maximum allowable withdrawal amount (GMWB). Withdrawal rates on contracts with a GMIB vary based on the product type and duration. Withdrawal rates on contracts with a GMWB vary based on attained age, tax qualification status, GMWB type and GMWB benefit provisions. 
 (5) Nonperformance risk adjustment is applied as a spread over the risk-free rate to determine the rate used to discount the related cash flows and varies by projection year. 

158 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 6. Fair Value Measurements 

 million and million are fair valued using techniques incorporating unobservable inputs and are classified in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, respectively. For these assets, their unobservable inputs and ranges of possible inputs do not materially affect their fair valuations and have been excluded from the quantitative information in the tables above. 
 
 Policy loans that support funds withheld reinsurance agreements that are held at fair value under the fair value option on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets are excluded from the tables above. These policy loans do not have a stated maturity and the balances, plus accrued investment income, are repaid either by the policyholder or with proceeds from the policy. Due to the collateralized nature of policy loans and unpredictable timing of payments, the Company believes the carrying value of policy loans, which includes accrued investment income, approximates fair value and are classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 Funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties, for funds withheld payable held at fair value under the fair value option and the Athene Embedded Derivative, are excluded from the tables above. The fair value of funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties, excluding the Athene Embedded Derivative, is determined based upon the fair value of the investments held by the Company related to the Company s funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties. The Athene Embedded Derivative utilizes a total return swap technique which incorporates the fair value of the invested assets supporting the reinsurance agreement as a component of the valuation. As a result, these valuations for the funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties and the Athene Embedded Derivative require certain significant inputs which are generally not observable and, accordingly, the valuation is considered Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 The GMIB reinsurance recoverable fair value calculation is based on the present value of future cash flows comprised of future expected reinsurance benefit receipts, less future attributed premium payments to reinsurers, over the lives of the contracts. Estimating these cash flows requires actuarially determined assumptions related to expectations concerning policyholder behavior and long-term market volatility. The more significant policyholder behavior actuarial assumptions include benefit utilization, fund allocation, lapse, and mortality. 
 
 Embedded derivatives classified in Level 3 represent the fair value of guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits GMWB and guaranteed minimum accumulation benefits GMAB . These fair value calculations are based on the present value of future cash flows comprised of future expected benefit payments, less future attributed rider fees, over the lives of the contracts. Estimating these cash flows requires actuarially determined assumptions related to expectations concerning policyholder behavior and long-term market volatility. The more significant policyholder behavior actuarial assumptions include benefit utilization, fund allocation, lapse, and mortality. 

159 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 6. Fair Value Measurements 

 ) Equity securities Mortgage loans ) Limited partnerships GMIB reinsurance recoverable ) Policy loans ) Liabilities Embedded derivative assets (liabilities) ) Funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties ) ) 
 Total Realized/Unrealized Gains (Losses) Included in Purchases, Fair Value Sales, Transfers Fair Value as of Other Issuances in and/or as of January 1, Net Comprehensive and (out of) December 31, December 31, 2021 2021 Income Income Settlements Level 3 2021 Assets Debt securities Corporate securities ) Equity securities ) Limited partnerships (1) 
 GMIB reinsurance recoverable ) Policy loans ) Liabilities Embedded derivative assets (liabilities) ) ) Funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties ) ) ) (1) The fair value amounts shown in the table have been revised for an immaterial error related to the historical disclosure of certain limited partnerships which are measured using a Level 3 fair value measurement as being measured using NAV as a practical expedient within the Fair Value Measurement note to the consolidated financial statements. The prior period error did not impact the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

160 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 6. Fair Value Measurements 

 ) Equity securities ) Mortgage loans ) Limited partnerships ) Policy loans ) ) Total ) ) Liabilities Funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties ) December 31, 2021 Purchases Sales Issuances Settlements Total Assets Debt securities Corporate securities ) Equity securities ) ) Limited partnerships (1) 
 ) Policy loans ) Total ) ) Liabilities Funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties ) ) (1) The fair value amounts shown in the table have been revised for an immaterial error related to the historical disclosure of certain limited partnerships which are measured using a Level 3 fair value measurement as being measured using NAV as a practical expedient within the Fair Value Measurement note to the consolidated financial statements. The prior period error did not impact the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

In 2022, transfers from Level 3 to Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy were million, transfers from Level 2 to Level 3 were million, and transfers from NAV equivalent to Level 3 were million. 
 
 In 2021, transfers from Level 3 to Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy were million, transfers from Level 2 to Level 3 were million, and there were transfers from NAV equivalent to Level 3. 
 
 161 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 6. Fair Value Measurements 

 ) Equity securities Mortgage loans ) Limited partnerships (1) 
 GMIB reinsurance recoverable ) ) Policy loans ) Liabilities Embedded derivative (assets) liabilities Funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties (1) The fair value amounts shown in the table for 2021 have been revised for an immaterial error related to the historical disclosure of certain limited partnerships which are measured using a Level 3 fair value measurement as being measured using NAV as a practical expedient within the Fair Value Measurement note to the consolidated financial statements. The prior period error did not impact the consolidated balance sheets. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments Carried at Other Than Fair Value 
 
 Mortgage Loans 
 
 Fair values are generally determined by discounting expected future cash flows at current market interest rates, inclusive of a credit spread, for similar quality loans. For loans whose value is dependent on the underlying property, fair value is the estimated value of the collateral. Certain characteristics considered significant in determining the spread or collateral value may be based on internally developed estimates. As a result, these investments have been classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 Mortgage loans held under the funds withheld reinsurance agreement are valued using third-party pricing services, which may use economic inputs, geographical information, and property specific assumptions in deriving the fair value price. The Company reviews the valuations from these pricing providers to ensure they are reasonable. Due to lack of observable inputs, these investments have been classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 Policy Loans 
 
 Policy loans are funds provided to policyholders in return for a claim on the policies values and function like demand deposits which are redeemable upon repayment, death or surrender, and there is only one market price at which the transaction could be settled the then current carrying value. The funds provided are limited to the cash surrender value of the underlying policy. The nature of policy loans is to have a negligible default risk as the loans are fully collateralized by the value of the policy. Policy loans do not have a stated maturity and the balances and accrued interest are repaid either by the policyholder or with proceeds from the policy. Due to the collateralized nature of policy loans and unpredictable timing of payments, the Company believes the carrying value of policy loans approximates fair value. The non-reinsurance related component of policy loans has been classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 FHLBI Capital Stock 
 
 FHLBI capital stock, which is included in other invested assets, can only be sold to FHLBI at a constant price of per share. Due to the lack of valuation uncertainty, the investment has been classified as Level 1. 

162 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 6. Fair Value Measurements 

163 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 6. Fair Value Measurements 

 Policy loans FHLBI capital stock Liabilities Annuity reserves (1) 
 Reserves for guaranteed investment contracts (2) 
 Trust instruments supported by funding agreements (2) 
 FHLB funding agreements (2) 
 Funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties Debt Securities lending payable Repurchase agreements Separate account liabilities (4) 
 December 31, 2021 Fair Value Carrying Value Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets Mortgage loans Policy loans FHLBI capital stock Liabilities Annuity reserves (1) 
 Reserves for guaranteed investment contracts (2) 
 Trust instruments supported by funding agreements (2) 
 FHLB funding agreements (2) 
 Funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties (3) 
 Debt Securities lending payable Repurchase agreements Separate account liabilities (4) 
 (1) Annuity reserves represent only the components of other contract holder funds that are considered to be financial instruments. The fair value amounts shown in the table for 2021 have been revised for an immaterial error related to the historical disclosure for annuity reserves not reported at fair value within the Fair Value Measurement note to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The prior period error did not impact the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (2) Included as a component of other contract holder funds on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (3) Excludes million of limited partnership investments measured at NAV at December 31, 2021. 
 (4) The values of separate account liabilities are set equal to the values of separate account assets. 

164 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 7. Deferred Acquisition Costs and Deferred Sales Inducements 

7. 
 million and decreased by million, respectively, to reflect this adjustment. 
 
 For variable annuity business, the Company employs a mean reversion methodology that is applied with the objective of adjusting the amortization of DAC that would otherwise be highly volatile due to fluctuations in the level of future gross profits arising from changes in equity market levels. The mean reversion methodology achieves this objective by applying a dynamic adjustment to the assumption for short-term future investment returns. Under this methodology, the projected returns for the next five years are set such that, when combined with the actual returns for the current and preceding two years, the average rate of return over the eight-year period is for 2022 and 2021, after external investment management fees. The mean reversion methodology does, however, include a cap and a floor of and per annum, respectively, on the projected return for each of the next five years. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, projected returns under mean reversion were within the range bound by the cap and floor. At both December 31, 2022 and 2021, projected returns after the next five years were set at . 
 
 The Company evaluated the recoverability of previously established DAC assets in accordance with ASC 944-30-35-22. The Company determined it was appropriate to immediately write-off the remaining DAC on the business reinsured to Athene as no future profits will be recognized on this business at this aggregated level of recoverability testing. Accordingly, amortization of DAC for the year ended December 31, 2020 included a write-off of million, related to the blocks of fixed and fixed-index annuity business, as a result of the Athene Reinsurance Transaction (see Note 8 to Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of the Athene Reinsurance Transaction). 
 
 Deferrals of acquisition costs Amortization ) ) Unrealized investment (gains) losses Balance, end of period 
 165 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 7. Deferred Acquisition Costs and Deferred Sales Inducements 

 million, related to the blocks of fixed and fixed-index annuity business, as a result of the Athene Reinsurance Transaction. 
 
 Deferrals of sales inducements Amortization ) ) ) Unrealized investment losses (gains) Balance, end of year 

8. 
 
 million and million, respectively, on its reinsurance recoverables, which are reported net of ACL on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The ACL considers the credit quality of 
 166 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 8. Reinsurance 

 quota share basis, a block of Jackson s in-force fixed and fixed-index annuity product liabilities in exchange for a billion ceding commission (the "Athene Reinsurance Agreement"). 
 
 The Athene Reinsurance Agreement required Jackson to establish a segregated account in which the investments supporting the ceded obligations are maintained. While the economic benefits of the investments flow to Athene, Jackson retains physical possession and legal ownership of the investments supporting the reserve. Upon closing of the transaction, Jackson placed investments into the segregated account with a statutory book value of billion. The investments maintained in the segregated account are valued at statutory carrying value for purposes of determining periodic settlement amounts under the Athene Reinsurance Agreement. Further, the investments in the segregated account are not available to settle any policyholder obligations other than those specifically covered by the Athene Reinsurance Agreement and are not available to settle obligations to general creditors of Jackson. The profit and loss with respect to obligations ceded to Athene are included in periodic net settlements pursuant to the Athene Reinsurance Agreement. To further support its obligations under the Athene Reinsurance Agreement, Athene procured billion in letters of credit for Jackson s benefit and established a trust account for Jackson s benefit, which had a book value of approximately million at December 31, 2022. 
 
 As a result of this transaction, the Company evaluated the recoverability of previously established deferred acquisition costs, deferred sales inducement assets, and of cost of reinsurance assets in accordance with ASC 944-30-35-22. The Company s accounting policy includes reinsurance balances when evaluating recoverability of DAC and DSI. Accordingly, the Company determined it was appropriate to immediately write-off the remaining DAC, DSI and the cost of reinsurance on the business reinsured to Athene as no future profits will be recognized on this business at this aggregated level of recoverability testing. 
 
 Cost of reinsurance write-off (1) 
 ) DAC and DSI write-off ) Total pretax loss on Athene Reinsurance Transaction ) 
 (1) Cost of reinsurance reflects the net impact of the fair value of assets of billion and ceded reserves of billion. 
 
 Pursuant to the Athene Reinsurance Agreement, the Company holds certain assets as collateral. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, assets held as collateral in the segregated custody account were billion and billion, respectively. 
 
 Swiss Re Reinsurance 
 
 The Company has retrocession reinsurance agreements retro treaties with Swiss Reinsurance Company Ltd. SRZ ). Pursuant to these retro treaties, the Company ceded certain blocks of business to SRZ on a coinsurance basis, subject to pre-existing reinsurance with other parties. 
 167 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 8. Reinsurance 

Debt securities, at fair value under the fair value option Equity securities Mortgage loans Mortgage loans, at fair value under the fair value option 
 Policy loans Freestanding derivative instruments, net Other invested assets Cash and cash equivalents Accrued investment income Other assets and liabilities, net ) ) Total assets (1) 
 Liabilities Funds held under reinsurance treaties (2) 
 Total liabilities 
 (1) Certain assets are reported at amortized cost while the fair value of those assets is reported in the embedded derivative in the funds withheld liability. 
 (2) Includes funds withheld embedded derivative asset (liability) of million and ) million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

168 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 8. Reinsurance 

 Equity securities ) Mortgage loans (2) 
 Policy loans Limited partnerships Other investment income Total investment income on funds withheld assets Other investment expenses on funds withheld assets (3) 
 ) ) ) Total net investment income on funds withheld reinsurance treaties 
 (1) Includes ) million, ) million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to the change in fair value for securities carried under the fair value option. 
 (2) Includes ) million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 respectively, related to the change in fair value for mortgage loans carried under the fair value option. 
 (3) Includes management fees. 
 
 Realized losses on sale ) ) ) Credit loss expense ) ) Gross impairments ) Credit loss expense on mortgage loans ) Other ) ) Net gains (losses) on non-derivative investments ) Net gains (losses) on derivative instruments ) Net gains (losses) on funds withheld payable under reinsurance treaties (1) 
 ) ) Total net gains (losses) on derivatives and investments ) (1) Includes the Athene Embedded Derivative gain (loss) of million, million, and ) million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 While the economic benefits of the funds withheld assets flow to the respective reinsurers, Jackson retains physical possession and legal ownership of the investments supporting the reserves. Net investment income and net gains (losses) on derivatives and investments related to the funds withheld assets are included in periodic settlements under the reinsurance agreements which results in the flow of returns on the assets to the reinsurers. Net gains (losses) on the funds withheld assets are increased or decreased by changes in the embedded derivative liability related to the Athene Reinsurance Agreement and include (i) changes in the related funds withheld payable and (ii) amortization of the basis difference between book value and fair value of the investments as of the effective date of the reinsurance agreements. 

169 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 8. Reinsurance 

 Assumed Ceded ) ) ) Total premium Benefits Direct Assumed Ceded ) ) ) Change in reserves, net of reinsurance ) ) Total benefits 
 
 Components of the Company s reinsurance recoverable were as follows (in millions): 
 December 31, 2022 2021 Reserves: Life Accident and health Guaranteed minimum income benefits Other annuity benefits (1) 
 Claims liability and other Total 

9. 
 
 to . Lapse, mortality, and expense assumptions for recoverability are based primarily on Company experience. The Company s liability for future policy benefits also includes net liabilities for guaranteed benefits related to certain nontraditional long-duration life and annuity contracts, which are further discussed in Note 10. 
 
 Group payout annuities consist of a closed block of defined benefit annuity plans. The liability for future benefits for these limited payment contracts is calculated using assumptions as of the acquisition date as to mortality and expense plus provisions for adverse deviation. 
 
 In conjunction with a prior acquisition, the Company recorded a fair value adjustment at acquisition related to certain annuity and interest sensitive liability blocks of business to reflect the cost of the interest guarantees within the in-force liabilities, based on the difference between the guaranteed interest rate and an assumed new money guaranteed interest rate at acquisition. This adjustment was recorded in reserves for future policy benefits and claims payable. This reserve is reassessed at the end of each period, taking into account changes in the in-force block. Any resulting change in the reserve is recorded as a change in policy reserve through the Consolidated Income Statements. 
 
 170 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 9. Reserves for Future Policy Benefits and Claims Payable and Other Contract Holder Funds 

 Guaranteed benefits (1) 
 Claims payable Accident and health Group payout annuities Life contingent payouts Other Total 

Variable annuity fixed option RILA (1) 
 Fixed annuity Fixed index annuity (2) 
 GICs, funding agreements and FHLB advances Other Total 
 (1) Includes the embedded derivative liabilities related to RILA of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) Includes the embedded derivative liabilities related to fixed index annuity of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 For interest-sensitive life contracts, liabilities approximate the policyholder s account value, plus the remaining balance of the fair value adjustment related to previously acquired business, which is further discussed below. The liability for fixed index annuities and registered index linked annuities is based on three components, 1) the imputed value of the underlying guaranteed host contract, 2) the fair value of the embedded option component of the contract, and 3) the liability for guaranteed benefits related to the optional lifetime income rider. For fixed annuities, variable annuity fixed option, and other investment contracts, as included in the above table, the liability is the account value, plus the unamortized balance of the fair value adjustment related to previously acquired business. For payout annuities, as included in the above table, reserves are determined under the methodology for limited-payment contracts (for those with significant life contingencies) or using a constant yield method and assumptions as of the issue date for mortality, interest rates, lapse and expenses plus provisions for adverse deviations. At December 31, 2022, the Company had interest sensitive life business with minimum guaranteed interest rates ranging from to with a average guaranteed rate and fixed interest rate annuities with minimum guaranteed rates ranging from to and a average guaranteed rate. 

171 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 9. Reserves for Future Policy Benefits and Claims Payable and Other Contract Holder Funds 

 and , respectively, of the Company s annuity account values correspond to crediting rates that are at the minimum guaranteed interest rates. 
 
 >1.0 - 2.0 >2.0 - 3.0 >3.0 - 4.0 >4.0 - 5.0 >5.0 - 5.5 Subtotal Ceded reinsurance Total December 31, 2021 Minimum Guaranteed Interest Rate Account Value Fixed Fixed Index RILA Variable Total 1.0 >1.0 - 2.0 >2.0 - 3.0 >3.0 - 4.0 >4.0 - 5.0 >5.0 - 5.5 Subtotal Ceded reinsurance Total 
 
 At both December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately of the Company s interest sensitive life business account values correspond to crediting rates that are at the minimum guaranteed interest rates. 
 
 >3.0 - 4.0 >4.0 - 5.0 >5.0 - 6.0 Subtotal Retro treaties Total 
 
 The Company has established a billion aggregate Global Medium Term Note ("MTN") program. Jackson National Life Global Funding was formed as a statutory business trust, solely for the purpose of issuing Medium Term Note instruments to institutional investors, the proceeds of which are deposited with the Company and secured by the issuance of funding agreements. The carrying values at December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled billion and billion, respectively. 
 
 172 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 9. Reserves for Future Policy Benefits and Claims Payable and Other Contract Holder Funds 

 million and million of FHLBI capital stock, respectively, supporting billion and billion in funding agreements and long-term borrowings at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The Company s institutional products business is comprised of the traditional guaranteed investment contracts, medium-term funding agreement-backed notes and funding agreements (including agreements issued in conjunction with the Company s participation in the U.S. Federal Home Loan Bank ("FHLB") program) described above. 

10. 
 
 173 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 10. Certain Non-traditional Long-Duration Contracts and Variable Annuity Guarantees 

 174 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 10. Certain Non-traditional Long-Duration Contracts and Variable Annuity Guarantees 

billion and billion, respectively. Investment risks associated with market value changes are borne by the contract holders, except to the extent of minimum guarantees made by the Company. Separate account net investment income, net investment realized and unrealized gains and losses, and the related liability changes are offset within the same line item in the Consolidated Income Statements. Amounts assessed against the contract holders for mortality, variable annuity benefit guarantees, administrative, and other services are reported in revenue as fee income. 
 
 Included in the assets and liabilities described above is a Jackson issued group variable annuity contract designed for use in connection with and issued to the Company s Defined Contribution Retirement Plan. These deposits are allocated to the Jackson National Separate Account II, which had balances of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company receives administrative fees for managing the funds. These fees are recorded as earned and included in fee income in the Consolidated Income Statements. 

175 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 10. Certain Non-traditional Long-Duration Contracts and Variable Annuity Guarantees 

 - 
 years GMWB - Premium only GMWB - 
 Highest specified anniversary account value 
 minus withdrawals post-anniversary 
 
 GMDB years GMWB - Highest anniversary only GMWB Combination net deposits plus minimum return, 
 highest specified anniversary account value 
 minus withdrawals post-anniversary 
 
 GMDB - 
 years GMIB - 
 years GMWB - 
 Weighted Average Attained Age Average Period until Expected Annuitization Minimum Return Account Value Net Amount at Risk December 31, 2021 Return of net deposits plus a minimum return GMDB - 
 years GMWB - Premium only GMWB - 
 Highest specified anniversary account value 
 minus withdrawals post-anniversary 
 
 GMDB years GMWB - Highest anniversary only GMWB Combination net deposits plus minimum return, 
 highest specified anniversary account value 
 minus withdrawals post-anniversary 
 
 GMDB - 
 years GMIB - 
 years GMWB - 

Ranges shown based on simple interest. The upper limits of 5 or 8 simple interest are approximately equal to and , respectively, on a compound interest basis over a typical bonus period. The combination GMWB category also includes benefits with a defined increase in the withdrawal percentage under pre-defined non-market conditions. 
 
 176 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 10. Certain Non-traditional Long-Duration Contracts and Variable Annuity Guarantees 

 Bond Balanced Money market Total 
 Incurred guaranteed benefits Paid guaranteed benefits ) ) Balance as of end of period 
 The GMDB liability is determined by estimating the expected value of death benefits in excess of the projected account balance and recognizing the excess ratably over the accumulation period based on total expected assessments. The Company regularly evaluates estimates used and adjusts the liability balance through the Consolidated Income Statements, within death, other policy benefits and change in policy reserves, if actual experience or other evidence suggests that earlier assumptions should be revised. 
 
 The following assumptions and methodology were used to determine the GMDB liability at both December 31, 2022 and 2021 (except where otherwise noted): 
 
 Use of a series of stochastic investment performance scenarios, based on historical average market volatility. 
 Mean investment performance assumption of , after investment management fees, but before external investment advisory fees and mortality and expense charges. 
 Mortality equal to to of the 2012 Individual Annuity Mortality basic table improved using Scale G through 2019. 
 Lapse rates varying by contract type, duration and degree the benefit is in-the-money and ranging from to (before application of dynamic adjustments). 
 Discount rates: on 2020 and later issues, on 2013 through 2019 issues, on 2012 and prior issues. 
 
 Most GMWB reserves are considered derivatives under current accounting guidance and are recognized at fair value, as previously defined, with the change in fair value reported in net income (as net gains (losses) on derivatives and investments). The fair value of these embedded derivatives is determined using stochastic modeling and inputs as further described in Note 6. The GMWB net embedded derivative (asset) liability of ) million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and was reported in reserves for future policy benefits and claims payable. 
 
 The Company has also issued certain GMWB products that guarantee payments over a lifetime. Reserves for the portion of these benefits after the point where the guaranteed withdrawal balance is exhausted are calculated using assumptions and 
 177 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 10. Certain Non-traditional Long-Duration Contracts and Variable Annuity Guarantees 

 million and million, respectively, and were reported in reserves for future policy benefits and claims payable. 
 
 GMAB benefits were offered on some variable annuity products. However, the Company no longer offers these benefits and all have expired as of June 30, 2021. 
 
 The direct GMIB liability is determined at each period end by estimating the expected value of the annuitization benefits in excess of the projected account balance at the date of annuitization and recognizing the excess ratably over the accumulation period based on total expected assessments. The assumptions used for calculating the direct GMIB liability are consistent with those used for calculating the GMDB liability. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, GMIB reserves before reinsurance totaled million and million, respectively. 
 
 Other Liabilities Insurance and Annuitization Benefits 
 
 The Company has established additional reserves for life insurance business for universal life plans with secondary guarantees, interest-sensitive life plans that exhibit profits followed by loss patterns and account balance adjustments to tabular guaranteed cash values on one interest-sensitive life plan. 
 
 years years Account balance adjustments N/A N/A N/A N/A 

The following assumptions and methodology were used to determine the universal life insurance benefit liability for the periods referenced in the table above: 
 
 Use of a series of deterministic premium persistency scenarios. 
 Other experience assumptions similar to those used in amortization of deferred acquisition costs. 
 Discount rates equal to credited interest rates, approximately to at both December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 178 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 11. Long-Term Debt 

11. 
 
 Senior Notes due 2027 Senior Notes due 2031 Senior Notes due 2032 Senior Notes due 2051 Term loan due 2023 Surplus notes FHLBI bank loans Total long-term debt 

Senior Notes 
 
 On June 8, 2022, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of its senior unsecured notes, consisting of million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due June 8, 2027, and million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due June 8, 2032. The net proceeds of these notes were used, together with cash on hand, to repay the Company s million aggregate principal senior unsecured amount term loan due February 2023 (the 2023 DDTL Facility ). 
 
 On November 23, 2021, the Company issued billion aggregate principal amount of its senior unsecured notes consisting of million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due November 22, 2023, million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due November 23, 2031, and million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due November 23, 2051. The proceeds of these notes were used, together with cash on hand, to repay the Company s billion aggregate principal amount senior unsecured term loan due May 2022 (the 2022 DDTL Facility ), as described below. 
 
 Term Loans 
 
 On February 22, 2021, the Company entered into a billion 2022 DDTL Facility and a billion 2023 DDTL Facility (the DDTL Credit Facilities with a syndicate of banks. On September 10, 2021, the Company borrowed an aggregate principal amount of billion under the DDTL Credit Facilities as follows: billion under the 2022 DDTL Facility and million under the 2023 DDTL Facility. The proceeds of those borrowings were used for general corporate purposes, including liquidity at the holding company and capitalization of the insurance subsidiaries. Under the terms of the DDTL Credit Facilities, subject to certain exceptions, 100 of the net cash proceeds from any subsequent debt issuance, preferred equity issuance or hybrid instrument issuance by the Company or its subsidiaries will be required to be applied (i) first to prepay the 2022 DDTL Facility and (ii) thereafter, to prepay the 2023 DDTL Facility. As noted above, both term loans have been retired through the application of the proceeds from senior unsecured notes and cash on hand. 
 
 179 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 11. Long-Term Debt 

 billion revolving credit facility (the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility with a syndicate of banks. The 2021 Revolving Credit Facility provides liquidity backstop. At December 31, 2022, the Company has zero outstanding against the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility. 
 
 On February 24, 2023, the Company replaced the 2021 Revolving Credit Facility that was due to expire in February 2024 and entered into a revolving credit facility (the "2023 Revolving Credit Facility") with a syndicate of banks and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. The 2023 Revolving Credit Facility provides for borrowings for working capital and other general corporate purposes under aggregate commitments of billion, with a sub-limit of million available for letters of credit. The 2023 Revolving Credit Facility further provides for the ability to request, subject to customary terms and conditions, an increase in commitments thereunder by up to an additional million. 
 
 The credit agreement for the 2023 Revolving Credit Facility contains financial maintenance covenants, including a minimum adjusted consolidated net worth test of no less than of our adjusted consolidated net worth as of September 30, 2022 (plus (to the extent positive) or minus (to the extent negative) of the impact on such adjusted consolidated net worth resulting from the application of a one-time transition adjustment for the LDTI accounting change for insurance contracts, and plus of the aggregate amount of any increase in adjusted consolidated net worth resulting from equity issuances by the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries after September 30, 2022), and a maximum consolidated indebtedness to total capitalization ratio test not to exceed . Commitments under the 2023 Revolving Credit Facility terminate on February 24, 2028. 
 
 Surplus Notes 
 
 Under Michigan insurance law, for statutory reporting purposes, the surplus notes are not part of the legal liabilities of the Company and are considered surplus funds. Payments of interest or principal may only be made with the prior approval of the Michigan Director of Insurance and only out of surplus earnings which the director determines to be available for such payments under Michigan insurance law. 
 
 On March 15, 1997, the Company, through its subsidiary, Jackson, issued surplus notes in the principal amount of million due March 15, 2027. These surplus notes were issued pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and are unsecured and subordinated to all present and future indebtedness, policy claims and other creditor claims and may not be redeemed at the option of the Company or any holder prior to maturity. Interest is payable semi-annually on March 15th and September 15th of each year. Interest expense on the notes was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 FHLB Loans 
 
 The Company received loans of million from the FHLBI under its community investment program in both 2015 and 2014, which amortize on a straight-line basis over the loan term. The weighted average interest rate on these loans was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the loans were collateralized by mortgage-related securities and commercial mortgage loans with a carrying value of million and million, respectively. 

12. 
 
 were outstanding at both December 31, 2022 and 2021 and were recorded in other liabilities. 
 180 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 13. Income Taxes 

13. 
 
 million as a result of the CARES ACT. In addition, the Taxpayer Certainty Disaster Tax Relief Act was enacted on December 27, 2020. There was no impact to taxes from this legislation in 2021 or 2020. 
 
 Effective Tax Rate ) ) State and local ) Total current tax expense (benefit) ) ) ) Deferred tax expense (benefit) Federal ) State and local ) Total deferred tax expense (benefit) ) Total income taxes ) 
 
 181 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 13. Income Taxes 

 ) State income taxes (1) 
 ) Dividends received deduction ) ) ) Valuation allowance U.S. federal tax reform impact (2) 
 ) Foreign and other tax credits (3) 
 ) ) ) Prior year deferred tax benefit ) Other (4) 
 ) ) Income tax (benefit) expense ) Effective tax rate 
 
 (1) For the year ended December 31, 2020, includes a benefit of million relating to prior periods. 
 (2) For the year ended December 31, 2020, the benefit is the result of the CARES Act. 
 (3) For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, this primarily represents the benefit from foreign tax credits generated by the fund investments of the variable life and annuity contracts. 

The dividends received deduction DRD reduces the amount of dividend income subject to tax. The DRD for the current period was estimated using information from 2021 and estimates of current year investments results. The actual current year DRD can vary based on factors including, changes in the amount of dividends received that are eligible for the DRD, changes in the amount of distributions received from fund investments, changes in the account balances of variable life and annuity contracts, and the Company s taxable income before the DRD. 
 
 Income Taxes Paid 
 
 Income taxes paid (refunded) were ) million, ) million, and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The income taxes refunded in 2021 include ) million of taxes and ) million of net interest related to the IRS audit that closed during 2021 and ) million of refunds from the overpayment of 2020 taxes in 2021. 

182 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 13. Income Taxes 

 Employee benefits Derivative investments Net unrealized losses Net operating loss carryforward Other Total gross deferred tax asset Valuation allowance ) ) Gross deferred tax asset, net of valuation allowance Gross deferred tax liability Difference between financial reporting and the tax basis of: Deferred acquisition costs and sales inducements ) ) Other investment items ) ) Net unrealized gains ) Other ) ) Total gross deferred tax liability ) ) Net deferred tax asset 
 
 Deferred income taxes arise from the recognition of temporary differences between the basis of assets and liabilities determined for financial reporting purposes and the basis determined for income tax purposes. Such temporary differences are principally related to the effects of recording certain invested assets at market value, the deferral of acquisition costs and sales inducements and the provisions for future policy benefits and expenses. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using the tax rates expected to be in effect when such benefits are realized. 
 
 In 2016, the Company reached an agreement with the IRS regarding the taxation of hedging activities. This agreement requires the current taxation of all unrealized gains and losses on hedge-related investments, but then defers two-thirds of the amount ratably over the following two years. Accordingly, there is an acceleration of taxes incurred currently and a related offset to the taxes being deferred. 
 
 The Company is required to evaluate the recoverability of its deferred tax assets and establish a valuation allowance, if necessary, to reduce its deferred tax asset to an amount that is more-likely-than-not to be realizable. Considerable judgment and the use of estimates are required when determining whether a valuation allowance is necessary and, if so, the amount of such valuation allowance. When evaluating the need for a valuation allowance, the Company considers many factors, including: the nature and character of the deferred tax assets and liabilities; taxable income in prior carryback years; future reversals of temporary differences; the length of time carryovers can be utilized; and any tax planning strategies the Company would employ to avoid a tax benefit from expiring unused. 
 
 The Company utilized a three-year rolling calculation of actual comprehensive income before taxes adjusted for permanent items to measure the cumulative losses in recent years. In 2020, the Company entered into a funds withheld coinsurance agreement with Athene. The cumulative comprehensive income includes items that are not indicative of the Company s ability to generate future taxable income. As such, an adjustment was made to exclude the change in AOCI not attributable to the funds withheld coinsurance agreement with Athene. The change in AOCI attributable to these assets is excluded because our invested assets are generally invested to closely match the duration of our liabilities, which are longer duration in nature, and therefore the Company believes that the period-to-period fair market value fluctuations in AOCI are inconsistent when analyzing trends in our business. The changes in AOCI within the funds withheld account related to the Athene Reinsurance Transaction are not excluded because they offset the related earnings from the Athene Reinsurance 
 183 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 13. Income Taxes 

 million and million, respectively, of net deferred tax assets will be realized through future projected taxable income. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, recent changes in market conditions, including rising interest rates, impacted the unrealized tax gains and losses in the available for sale securities portfolio resulting in deferred tax assets related to net unrealized tax capital losses for the life insurance group. The deferred tax asset relates to the unrealized losses for which the carryforward period has not yet begun, and as such, when assessing its recoverability, we consider our ability and intent to hold the underlying securities to recovery, our capital loss carryback capacity, along with reversing capital deferred tax liabilities. As of December 31, 2022, based on all available evidence, we concluded that a valuation allowance should be established on a portion of the deferred tax asset related to unrealized losses that are not more-likely-than-not to be realized. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, the Company recorded a million and valuation allowance associated with the unrealized tax capital losses in the Life Insurance Companies' available for sale securities portfolio. All of the valuation allowance establishment was allocated to other comprehensive income. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, the Company recorded a valuation allowance in the amount of million and million against the deferred tax assets associated with both realized and unrealized losses on capital assets, in the Non-life Companies', where it is not more-likely-than-not that the full tax benefit of the losses will be realized. 
 
 Carryforwards 
 
 Section 382 net operating loss from previous acquisition (2) 
 State net operating and capital loss carryforwards (3) 
 Foreign Tax Credit (4) 
 Alternative Minimum Credit (5) 
 Total (1) Unlimited carryforward 
 (2) Begins to expire in 2026 with annual limitation of approximately million. 
 (3) For the year ended December 31, 2022, includes million with expiration of - years, and with million unlimited carryforward. 
 (4) year carryforward 
 (5) Subject to Section 383 limitations. 

Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes 
 
 The Company determines whether a tax position is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by tax authorities. The portion of a tax position that is greater than the 50 likelihood of being realized is recorded on the financial statements and any unrecognized part of a position due to uncertainties are recorded as a liability and are charged 
 184 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 13. Income Taxes 

 million related to a change in the calculation of its tax basis reserves as a result of the lapse of the statute of limitations, which resulted in no reserves related to unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2021. 
 
 The Company recognizes interest and penalties accrued, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax (benefit) expense. The Company did not recognize any interest and penalty expense in 2022, 2021 or 2020. For 2022 and 2021, the Company had accrued total interest expense of an amount and , respectively. For 2022 and 2021, the Company did not accrue any amounts for penalties. 
 
 Based on information available as of December 31, 2022, the Company believes that, in the next 12 months, there are no positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase or decrease. 
 
 Tax Examinations And Litigation 
 
 The Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal tax examinations by tax authorities for years prior to 2018. Tax years from 2018 to 2022 remain open under the statute of limitations. The 2018 IRS exam of the JFI non-life federal consolidated return closed during 2022 with no material impact to the Company. Certain of the Company s subsidiaries state income tax returns are currently under examination by various jurisdictions for years ranging from 2011 to 2021. The Company does not anticipate any material changes from any of these audits . 
 
 Organization and Tax Sharing Agreements 
 
 Our U.S. federal consolidated income tax group includes both life companies and non-life companies. The Company files separate non-life and life insurance consolidated federal income tax returns with the U.S. federal government and various state and local jurisdictions, as well as certain foreign jurisdictions. 
 
 Jackson Financial and its non-life insurance subsidiaries, Jackson Holdings, LLC and PPM, file a consolidated non-life federal income tax return. Brooke Life files a consolidated life insurance company tax return with Jackson, JNY, and Squire Re II. Jackson National Life (Bermuda) LTD and VFL International Life Company SPC, LTD are taxed as controlled foreign corporations of Jackson. With the exception of several insignificant wholly-owned subsidiaries that are not included in the Brooke Life consolidated tax return, all other subsidiaries of Jackson are limited liability companies with all of their interests owned by Jackson. Accordingly, they are not considered separate entities for income tax purposes and, therefore, are taxed as part of the operations of Jackson. Income tax expense is calculated on a separate company basis. 
 
 Jackson Financial, Jackson Holdings LLC, and PPM have entered into written tax sharing agreements. These tax sharing agreements are generally based on a separate return basis with benefits for credits and losses. 
 
 Brooke Life, Jackson, JNY, and Squire RE II have entered into written tax sharing agreements. These tax sharing agreements are generally based on a separate return basis with benefits for credits and losses. 

14. 

185 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 14. Commitments and Contingencies 

 million. At December 31, 2022, unfunded commitments related to fixed-rate mortgage loans and other debt securities totaled million. 

15. 
 
 million and million and associated lease liabilities of million and million, respectively, classified within other assets and other liabilities , respectively. Net lease expense was million, million, and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, including expenses associated with software leases. 
 
 Variable lease costs Sublease income ) ) ) Net Lease Cost Other Information: Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liability Weighted average lease term years years years Weighted average discount rate 
 (1) Operating lease costs exclude software leases, as intangible assets are excluded from the scope of Accounting Standard Codification 842, Leases. 

186 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 15. Leases 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Less: interest Present value of lease liabilities 

16. 
 
 . In 2021, these plans were replaced through a re-issuance by Jackson Financial Inc. s 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Incentive Plan and the remaining outstanding awards were exchanged for awards under the new plan as further described below. 
 
 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 
 In April 2021, the Company s Board of Directors adopted, and the Company s shareholders approved, the Incentive Plan. This Incentive Plan became effective following the completion of the Demerger and replaced the Prudential Share Plans. The outstanding unvested awards previously issued under the Prudential Share Plans were exchanged for equivalent awards of shares of JFI s Class A Common Stock under the Incentive Plan, with a grant date of October 4, 2021. The performance conditions of the awards were modified to be based on U.S. GAAP based metrics, rather than IFRS. The incremental compensation cost resulting from the modifications will be recognized ratably over the remaining requisite service period of each award. 
 
 The Incentive Plan allows for stock-based awards including stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted share awards, performance share awards, and deferred share units. The Incentive Plan has a term, expiring in September 2031. The Company currently has Restricted Share Unit and Performance Share Unit equity-based compensation awards outstanding. Dividend equivalents are generally accrued on restricted share units and performance share units outstanding as of the record date. These dividend equivalents are paid only on restricted share units and performance share units that ultimately vest. Generally, the requisite service period is the vesting period. In the case of retirement (eligibility for which is based on the associate's age and years of service as provided in the relevant award agreement), awards vest in full, but are subject to the satisfaction of any applicable performance criteria and paid in line with the original vesting date. The maximum aggregate number of shares of the Company s common stock that may be issued pursuant to awards under the Incentive Plan shall not exceed shares. Shares for which payment is in cash, including the shares withheld to cover associate payroll taxes, as well as shares that expire, terminate, or are canceled or forfeited, may be awarded or granted again under the Incentive Plan. 
 
 The Company reflects the cash settled awards of the above plan as a liability classified plan and, therefore, reports the accrued compensation expense and the value of the cash settled awards within other liabilities. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had million and million accrued for future payments under this plan, respectively. 
 
 187 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 16. Share-Based Compensatio n 

 equal installments on the first through third anniversaries of the grant date over a service period, subject to forfeiture and transfer restrictions, and are payable in cash or shares at the Company s discretion. The associate awards granted in 2021 will have a shortened, vesting period. In addition, - and awards were issued in connection with the Company s Demerger. RSUs have immediate dividend rights and voting rights upon issuance of underlying shares when the share units vest. In lieu of cash dividend payments, the dividends on unvested RSUs are awarded in additional units equal to the value of the dividends and are subject to the same vesting and distribution conditions as the underlying RSU. 
 
 Granted (1) 
 Vested 
 ) ) Forfeited 
 ) ) Non-vested at end of period 

(1) Includes dividend equivalents granted in the current period on awards outstanding 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 Share-Settled Cash-Settled RSUs Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value per Share RSUs Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value per Share Nonvested at beginning of period Granted (1) 
 Vested Forfeited ) Re-issuance due to modification Nonvested at end of period 

Performance Share Units ("PSUs") 
 
 JFI grants PSUs to certain associates. PSU vesting is contingent on meeting a specified service requirement and the level of achievement of performance conditions. The PSU awards entitle recipients to receive, upon vesting, a number of units that ranges from to of the number of PSUs awarded, depending on the level of achievement of the specified performance conditions. The awards are generally expected to vest after a period of , subject to forfeiture and transfer restrictions, and are payable in cash or shares at the Company s discretion. However, the awards granted in 2021 will have a shortened, vesting period. Award recipients have immediate dividend rights and voting rights upon issuance of underlying shares when the share units vest. The dividends on unvested PSUs are awarded in additional units equal to the value of the dividends and are subject to the same vesting and distribution conditions as the underlying PSUs. The modified PSU awards retained their vesting and performance conditions, modified to be based on U.S. GAAP based metrics, rather than IFRS. 
 
 188 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 16. Share-Based Compensatio n 

 Granted (1) 
 Vested 
 ) ) Forfeited 
 ) ) Non-vested at end of period 
 
 (1) Includes dividend equivalents granted in the current period on awards outstanding 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 Share-Settled Cash-Settled PSUs Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value per Share PSUs Weighted-Average Grant Date Fair Value per Share Nonvested at beginning of period Granted (1) 
 Vested Forfeited ) ) Re-issuance due to modification Nonvested at end of period 

Compensation Cost 
 
 JFI charges the fair value of the restricted share units and performance share units to expense over the requisite service period. The fair value of equity-classified RSUs and PSUs is based on the price of JFI s common stock on the grant date. The fair value of liability-classified RSUs and PSUs is based on the price of JFI s common stock as of the reporting date. For performance-based awards, JFI estimates the number of shares expected to vest at the end of the performance period based on the probable achievement of the performance objectives. RSUs have graded vesting features and JFI recognizes expense for those awards on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. The Company recognizes forfeitures as they occur when recognizing share-based compensation expense. 
 
 Income tax benefit recognized 
 
 Unrecognized compensation cost for RSUs and PSUs under the Incentive Plan as of December 31, 2022 was million with a weighted average recognition period of years. 

17. 
 
 million, million, and million of revenue during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, associated with these investment services. This revenue is included in fee income in the accompanying Consolidated Income Statements. 
 
 189 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 18. Statutory Accounting and Regulatory Matters 

 million, million, and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, associated with these services. 

18. 
 
 billion and billion, respectively. Jackson had statutory net income (loss) of million, million, and ) million, in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Furthermore, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, Brooke Life s statutory capital and surplus was billion and billion, respectively, which includes its investment in Jackson of billion and billion, in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Brooke Life s statutory net income (loss) was ) million, ) million, and ) million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Brooke Life s statutory net income did not include dividend payments from Jackson in 2022 or 2021. Brooke Life paid dividends of million to its parent in 2022 with related dividend payments in 2021. 
 
 The Company s consolidated assets are primarily those of its life insurance subsidiary, Jackson. Under the Michigan Insurance Code of 1956, Jackson must notify the Michigan Director of Insurance prior to payment of any dividend. Ordinary dividends on capital stock may only be distributed out of earned surplus, excluding any unrealized capital gains and the effect of permitted practices (referred to as adjusted earned surplus). Ordinary dividends are also limited to the greater of 10 of statutory surplus as of the preceding year end, excluding any increase arising from the application of permitted practices, or the statutory net income, excluding any net realized investment gains, for the twelve-month period ended on the preceding December 31. The Michigan Director of Insurance may approve payment of dividends in excess of these amounts, which would be deemed an extraordinary dividend. The maximum amount that would qualify as an ordinary dividend for Jackson, which would consequently be free from restriction and available for payment of dividends to Brooke Life in 2022, is estimated to be million, subject to the availability of adjusted earned surplus as of the dividend date. At December 31, 2022, Jackson had million adjusted earned surplus available for ordinary dividends. Furthermore, at December 31, 2022, Brooke Life had adjusted earned surplus of million. The maximum amount that would qualify as an ordinary dividend for Brooke Life, which would consequently be free from restriction and available for payment of dividends to Brooke Life s parent in 2023, is estimated to be million, subject to the availability of adjusted earned surplus as of the dividend date. 
 
 On February 24, 2023, Jackson received approval from the Michigan Director of Insurance for a million distribution to Jackson s parent company, Brooke Life. The distribution is expected to occur in the first quarter of 2023. Brooke Life will subsequently upstream this distribution to its ultimate parent, Jackson Financial, except for million of the distribution to be used for debt servicing of its surplus note payable. 
 
 Under Michigan insurance law, Value of Business Acquired ("VOBA") is reported as an admitted asset if certain criteria are met. Pursuant to Michigan insurance law, Jackson reported million of statutory basis VOBA, at December 31, 2021, which was fully admissible. At December 31, 2022, Jackson's statutory basis VOBA was as the balance was fully amortized in 2022. 
 
 The NAIC has developed certain risk-based capital RBC requirements for life insurance companies. Under those requirements, compliance is determined by a ratio of a company s total adjusted capital TAC ), calculated in a manner prescribed by the NAIC to its authorized control level RBC, calculated in a manner prescribed by the NAIC. Companies below specific trigger points or ratios are classified within certain levels, each of which requires specified corrective action. The minimum level of TAC before corrective action commences is twice the authorized control level RBC Company 
 190 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 18. Statutory Accounting and Regulatory Matters 

19. 
 
 hours of service in a 12-month period and passed their employment anniversary. In addition, the associate must be employed on the applicable January 1 or July 1 entry date. The Company s annual profit-sharing contributions, as declared by Jackson s Board of Directors, are based on a percentage of eligible compensation paid to participating associates during the year. In addition, the Company matches a participant s elective contribution, up to percent of eligible compensation, to the plan during the year. The Company s expense related to this plan was million, million, and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 The Company maintains non-qualified voluntary deferred compensation plans for certain associates and independent agents. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total aggregate liability for such plans was million and million, respectively, and was reported in other liabilities. The Company s expense (income) related to these plans, including a match of elective deferrals for the agents deferred compensation plan and the change in value of participant elective deferrals, was ) million, million, and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

20. 
 Other commission expenses Sub-advisor expenses Athene ceding commission (1) 
 ) General and administrative expenses Deferral of acquisition costs ) ) ) Total operating costs and other expenses (1) See Note 8 to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 

191 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 21. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 

 21. 
 Change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of investments ) ) Change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) - other Change in deferred tax asset ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Reclassifications from AOCI, net of tax ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance, end of period (1) 
 ) 
 (1) Includes ) million and million related to the investments held within the funds withheld account related to the Athene Reinsurance Transaction as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 ) ) Net gains (losses) on derivatives and investments Other impaired securities ) Net gains (losses) on derivatives and investments Net unrealized gain (loss) ) ) ) Amortization of deferred acquisition costs Reclassifications, before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) ) Reclassifications, net of income taxes ) ) ) 

22. 
 
 classes of common stock: Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock. Both classes had a par value of per share. Each share of Class A Common Stock was entitled to vote per share. Each share of Class B Common Stock was entitled to one-tenth of one vote per share. Except for voting rights, the Company s Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock had the same dividend rights, were equal in all other respects, and were otherwise treated as if they were one class of shares. On June 9, 2022, our shareholders approved the Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, which amended and restated the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to eliminate the Class B Common Stock. At December 31, 2021, the Company was authorized to issue up to million shares of Class A Common Stock and million shares of Class B Common Stock. At December 31, 2022, the Company was authorized to issue up to billion shares of common stock (formerly known as the Class A Common Stock at December 31, 2021). 
 
 192 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 22. Equity 

 -for-1 stock split of its Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock by way of a reclassification of its Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock. The incremental par value of the newly issued shares was recorded with the offset to additional paid-in capital. All share and earnings per share information presented herein have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the stock split. 
 
 Share Repurchase and Common Stock Conversion 
 
 On November 8, 2021, our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program of our Class A Common Stock of million. On February 28, 2022, our Board of Directors authorized an increase of million in our existing authorization to repurchase shares of our outstanding Class A Common Stock as part of the Company's share repurchase program. 
 
 On December 13, 2021, we repurchased shares of our Class A Common Stock from Prudential and shares of our Class A Common Stock from Athene. The price per share in the repurchase was . On December 13, 2021, Athene converted a total of shares of its Class B Common Stock to Class A Common Stock on a -for-one basis. On February 1, 2022, Athene converted the remaining shares of its Class B Common Stock to Class A Common Stock on a -for-one basis. 
 
 On March 12, 2022, we repurchased shares of our Class A Common Stock from Athene. The price per share in the repurchase was . 
 
 On February 27, 2023, our Board of Directors authorized an increase of million in our existing authorization to repurchase shares of our outstanding Class A Common Stock as part of the Company's share repurchase program. As of February 22, 2023, the Company had remaining authorization to purchase million of its common shares. The Company expects to repurchase shares from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The timing, form and amount of the share repurchases under the program are at the discretion of management and will depend on a variety of factors, including funds available at the parent company, other potential uses for such funds, market conditions, the Company's capital position, legal requirements and other factors. The repurchase program may be modified, extended or terminated by the Board at any time. It does not have an expiration date. There can be no assurance that we will continue share repurchases or approve any increase to, or approve any new, stock repurchase program, or as to the amount of any repurchases made pursuant to such programs. 
 
 Total 2021 2022 (January 1 - March 31) 2022 (April 1 - June 30) 2022 (July 1 - September 30) 2022 (October 1 - December 31) Total 2022 2023 (January 1 - February 22) 

193 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 22. Equity 

 Shares repurchased under repurchase program ) ) Shares at December 31, 2021 ) Share-based compensation programs (1) 
 Shares repurchased under repurchase program ) ) Shares at December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 (1) Represents net shares issued from treasury stock pursuant to the Company s share-based compensation programs. 
 
 Dividends to Shareholders 
 
 Any declaration of cash dividends will be at the discretion of JFI s Board of Directors and will depend on our financial condition, earnings, liquidity and capital requirements, regulatory constraints, level of indebtedness, contractual restrictions with respect to paying cash dividends, restrictions imposed by Delaware law, general business conditions and any other factors that JFI s Board of Directors deems relevant in making any such determination. Therefore, there can be no assurance that we will pay any cash dividends to holders of our common stock or as to the amount of any such cash dividend. 
 
 06/30/2022 May 9, 2022 June 2, 2022 June 16, 2022 09/30/2022 August 8, 2022 September 1, 2022 September 15, 2022 12/31/2022 November 7, 2022 December 1, 2022 December 15, 2022 Quarter Ended 12/31/2021 November 8, 2021 November 19, 2021 December 9, 2021 
 
 There were dividends declared or paid to the Company s shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 Dividend equivalents are generally accrued on restricted share units and performance share units outstanding as of the record date. Dividend equivalents on restricted share units and performance share units that are ultimately payable in cash are recognized as compensation expense while those that are ultimately payable in shares are recognized as dividends. 
 
 Cumulative Effect of Changes in Accounting Principles 
 
 In 2020, the Company adopted ASU 2016-13 and all related amendments with a cumulative effect after-tax adjustment at December 31, 2020 of million to reduce retained earnings primarily related to the Company s commercial mortgage loans. 
 
 194 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 23. Earnings Per Share 

23. 
 
 ) Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding - basic Dilutive common shares Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding - diluted Earnings per share common stock Basic ) Diluted ) 

24. 
 
 million and million, respectively, which increased financing cash flows offset by a decrease in operating cash flows. In addition, there were revisions reflected in our disclosures throughout this Form 10-K. 

195 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 24. Revision and Reclassifications of Prior Period Financial Statements 

 Total assets Liabilities Reserves for future policy benefits and claims payable Other contract holder funds ) Notes issued by consolidated variable interest entities, at fair value under fair value option Other liabilities ) Total liabilities Total liabilities and equity 
 
 Consolidated Income Statements (in millions) As Previously Reported Impact of Revisions and Reclassifications As Revised Year Ended Year Ended Year Ended 12/31/21 12/31/21 12/31/21 Revenues Fee income Premium Net investment income ) Total revenues Benefits and Expenses Death, other policy benefits and change in policy reserves, net of deferrals Interest credited on other contract holder funds, net of deferrals and amortization ) Operating costs and other expenses, net of deferrals Amortization of deferred acquisition costs ) Total benefits and expenses Net income (loss) 
 
 Consolidated Income Statements (in millions) As Previously Reported Impact of Revisions and Reclassifications As Revised Year Ended Year Ended Year Ended 12/31/20 12/31/20 12/31/20 Revenues Fee income Premium Net investment income ) Total revenues Benefits and Expenses Death, other policy benefits and change in policy reserves, net of deferrals Interest credited on other contract holder funds, net of deferrals and amortization Operating costs and other expenses, net of deferrals Amortization of deferred acquisition costs ) ) ) Total benefits and expenses Net income (loss) ) ) 
 
 196 

Part II | Item 8. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 25. Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) 

25. 
 ) Benefits and expenses (1) 
 Pretax income (loss) ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to Jackson Financial Inc. ) ) Earnings per share Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) 
 
 (1) As discussed above, we recorded out of period reclassifications affecting Revenues and Benefits and expenses. The out of period reclassifications increased Revenues by million and million for each of the three months ended June 30, 2022 and March 31, 2022, respectively. Similarly, the reclassification increased Revenues by million, million, million and million for each of the three months ended December 31, 2021, September 30, 2021 June 30, 2021 and March 31, 2021, respectively. The increase in Revenues is directly offset by an increase to Benefits and expenses for the respective periods indicated. 

26. 
 
 per share, payable on March 23, 2023, to shareholders of record on March 14, 2023. 
 
 Share Repurchase Authorization 
 
 On February 27, 2023, our Board of Directors authorized an increase of million to our existing share repurchase authorization of JFI's Common Stock. 
 
 197 

Other government securities Public utilities Corporate securities Residential mortgage-backed Commercial mortgage-backed Other asset-backed securities Total debt securities Equity securities Mortgage loans N/A Policy loans N/A Derivative instruments N/A Other invested assets N/A Total investments 

See the accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 198 

Investment in subsidiaries Cash and cash equivalents Accrued investment income Intercompany receivables Deferred income taxes, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Equity Liabilities Senior Notes due 2023 - unaffiliated (1) (2) 
 Senior Notes due 2027 - unaffiliated (1) (2) 
 Senior Notes due 2031 - unaffiliated (1) (2) 
 Senior Notes due 2032 - unaffiliated (1) (2) 
 Senior Notes due 2051 - unaffiliated (1) (2) 
 Term loan due 2023 - unaffiliated (1) 
 Deferred income taxes, net Intercompany payables Other liabilities Total liabilities Equity Common stock, (i) at December 31, 2022, common stock (formerly known as the Class A Common Stock at December 31, 2021) shares authorized, par value per share and shares issued and outstanding (ii) at December 31, 2021, Class A Common Stock shares authorized, par value per share and shares issued and outstanding and Class B Common Stock shares authorized, par value per share and shares issued and outstanding (See Note 22 to Consolidated Financial Statements) 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock, at cost; and shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income ) Retained earnings (deficit) Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 (1) See Note 11 - Long-Term Debt to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding these borrowings. 
 (2) Includes unamortized debt issuance costs totaling million and million for the senior notes on a combined basis at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

(continued) 
 
 199 

Dividends from subsidiaries Interest income from subsidiaries Total revenues Benefits and Expenses Interest expense Operating costs and other expenses Total benefits and expenses Pretax income Income tax expense (benefit) ) Subsidiary equity earnings (loss) ) Net income (loss) ) 

(continued) 
 
 200 

) Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Subsidiary equity earnings ) ) Interest expense Amortization of discount and premium on investments ) Change in other assets and liabilities, net ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: Sales, maturities and repayments of: Debt securities Purchases of: Debt securities ) Other investing activities Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Net proceeds from (payments on) borrowings ) Net proceeds from issuance of senior notes Debt issuance costs ) ) Dividends on common stock ) ) Capital distribution to subsidiary ) ) Share based compensation Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Common stock issuance Athene Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and short-term investments ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Total cash and cash equivalents, end of year Non-cash financing transactions Non-cash dividend equivalents on stock based awards ) Non-cash debt restructuring transactions ) Shares issued in settlement of the debt restructuring 

See the accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 201 

Closed Life and Annuity Blocks Institutional Products Corporate and Other ) Total December 31, 2021 Retail Annuities Closed Life and Annuity Blocks Institutional Products Corporate and Other ) Total December 31, 2020 Retail Annuities Closed Life and Annuity Blocks Institutional Products Corporate and Other Total 

(continued) 
 
 202 

Closed Life and Annuity Blocks Institutional Products Corporate and Other Segment subtotal Non-operating items (1) 
 ) Total December 31, 2021 Retail Annuities Closed Life and Annuity Blocks Institutional Products Corporate and Other Segment subtotal Non-operating items (1) 
 ) Total December 31, 2020 Retail Annuities Closed Life and Annuity Blocks Institutional Products Corporate and Other ) Segment subtotal Non-operating items (1) 
 ) ) ) Total ) 

See the accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 203 

Insurance premium Life insurance Accident and health Payout annuity Annuity guaranteed benefits ) Total insurance premium 2021 Life insurance in-force Insurance premium Life insurance Accident and health Payout annuity Annuity guaranteed benefits ) Total insurance premium 2020 Life insurance in-force Insurance premium Life insurance Accident and health Payout annuity Annuity guaranteed benefits ) Total insurance premium 

See the accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 204 

) (1) Allowances for credit losses on mortgage and other loans (2) Allowance for credit losses on reinsurance recoverable Valuation allowance on deferred tax asset (3) ) 2021 Allowance for credit losses on debt securities ) (1) Allowances for credit losses on mortgage and other loans ) (2) Allowance for credit losses on reinsurance recoverable ) Valuation allowance on deferred tax asset ) 
 (1) Represents reductions for securities disposed. 
 (2) Represents provision (release) of allowance for write-offs. 
 million valuation allowance during the year ended December 31, 2022, associated with the unrealized tax losses in the companies' available for sale securities portfolio, see Note 13. Income Taxes for further information. 

See the accompanying Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 205 

Part II Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, which are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. During the period covered by this Report, we, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) and determined our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to a newly identified material weakness, as described below. Consequently, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Notwithstanding such material weakness, management has concluded that the Company s consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, when read with the notes thereto, present fairly in all material respects our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management of Jackson Financial Inc. Jackson Financial along with its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act). The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process, under the supervision of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company s financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 The Company s management, under the oversight of Jackson Financial's Audit Committee, conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the criteria established in the Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO"). Based on our assessment under that framework, the Company s management has concluded that, due to the material weakness described below, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022 . 
 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The identified material weakness relates to ineffective risk assessment of a process level control used to determine our nonperformance risk adjustment in developing the discount rate used to estimate the fair value of some of the guarantee features of our variable annuity products. Specifically, management determined that the evidence of evaluation around the consideration of changes in factors that could have a material impact on the discount rate was insufficient to demonstrate that an effective control existed. 
 
 This newly identified material weakness did not result in any identified misstatements to the financial statements, and there were no changes to previously released financial results. 
 206 

Part II Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Our independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP, who audited the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, issued an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. KPMG LLP's report appears on page 105 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Remediation Efforts on Previously Identified Material Weakness 
 
 We described in the Company's Form 10, Note 2 Restatement of Previously Issued Financial Statements to our audited financial statements, the background to the restatement of our previously-issued audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2020. Our management has concluded that the restatement resulted from a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2020. Due to continued existence of this material weakness, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 As a result of the material weakness, our management identified the need for stronger controls when assessing the accounting for significant and unusual transactions that involve a high degree of judgment and complexity, along with the need for additional technical U.S. GAAP accounting expertise. Our management implemented new controls, and enhanced certain existing controls, related to the assessment of accounting policies applied to significant and unusual transactions and hired additional resources with technical U.S. GAAP accounting expertise. Through these actions and through testing that the applicable controls have operated for a sufficient period of time, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that these controls are operating effectively and the material weakness has been remediated as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 As described above, the Company took steps to remediate the prior material weakness in its internal control over financial reporting. Other than the changes related to the prior identified material weakness, there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. The Company will begin remediation of the newly identified material weakness in the first quarter of 2023 and expects that it will be remediated by the end of the year. Remediation will include enhanced evaluation of factors that could have a material impact on the discount rate including the evidence supporting such evaluation. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 

Part III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 All information required by Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of this Form 10-K is incorporated by reference from the definitive proxy statement for the Company's 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year pursuant to Regulation 14A. Information about our Executive Officers is also located in Item 1. Business of this Form 10-K. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 See Item 10 above. 

207 

Part III Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 
 See Item 10 above. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 See Item 10 above. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 See Item 10 above. 
 
 208 

Part IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

Part IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 The following documents are filed as exhibits hereto: 
 
 Number Description 2.1 Demerger Agreement, between Prudential plc and Jackson Financial Inc., dated as of August 6, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated August 6, 2021. 
 3.1 Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Jackson Financial Inc., dated as of June 9, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated June 10, 2022. 
 3.2 Amended and Restated By-Laws of Jackson Financial Inc., dated as of December 8, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated December 12, 2022. 
 4.1 Form of Class A Common Stock Certificate, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Amendment No. 1 to General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10, dated April 16, 2021. 
 4.2 Indenture, dated as of November 23, 2021, between Jackson Financial Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated November 23, 2021. 
 4.3 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 23, 2021, between Jackson Financial Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, relating to the 1.125 Senior Notes due 2023, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated November 23, 2021. 
 4.4 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 23, 2021, between Jackson Financial Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, relating to the 3.125 Senior Notes due 2031, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated November 23, 2021. 
 4.5 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 23, 2021, between Jackson Financial Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, relating to the 4.000 Senior Notes due 2051, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated November 23, 2021. 
 4.6 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 8, 2022, between Jackson Financial Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, relating to the 5.170 Senior Notes due 2027, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated June 8, 2022. 
 4.7 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 8, 2022, between Jackson Financial Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee, relating to the 5.670 Senior Notes due 2032, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated June 8, 2022. 
 4.8 Description of Registrant s Securities Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 10.1 Registration Rights Agreement, among Jackson Financial Inc., Prudential plc and Athene Co-Invest Reinsurance Affiliate 1A Ltd., dated as of August 6, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated August 6, 2021. 
 
 209 

Part IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

 10.2 Letter Agreement by and among Prudential plc, Jackson Financial Inc. and Athene Co-Invest Reinsurance Affiliate 1A Ltd., dated as of August 6, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated August 6, 2021. 
 10.3 Coinsurance Agreement, dated as of June 18, 2020, by and between Jackson National Life Insurance Company and Athene Life Re Ltd., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Jackson Financial Inc. s General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10, dated March 22, 2021. 
 10.4 Amendment No. 1 to Coinsurance Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2020, by and between Jackson National Life Insurance Company and Athene Life Re Ltd., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2.1 of Jackson Financial Inc. s General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10, dated March 22, 2021. 
 10.5 Investment Agreement, dated as of June 18, 2020, by and between Athene Life Re Ltd. and Brooke (Holdco1) Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Jackson Financial Inc. s General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10, dated March 22, 2021. 
 10.6 Jackson Financial Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6. of Jackson Financial Inc. s Amendment No. 1 to its General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10, dated April 16, 2021. 
 10.7 Form of Director Indemnification Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Amendment No. 1 to its General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10, dated April 16, 2021. 
 10.8 Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of February 24, 2023, among Jackson Financial Inc., the Subsidiary Account Parties, as additional obligors, the banks party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
 10.9 Separation Letter, dated as of October 19, 2020, by and between PPM America, Inc. and Mark Mandich, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of Jackson Financial Inc. s General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10, dated March 22, 2021. 
 10.10 Offer Letter Agreement, dated as of December 12, 2019, by and between Axel Andr and Jackson National Life Insurance Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of Jackson Financial Inc. s General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10, dated March 22, 2021. 
 10.11 Offer Letter Agreement, dated as of January 8, 2020, by and between Chad Myers and Jackson National Life Insurance Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of Jackson Financial Inc. s General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10, dated March 22, 2021. 
 10.12 Letter Agreement, executed December 29, 2022, by and between P. Chadwick Myers and Jackson National Life Insurance Company. 
 10.13 Executive Contract of Employment, dated as of October 11, 2018, by and between Michael Falcon, Jackson National Life Insurance Company and Prudential PLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 of Jackson Financial Inc. s General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10, dated March 22, 2021. 
 10.14 Offer Letter Agreement, dated as of October 11, 2018 , by and between Michael Falcon and Prudential PLC, 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 of Jackson Financial Inc. s General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10, dated March 22, 2021. 
 10.15 Letter Agreement, dated as of April 5, 2020, by and between Michael Falcon and Prudential PLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of Jackson Financial Inc. s General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10, dated March 22, 2021. 
 10.16 Separation Agreement, dated as of March 26, 2021, by and between Axel Andr and Jackson National Life Insurance Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Amendment No. 1 to its General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10, dated April 16, 2021. 
 
 210 

Part IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

 10.17 Separation Agreement, dated as of April 5, 2021, by and between Michael Falcon and Jackson National Life Insurance Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Amendment No. 1 to its General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10, dated April 16, 2021. 
 10.18 Separation Agreement, dated as of May 1, 2021, by and between Mark Mandich and PPM America, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Amendment No. 3 to its General Form for Registration of Securities on Form 10, dated July 14, 2021. 
 10.19 Separation Agreement, dated as of April 5, 2021, by and between Andrew J. Bowden and Jackson National Life Insurance Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of Jackson National Life Insurance Company s Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to its Registration Statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, on Form S-1, dated April 22, 2022. 
 10.20 Offer Letter Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2021, by and between Laura L. Prieskorn, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of Jackson National Life Insurance Company s Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to its Registration Statement under the Securities Act of 1933 on Form S-1, dated April 22, 2022. 
 10.21 Offer Letter, dated as of December 13, 2021, by and between Scott E. Romine, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 of Jackson National Life Insurance Company s Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to its Registration Statement under the Securities Act of 1933 on Form S-1, dated April 22, 2022. 
 10.22 Offer Letter Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2021, by and between Marcia L. Wadsten, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 of Jackson National Life Insurance Company s Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to its Registration Statement under the Securities Act of 1933 on Form S-1, dated April 22, 2022. 
 10.23 Class A Common Stock Repurchase Agreement, dated as of December 11, 2021, between Jackson Financial Inc. and Prudential plc, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated December 13, 2021. 
 10.24 Class A Common Stock Repurchase Agreement, dated as of December 11, 2021, between Jackson Financial Inc. and Athene Co-Invest Reinsurance Affiliate 1A Ltd., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated December 13, 2021. 
 10.25 Class A Common Stock Repurchase Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2022, between Jackson Financial Inc. and Athene Co-Invest Reinsurance Affiliate 1A Ltd., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated March 14, 2022. 
 10.26 Form of Notice of Award of Restricted Shares and 2022 Director Restricted Shares Award Agreement (annual equity retainer), between Jackson Financial Inc. and Derek G. Kirkland, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022, dated August 10, 2022. 
 10.27 Form of Notice of Award of Restricted Shares and 2022 Director Restricted Shares Award Agreement (equity in lieu of cash retainer), between Jackson Financial Inc. and Derek G. Kirkland, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022, dated August 10, 2022. 
 10.28 Form of Notice of Award of Restricted Share Units and 2022 Director Restricted Share Unit Agreement (annual equity retainer), between Jackson Financial Inc. and each of Lily Fu Claffee, Gregory T. Durant, Steven A. Kandarian, Drew Lawton, Martin J. Lippert, Russell G. Noles, and Esta E. Stecher, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022, dated August 10, 2022. 
 10.29 Form of Notice of Award of Restricted Share Units and 2022 Director Restricted Share Unit Agreement (equity in lieu of cash retainer), between Jackson Financial Inc. and each of Lily Fu Claffee, Martin J. Lippert, and Esta E. Stecher, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022, dated August 10, 2022. 
 
 211 

Part IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

 10.30 Form of Notice of Award of Performance Units and the 2021 Performance Unit Award Agreement, between Jackson Financial Inc. and Scott E. Romine, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to Jackson Financial Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, dated March 7, 2022. 
 10.31 Form of Notice of Award of Restricted Share Units and the 2021 Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement, between Jackson Financial Inc. and Scott E. Romine, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.26 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, dated March 7, 2022. 
 10.32 Form of Notice of Award of Restricted Share Units and the 2021 Celebration Award Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement, between Jackson Financial Inc. and Scott E. Romine, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.27 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, dated March 7, 2022. 
 10.33 Form of Equity Award Exchange Notice and the 2019 PRUDENTIAL PLC LONG TERM INCENTIVE PLAN AWARD CERTIFICATE (converted to performance share units, and 75 percent share and 25 percent cash settled), for Scott E. Romine, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, dated May 11, 2022. 
 10.34 Form of Equity Award Exchange Notice and the 2020 PRUDENTIAL PLC LONG TERM INCENTIVE PLAN AWARD CERTIFICATE (converted to performance share units, and 75 percent share settled and 25 percent cash settled), for Scott E. Romine, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, dated May 11, 2022. 
 10.35 Form of Notice of Award of Restricted Share Units and the 2022 Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement (including Notice that Restricted Share Units are share settled), between Jackson Financial Inc. and each of P. Chad Myers, Laura L. Prieskorn, Scott E. Romine, Craig D. Smith and Marcia L. Wadsten, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, dated May 11, 2022. 
 10.36 Form of Notice of Award of Performance Units and the 2022 Performance Unit Award Agreement (including Notice that Performance Units are share settled), between Jackson Financial Inc. and each of P. Chad Myers, Laura L. Prieskorn, Scott E. Romine, Craig D. Smith and Marcia L. Wadsten, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, dated May 11, 2022. 
 10.37 Form of Notice of Award of Performance Units and the 2022 Amended and Restated Performance Unit Award Agreement (including Notice that Performance Units are share settled), between Jackson Financial Inc. and each of P. Chad Myers, Laura L. Prieskorn, Scott E. Romine, Craig D. Smith and Marcia L. Wadsten, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, dated May 11, 2022. 
 10.38 Jackson Financial Inc. Severance Plan, dated as of November 7, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022, dated November 10, 2022. 
 10.39 Form of Notice of Award of Performance Units and the 2021 Performance Unit Award Agreement (including Notice that Performance Units are share settled), between Jackson Financial Inc. and each of P. Chad Myers, Laura L. Prieskorn, Craig D. Smith, and Marcia L. Wadsten, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, dated March 7, 2022. 
 10.40 Form of Notice of Award of Restricted Share Units and the 2021 Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement, between Jackson Financial Inc. and each of P. Chad Myers, Laura L. Prieskorn, Craig D. Smith, and Marcia L. Wadsten, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, dated March 7, 2022. 
 
 212 

Part IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

 10.41 Form of Notice of Award of Restricted Share Units and the 2021 Celebration Award Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement, between Jackson Financial Inc. and each of P. Chad Myers, Laura L. Prieskorn, Craig D. Smith, and Marcia L. Wadsten, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, dated March 7, 2022. 
 10.42 Form of Notice of Award of Restricted Share Units and the 2021 Founder s Award Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement, between Jackson Financial Inc. and each of Laura L. Prieskorn and Marcia L. Wadsten, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, dated March 7, 2022. 
 10.43 Form of the 2021 Director Restricted Share Unit Agreement and notice of grant (annual equity in lieu of cash retainer), between Jackson Financial Inc. and each of Lily Fu Claffee, Martin J. Lippert and Esta E. Stecher, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, dated March 7, 2022. 
 10.44 Form of the 2021 Director Restricted Share Unit Agreement and Notice of grant (annual equity retainer), between Jackson Financial Inc. and each of Lily Fu Claffee, Gregory T. Durant, Steven A. Kandarian, Derek G. Kirkland, Drew E. Lawton, Martin J. Lippert, Russell G. Noles, and Esta E. Stecher, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, dated March 7, 2022. 
 10.45 Form of the 2021 Director Restricted Shares Award Agreement and Notice of grant (annual equity retainer October 1, 2021-May 31, 2022), between Jackson Financial Inc. and each of Derek G. Kirkland and Russell G. Noles, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, dated March 7, 2022. 
 10.46 Form of the 2021 Converted Cash Retainer Director Restricted Shares Award Agreement and Notice of grant (annual equity in lieu of cash retainer October 1, 2021-May 31, 2022), between Jackson Financial Inc. and each of Russell G. Noles and Derek G. Kirkland, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, dated March 7, 2022. 
 10.47 Form of the 2021 Director Restricted Shares Award Agreement Founders ' Award, between Jackson Financial Inc. and each of Derek G. Kirkland and Russell G. Noles, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, dated March 7, 2022. 
 10.48 Form of the 2021 Director Restricted Share Unit Agreement Founders ' Award, between Jackson Financial Inc. and each of Lily Fu Claffee, Gregory T. Durant, Drew E. Lawton, Martin J. Lippert, and Esta E. Stecher, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, dated March 7, 2022. 
 10.49 Form of Equity Award Exchange Notice and the PRUDENTIAL PLC Restricted Stock Plan 2015 U.S. Award Certificate (converted to restricted share units, and 75 percent share settled and 25 percent cash settled), between Jackson Financial Inc. and each of P. Chad Myers, Laura L. Prieskorn, and Marcia L. Wadsten, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, dated March 7, 2022. 
 10.50 Form of Equity Award Exchange Notice and the 2019 PRUDENTIAL PLC LONG TERM INCENTIVE PLAN AWARD CERTIFICATE (converted to performance share units, and 75 percent share settled and 25 percent cash settled), between Jackson Financial Inc. and each of P. Chad Myers, Laura L. Prieskorn, and Craig D. Smith, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, dated March 7, 2022. 
 
 213 

Part IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

 10.51 Equity Award Exchange Notice and the 2019 PRUDENTIAL PLC LONG TERM INCENTIVE PLAN AWARD CERTIFICATE (converted to performance share units, and 75 percent share settled and 25 percent cash settled), dated as of November 16, 2021, between Jackson Financial Inc. and Marcia Wadsten, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, dated March 7, 2022. 
 10.52 Form of Equity Award Exchange Notice and the 2020 PRUDENTIAL PLC LONG TERM INCENTIVE PLAN AWARD CERTIFICATE (converted to performance share units, and 75 percent share settled and 25 percent cash settled), between Jackson Financial Inc. and P. Chad Myers, Laura L. Prieskorn, and Craig D. Smith, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, dated March 7, 2022. 
 10.53 Equity Award Exchange Notice and the 2020 PRUDENTIAL PLC LONG TERM INCENTIVE PLAN AWARD CERTIFICATE (converted to performance share units, and 75 percent share settled and 25 percent cash settled), dated as of November 16, 2021, between Jackson Financial Inc. and Marcia Wadsten, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.39 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, dated March 7, 2022. 
 10.54 2021 Director Restricted Share Unit Agreement - Founders ' Award, dated as of December 24, 2021, between Jackson Financial Inc. and Steven A Kandarian, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 of Jackson Financial Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, dated March 7, 2022. 
 21.1 
 List of subsidiaries of Jackson Financial Inc. 
 
 23.1 Consent of KPMG LLP, dated March 1, 2023. 
 
 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 Identifies each management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 
 214 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 JACKSON FINANCIAL INC. (Registrant) Date: March 1, 2023 
 By: /s/ Laura L. Prieskorn Laura L. Prieskorn President and Chi ef Executive Officer 

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Laura L. Prieskorn and Marcia Wadsten, and each of them severally, his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, to sign in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to do any and all things and execute any and all instruments that such attorney may deem necessary or advisable under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations and requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments hereto, as fully for all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, and hereby ratifies and confirms all said attorneys-in-fact and agents, each acting alone, and his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 1st of March, 2023. 
 
 215 

Signature Title /s/ Steven A. Kandarian Chairman of the Board; Director Steven A. Kandarian /s/ Laura L. Prieskorn President and Chief Executive Officer; Director Laura L. Prieskorn /s/ Marcia Wadsten Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Marcia Wadsten /s/ Don W. Cummings Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) Don W. Cummings /s/ Gregory T. Durant Director Gregory T. Durant /s/ Lily Fu Claffee Director Lily Fu Claffee /s/ Derek G. Kirkland Director Derek G. Kirkland /s/ Drew Lawton Director Drew Lawton /s/ Martin J. Lippert Director Martin J. Lippert /s/ Russell G. Noles Director Russell G. Noles /s/ Esta E. Stecher Director Esta E. Stecher 
 216 

<EX-4.8>
 2
 exhibit48descriptionofsecu.htm
 EX-4.8

Document 

Exhibit 4.8 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 Jackson Financial Inc. s common stock, par value 0.01 per share (the Common Stock ), is registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK 
 
 The following description of our Common Stock is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our Third Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated By-Laws, effective as of December 8, 2022 (the By-Laws ), each of which are filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.8 is a part. We encourage you to read our Certificate of Incorporation, our By-Laws and the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law, as amended (the DGCL ), for additional information. 
 
 Authorized Capital Stock 
 
 Our authorized capital stock consists of 1,000,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share. As of February 11, 2023, 82,281,061 shares of our Common Stock were issued and outstanding. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 Holders of Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share. 
 
 Except as required by applicable law or the rules and regulations of any stock exchange applicable to the Company and except with respect to the election of directors, all matters to be voted on by shareholders at a meeting at which a quorum is present must be approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power of the shares of stock present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote thereon. In all director elections other than uncontested elections, the nominees for director shall be elected by a plurality of the votes cast, meaning that the number of nominee directors on the slate of candidates who receive the most votes of the shareholders present or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the annual meeting will be the elected directors. In uncontested elections, the election of directors is determined by the affirmative vote of holders of at least a majority of the total combined voting power of the outstanding shares of capital stock present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote thereon. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 Holders of our Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends out of any of our funds legally available therefor when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors in its discretion. 
 
 Liquidation 
 
 Under our Certificate of Incorporation, in the event of our dissolution, liquidation or winding-up, whether voluntary or involuntary, after payment of the debts and liabilities of the Company and all preferential amounts required to be paid to the holders of any outstanding series of our preferred stock, our remaining assets legally available for distribution to common shareholders, if any, will be distributed among the holders of the shares of Common Stock, pro rata based on the number of shares held by each such holder. 
 
 Other Rights and Preferences 
 
 The holders of our Common Stock do not have any preemptive, cumulative voting, subscription, conversion, redemption or sinking fund rights. The Common Stock is not subject to future calls or assessments by us. The rights and privileges of holders of our Common Stock are subject to any series of preferred stock that we may issue in the future. 
 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of our Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws 

Certain provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws may discourage or make more difficult a takeover attempt that a shareholder might consider to be in his or her best interest. These provisions may also adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Common Stock. These provisions are also designed, in part, to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to first negotiate with our Board of Directors, which could result in an improvement of their terms. 
 
 Authorized but Unissued Shares of Common Stock 
 
 As of February 11, 2023, 82,281,061 shares of our Common Stock were issued and outstanding. The remaining shares of authorized and unissued Common Stock will be available for future issuance without additional shareholder approval. While the additional shares are not designed to deter or prevent a change of control, under some circumstances we could use the additional shares to create voting impediments or to frustrate persons seeking to effect a takeover or otherwise gain control by, for example, issuing those shares in private placements to purchasers who might side with our Board of Directors in opposing a hostile takeover bid. 
 
 Authorized but Unissued Shares of Preferred Stock 
 
 Under our Certificate of Incorporation, our Board of Directors has the authority, without further action by our shareholders, to issue up to 100,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to fix the voting powers, designations, preferences and the relative participating, optional or other special rights and qualifications, limitations and restrictions of each series, including dividend rights, dividend rates, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, liquidation preferences and the number of shares constituting any series. The existence of authorized but unissued preferred stock could reduce our attractiveness as a target for an unsolicited takeover bid since we could, for example, issue shares of preferred stock to parties who might oppose such a takeover bid or shares that contain terms the potential acquiror may find unattractive. This may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control, may discourage bids for the Common Stock at a premium over the market price of the Common Stock, and may adversely affect the market price of, and the voting and other rights of the holders of, our Common Stock. 
 
 Removal of Directors 
 
 Our By-Laws provide that directors may be removed, with or without cause, at any time upon the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the total combined voting power of the then-outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote generally for the election of directors, acting at a shareholder meeting. Any vacancy in the Board shall be filled by an affirmative vote of at least a majority of the directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. 
 
 Shareholders Advance Notice Procedure 
 
 Our By-Laws require advance notice for shareholders to make nominations of candidates for election as directors or to bring other business before an annual meeting of our shareholders. The By-Laws provide that any shareholders wishing to nominate persons for election as directors at, or bring other business before, an annual meeting must deliver to our Secretary a written notice of the shareholder s intention to do so. These provisions may have the effect of precluding the conduct of certain business at a meeting if the proper procedures are not followed. We expect that these provisions may also discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our Company. To be timely, the shareholder s notice must be delivered to our Secretary at our principal executive offices not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days before the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting provided, however, that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is advanced by more than 30 days or delayed by more than 60 days from such anniversary date of the preceding year s annual meeting, or if no annual meeting was held during the preceding year, a shareholder s notice must be delivered to our Secretary not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to such annual meeting or the close of business on the 10th day following the day on which a public announcement of the date of the meeting is first made by us. 
 
 No Shareholder Action by Written Consent 
 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation prohibits shareholders from acting by written consent. Shareholder action may be taken only at an annual meeting or special meeting of shareholders. 

Special Meetings of Shareholders 
 
 Except as otherwise required by law and subject to any rights granted to holders of preferred stock then outstanding, special meetings of shareholders for any purpose may be called only by the Chair of our Board of Directors, pursuant to a resolution of our Board adopted by at least a majority of the directors then in office, or by our corporate secretary upon written request of one or more record holders representing ownership of 25 or more of the total combined voting power of the outstanding shares of Common Stock entitled to vote on the business to be brought before the proposed special meeting. 
 
 Delaware Anti-Takeover Law 
 
 As a Delaware corporation, we are subject to Section 203 of the DGCL. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested shareholder for a 3-year period following the time that such shareholder becomes an interested shareholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. A business combination includes, among other things, a merger, asset or stock sale or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested shareholder. An interested shareholder is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns, or did own within 3 years prior to the determination of interested shareholder status, 15 or more of the corporation s voting stock. Under Section 203, a business combination between a corporation and an interested shareholder is prohibited, unless one of the following conditions is satisfied 
 
 before the shareholder became an interested shareholder, our Board approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the shareholder becoming an interested shareholder 
 upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the shareholder becoming an interested shareholder, the interested shareholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding, for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding, shares owned by persons who are directors and officers or 
 at or after the time the shareholder became interested, the business combination was approved by our Board and authorized at an annual or special meeting of the shareholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested shareholder. 
 
 This provision is expected to have an anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions not approved in advance by our Board, including discouraging attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares of Common Stock held by our shareholders. 
 
 Insurance Regulations 
 
 The insurance laws and regulations of the various states in which our insurance subsidiaries are organized may delay or impede a business combination or other strategic transaction involving us. State insurance laws prohibit an entity from acquiring control of an insurance company without the prior approval of the domestic insurance regulator. Under most states statutes, an entity is presumed to have control of an insurance company if it owns, directly or indirectly, 10 or more of the voting stock of that insurance company or its parent company. These regulatory restrictions may delay, deter or prevent a potential merger or sale of our company, even if our Board decides that it is in the best interests of shareholders for us to merge or be sold. These restrictions also may delay sales by us or acquisitions by third parties of our subsidiaries. 
 
 Exchange Listing 
 
 Our Common Stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the trading symbol, JXN . 
 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our Common Stock is Equiniti Trust Company, 1110 Centre Pointe Curve, Suite 101, Mendota Heights, MN 55210. 

</EX-4.8>

<EX-10.8>
 3
 exhibit108jacksonfinancial.htm
 EX-10.8

Document 
 Exhibit 10.8 
 Execution Version 

 Published CUSIP Number 46816XAF1 (Deal) 46816XAG9 (Facility) 

REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 dated as of 
 February 24, 2023 
 among 
 JACKSON FINANCIAL INC., as the Company 
 the SUBSIDIARY ACCOUNT PARTIES, as additional Obligors 
 the BANKS party hereto and 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 1,000,000,000 
 BOFA SECURITIES, INC., JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., and WELLS FARGO SECURITIES LLC, as Joint Lead Arrangers and Bookrunners 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Syndication Agents 

4879-5062-7662v.12 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Article I DEFINITIONS 
 SECTION 1.01. Definitions. 1 SECTION 1.02. Other Definitions and Provisions.. 25 SECTION 1.03. Accounting Terms and Determinations. 26 SECTION 1.04. Rounding 26 SECTION 1.05. References to Agreement and Laws. 26 SECTION 1.06. Times of Day. 27 SECTION 1.07. Types of Borrowings. 27 SECTION 1.08. Divisions. 27 SECTION 1.09. Interest Rates. 27 SECTION 1.10. Letter of Credit Amounts. 27 Article II THE CREDITS 
 SECTION 2.01. Letters of Credit. 28 SECTION 2.02. Issuance and Administration of Syndicated Letters of Credit. 34 SECTION 2.03. Reimbursement for LC Disbursements, Cover, Etc. 35 SECTION 2.04. Loans 38 SECTION 2.05. Notice of Borrowings Interest Elections. 39 SECTION 2.06. Funding of Loans. 40 SECTION 2.07. Evidence of Loans. 41 SECTION 2.08. Maturity of Loans. 42 SECTION 2.09. Interest Rates of Loans. 42 SECTION 2.10. Fees. 43 SECTION 2.11. Termination, Reduction or Increase of Commitments Mandatory Prepayments. 44 SECTION 2.12. Optional Prepayments. 45 SECTION 2.13. Payments Generally Pro Rata Treatment Administrative Agent s Clawback. 46 SECTION 2.14. Funding Losses. 48 SECTION 2.15. Computation of Interest and Fees. 48 SECTION 2.16. Provisions Relating to NAIC Approved Banks. 48 SECTION 2.17. Defaulting Banks. 52 SECTION 2.18. Extension of Maturity Date. 57 Article III CONDITIONS 
 SECTION 3.01. Each Credit Extension. 59 SECTION 3.02. Effectiveness. 60 
 i 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

Article IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 SECTION 4.01. Corporate Existence and Power. 62 SECTION 4.02. Corporate and Governmental Authorization Contravention. 62 SECTION 4.03. Binding Effect. 62 SECTION 4.04. Financial Information No Material Adverse Change 62 SECTION 4.05. Litigation Environmental Matters. 63 SECTION 4.06. Compliance with ERISA. 63 SECTION 4.07. Taxes. 64 SECTION 4.08. Subsidiaries. 64 SECTION 4.09. Not an Investment Company 64 SECTION 4.10. Obligations to be Pari Passu. 64 SECTION 4.11. No Default.. 64 SECTION 4.12. Material Subsidiaries and Subsidiary Account Parties. 64 SECTION 4.13. Full Disclosure. 64 SECTION 4.14. Hybrid Instruments 65 SECTION 4.15. Margin Regulations. 65 SECTION 4.16. Sanctioned Persons Anti-Corruption Laws PATRIOT Act. 65 SECTION 4.17. Affected Financial Institutions.. 66 Article V COVENANTS 
 SECTION 5.01. Information 66 SECTION 5.02. Payment of Tax Obligations. 68 SECTION 5.03. Conduct of Business and Maintenance of Existence. 69 SECTION 5.04. Maintenance of Property Insurance. 69 SECTION 5.05. Compliance with Laws 69 SECTION 5.06. Inspection of Property, Books and Records. 70 SECTION 5.07. Financial Covenants.. 70 SECTION 5.08. Negative Pledge 71 SECTION 5.09. Consolidations, Mergers and Sales of Assets. 71 SECTION 5.10. Use of Credit. 71 SECTION 5.11. Obligations to be Pari Passu 72 SECTION 5.12. Certain Debt 72 Article VI DEFAULTS 
 SECTION 6.01. Events of Default. 72 SECTION 6.02. Notice of Default. 75 Article VII THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 SECTION 7.01. Appointment and Authorization. 75 SECTION 7.02. Agent s Fee. 75 
 ii 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

SECTION 7.03. Agent and Affiliates. 75 SECTION 7.04. Action by Agent. 75 SECTION 7.05. Consultation with Experts. 75 SECTION 7.06. Liability of Agent. 76 SECTION 7.07. Indemnification. 76 SECTION 7.08. Credit Decision. 76 SECTION 7.09. Successor Agent. 77 SECTION 7.10. Delegation to Affiliates. 77 SECTION 7.11. Joint Lead Arrangers and Other Agents. 77 SECTION 7.12. Recovery of Erroneous Payments. 77 SECTION 7.13. Certain ERISA Matters. 78 Article VIII CHANGE IN CIRCUMSTANCES 
 SECTION 8.01. Inability to Determine Rates. 79 SECTION 8.02. Illegality. 81 SECTION 8.03. Increased Cost and Reduced Return. 82 SECTION 8.04. Base Rate Loans Substituted for Affected Loans Based on SOFR or Term SOFR. 84 SECTION 8.05. Taxes. 84 SECTION 8.06. Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Banks. 88 Article IX MISCELLANEOUS 
 SECTION 9.01. Notices. 89 SECTION 9.02. No Waivers. 89 SECTION 9.03. Expenses Indemnification Non-Liability of Banks. 90 SECTION 9.04. Sharing of Payments. 91 SECTION 9.05. Amendments and Waivers. 92 SECTION 9.06. Successors and Assigns. 93 SECTION 9.07. Collateral.. 94 SECTION 9.08. New York Law. 95 SECTION 9.09. Judicial Proceedings. 95 SECTION 9.10. Integration Headings Electronic Execution Electronic Records Counterparts. 96 SECTION 9.11. Confidentiality. 98 SECTION 9.12. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.. 99 SECTION 9.13. Joinder and Termination of Subsidiary Account Party. 99 SECTION 9.14. Certain Notices. 100 SECTION 9.15. No Fiduciary Duty. 100 SECTION 9.16. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. 101 SECTION 9.17. Right of Setoff. 101 
 iii 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

SECTION 9.18. Severability. 102 SECTION 9.19. Interest Rate Limitation. 102 

iv 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit A Form of Note Exhibit B Form of Syndicated Letter of Credit Exhibit C-1 Form of Letter of Credit Request Exhibit C-2 Form of Letter of Credit Application Exhibit D Form of Assignment and Assumption Exhibit E Form of Confirming Bank Agreement Exhibit F Form of Maturity Extension Request Exhibit G Form of Subsidiary Joinder Agreement Exhibit H Form of Subsidiary Termination Notice 
 SCHEDULES 
 Schedule I Commitments Schedule II Material Subsidiaries and Subsidiary Account Parties Schedule III Hybrid Instruments Schedule IV Debt Schedule V Liens 
 
 v 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

REVOLVING CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of February 24, 2023 among JACKSON FINANCIAL INC., a Delaware corporation, the SUBSIDIARY ACCOUNT PARTIES party hereto, the BANKS party hereto and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent. 
 The Company has requested that the Banks make loans to it in an aggregate principal amount not exceeding 1,000,000,000 at any one time outstanding, of which up to 500,000,000 in face amount at any one time outstanding may be in the form of letters of credit issued for the account of the Subsidiary Account Parties, and the Banks are prepared to make such loans and issue such letters of credit upon the terms and conditions hereof. Accordingly, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 ARTICLE 1 
 DEFINITIONS 
 
 SECTION 1.01. Definitions . The following terms, as used herein, have the following meanings 
 Additional Commitment Bank means (a) a Bank or (b) any other Person, in each case that agrees to provide a Commitment or (in the case of a Bank) agrees to increase the amount of its Commitment pursuant to Section 2.11(c), with the consent of the Administrative Agent and each Fronting Issuing Bank (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 
 Additional Securities means any Hybrid Instrument or preferred Capital Stock of the Company. 
 Adjusted Consolidated Net Worth means, at any date, without duplication, the sum of the total equity, determined in accordance with GAAP, of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries shown on the consolidated balance sheets in the consolidated financial statements of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries provided that, in determining such Adjusted Consolidated Net Worth, there shall be excluded (i) any Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) shown on the consolidated balance sheets in the consolidated financial statements of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries prepared in accordance with GAAP with the exception of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) arising from investments held within the Athene Reinsurance Funds Withheld Account, as disclosed in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries and (ii) all noncontrolling equity interests in subsidiaries (as determined in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 160, entitled Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Financial Statements shown on the consolidated balance sheets in the consolidated financial statements of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries. 
 Administrative Agent means Bank of America, in its capacity as agent for the Banks hereunder, and its successors in such capacity. 
 Administrative Questionnaire means, with respect to each Bank, an administrative questionnaire in the form prepared by the Administrative Agent and submitted to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to the Company) duly completed by such Bank. 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 DB1 134776217.8 
 
 DB1 134776217.9 

Affiliate of any Person means any other Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under common control with such Person. 
 Agreement means this Revolving Credit Agreement, as it may be amended or modified and in effect from time to time. 
 AIF means any collective investment undertaking, including an investment compartment thereof, which (i) raises capital from a number of investors, with a view to investing it in accordance with a defined investment policy for the benefit of those investors, and is not operationally active enterprise outside of the financial sector, and (ii) is not authorized pursuant to Article 5 of Directive 2009 65 EC of 13 July 2009 (as defined in Article 4 (1) (a) of the Directive 2011 61 EU). 
 AIFM means a management company of one or more AIFs. 
 Anti-Corruption Laws has the meaning set forth in Section 4.16. 
 Anti-Money Laundering Laws has the meaning set forth in Section 4.16. 
 Applicable Commitment Fee Rate , Applicable Letter of Credit Commission and Applicable Margin means, for any day, with respect to the Commitment Fees payable hereunder or with respect to the letter of credit fees payable under Section 2.10(b) or with respect to the interest margin on any Base Rate Loan or Term SOFR Loan, as the case may be, the applicable rate per annum set forth below under the caption Applicable Commitment Fee Rate , Applicable Letter of Credit Commission , Applicable Margin (Base Rate Loans) or Applicable Margin (Term SOFR Loans) , respectively, based upon the ratings by Moody s and S&P, respectively, applicable on such date to the Index Debt 
 Index Debt Ratings (S Moody s) Applicable Commitment Fee Rate Applicable Margin (Term SOFR Loans) Applicable Margin (Base Rate Loans) Applicable Letter of Credit Commission Category 1 A- A3 0.125 1.125 0.125 1.000 Category 2 BBB+ Baa1 0.150 1.250 0.250 1.125 Category 3 BBB Baa2 0.175 1.375 0.375 1.250 Category 4 BBB- Baa3 0.225 1.625 0.625 1.500 Category 5 BB+ Ba1 
 0.300 1.875 0.875 1.750 
 
 For purposes of the foregoing, (a) if the ratings established or deemed to have been established by Moody s and S&P for the Index Debt shall fall within different Categories that are one Category apart, the Applicable Commitment Fee Rate, the Applicable Letter of Credit Commission and the Applicable Margin shall be determined by reference to the Category of the higher of the two ratings (b) if the ratings established or deemed to have been established by Moody s and S&P for the Index Debt shall fall within different Categories that are more than one Category apart, the Applicable Commitment Fee Rate, the Applicable Letter of Credit 
 2 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

Commission and the Applicable Margin shall be determined by reference to the Category next below that of the higher of the two ratings (c) if only one of Moody s and S&P shall have in effect a rating for the Index Debt, the Applicable Commitment Fee Rate, the Applicable Letter of Credit Commission and the Applicable Margin shall be determined by reference to the Category next below that of such rating (d) if neither Moody s nor S&P shall have in effect a rating for the Index Debt (other than by reason of the circumstances referred to in the second to last sentence of this definition), then the applicable rating shall be determined by reference to Category 5 provided that, if neither Moody s nor S&P shall have in effect a rating for the Index Debt, the applicable rating shall be determined by reference to the corporate family rating of the Company and its Subsidiaries assigned by Moody s and or S&P, if available and (e) if the ratings established or deemed to have been established by Moody s and S&P for the Index Debt (or, if applicable at such time, the corporate family rating) shall be changed (other than as a result of a change in the rating system of Moody s or S&P), such change shall be effective as of the date on which it is first announced by the applicable rating agency, irrespective of when notice of such change shall have been furnished by the Company to the Administrative Agent and the Banks pursuant to Section 5.01 or otherwise. Each change in the Applicable Commitment Fee Rate, the Applicable Letter of Credit Commission and the Applicable Margin shall apply during the period commencing on the effective date of such change and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change. If the rating system of Moody s or S&P shall change, or if either such rating agency shall cease to be in the business of rating corporate debt obligations, the Company and the Banks shall negotiate in good faith to amend this definition to reflect such changed rating system or the unavailability of ratings from such rating agency and, pending the effectiveness of any such amendment, the Applicable Commitment Fee Rate, the Applicable Letter of Credit Commission and the Applicable Margin shall be determined by reference to the rating of Moody s and or S&P, as the case may be, most recently in effect prior to such change or cessation. References herein to Applicable Margin shall refer to the Applicable Margin for the relevant Type of Loan, as applicable. Initially, the Applicable Commitment Fee Rate, Applicable Letter of Credit Commission and Applicable Margin shall be set at Category 3. 
 Applicable Lending Office means, as to each Bank, its office, branch or Affiliate located at its address set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire or such other office, branch or Affiliate of such Bank as it may hereafter designate as its Applicable Lending Office for purposes hereof by notice to the Company and the Administrative Agent. 
 Applicable Percentage means, with respect to any Bank at any time, the percentage of the total Commitments at any time represented by such Bank s Commitment provided that in the case of Section 2.17 when a Defaulting Bank shall exist, Applicable Percentage shall mean the percentage of the total Commitments (disregarding any Defaulting Bank s Commitment) represented by such Bank s Commitment. If the Commitments have terminated or expired, the Applicable Percentages shall be determined based upon the Commitments most recently in effect, giving effect to any assignments and to any Bank s status as a Defaulting Bank at the time of determination. 
 Assignee has the meaning set forth in Section 9.06(c). 
 Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Bank and an Assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 9.06), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in the form of Exhibit D or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 ASU means the Accounting Standards Update No. 2018-12 regarding the accounting for long-duration insurance contracts issued by FASB on August 15, 2018 and effective January 1, 2023. 
 3 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 Bank means each Person listed under the caption BANKS on the signature pages hereof, and each other Person that shall become a party hereto as a Bank pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption or other instrument executed hereunder (other than any such Person that ceases to be a Bank by means of assignment pursuant to this Agreement), together with its successors provided that any Bank may elect to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement or other Credit Document (including issuing Letters of Credit) by acting through one or more of its Affiliates or branches, so long as any such Affiliate or branch that issues Letters of Credit hereunder is an NAIC Approved Bank and complies with the related requirements applicable to Banks issuing Letters of Credit hereunder provided , further , that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Company and or the relevant Subsidiary Account Party to repay such obligation (including in respect of Letters of Credit) in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. For purposes of clarification, the term Bank shall include each Fronting Issuing Bank. 
 Bank of America means Bank of America, N.A. and its successors. 
 Bankruptcy Event means, with respect to any Person, such Person becomes the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business appointed for it, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment, provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a governmental body, agency or official or instrumentality thereof as long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Person (or such governmental body, agency or official or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person. 
 Base Rate means for any day a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus one-half of one percent (0.50 ), (b) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by Bank of America as its prime rate, (c) Term SOFR (determined in accordance with clause (b) of the definition thereof) in effect for such day (or if such day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the immediately preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day) plus one percent (1.00 and (d) one percent (1.00 ). The prime rate is a rate set by Bank of America based upon various factors including Bank of America s costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate. Any change in such prime rate announced by Bank of America shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change. If 
 4 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

the Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 8.01 hereof, then the Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a), (b) and (d) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. 
 Base Rate Loan means a Loan to be made by a Bank pursuant to Section 2.04 as a Base Rate Loan in accordance with the applicable Notice of Borrowing or Article VIII. 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership or control as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 Benefit Arrangement means at any time an employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA which is not a Plan or a Multiemployer Plan and which is maintained or otherwise contributed to by any member of the ERISA Group. 
 Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. 
 BofA Securities means BofA Securities, Inc., or any of its designated affiliates. 
 Borrowing has the meaning set forth in Section 1.07. 
 Capital Stock means any and all shares, interests, participations or other equivalents (however designated) of capital stock of a corporation, any and all equivalent ownership interests in a Person (other than a corporation), including partnership interests and membership interests, and any and all warrants, rights or options to purchase or other arrangements or rights to acquire any of the foregoing. 
 Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the following (a) the adoption or taking effect of any Law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any Law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of Law) by any Governmental Authority. 
 Change of Control means any event or series of events by which, any person or group of persons (within the meaning of Section 13 or 14 of the Exchange Act) shall have acquired beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act) of 40 or more of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding common Capital Stock of the Company. 
 CME means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited. 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 Collateral Account has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(e). 
 5 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

Commitment means, with respect to any Bank, the commitment of such Bank (a) to issue Syndicated Letters of Credit under Section 2.01(a) and to acquire participations in Fronted Letters of Credit and or (b) to make Loans hereunder, in each case expressed as an amount representing the maximum aggregate amount of such Bank s Credit Exposure hereunder, as such commitment may be reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to this Agreement (including pursuant to assignments by or to such Bank pursuant to Section 9.06). The initial amount of each Bank s Commitment is set forth on Schedule I hereto or in the Assignment and Assumption or other instrument executed and delivered hereunder pursuant to which such Bank shall have assumed its Commitment, as applicable. The aggregate amount of the Banks Commitments is 1,000,000,000 as of the Effective Date. The Commitments of the Banks are several and not joint and no Bank shall be responsible for any other Bank s failure (a) to issue Syndicated Letters of Credit under Section 2.01(a) and to acquire participations in Fronted Letters of Credit and or (b) to make Loans hereunder. 
 Commitment Availability Period means the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the date of termination of the Commitments. 
 Commitment Fee has the meaning set forth in Section 2.10(a). 
 Commitment Increase has the meaning set forth in Section 2.11(c). 
 Communication means this Agreement, any other Credit Document and any document, any amendment, approval, consent, information, notice, certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to any Credit Document. 
 Company means Jackson Financial Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its successors. 
 Confirming Bank means, with respect to any Bank, any other Bank that has agreed, by delivery of a confirming bank agreement in substantially the form of Exhibit E (a Confirming Bank Agreement ), that such other Bank will itself honor the obligations of such Bank in respect of a draft complying with the terms of a Letter of Credit as if, and to the extent, such other Bank were the Issuing Bank named in such Letter of Credit provided , that no Bank shall be obligated to so act as a Confirming Bank. 
 Confirming Bank Agreement has the meaning set forth in the definition of Confirming Bank . 
 Conforming Changes means, with respect to the use, administration of or any conventions associated with SOFR or any proposed Successor Rate or Term SOFR, as applicable, any conforming changes to the definitions of Base Rate, SOFR, Term SOFR and Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other technical, administrative or operational matters (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the definitions of Domestic Business Day and U.S. Governmental Securities Business Day, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices and length of lookback periods) as may be appropriate, as determined in the reasonable discretion of the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Company, to reflect the adoption and implementation of such applicable rate(s), and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent reasonably determines, in consultation with the Company, that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or that no market practice for the administration of such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent determines, in consultation with the Company, is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and any other Credit Document). 
 6 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

Consenting Bank has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.18(a). 
 Consolidated Subsidiary means, at any date, any Subsidiary the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the Company in its consolidated financial statements if such statements were prepared as of such date provided that, for purposes of Sections 4.04(a) and (b) and 5.01, the term Consolidated Subsidiary shall include each of the Investment Entities to the extent the accounts of such entity are required to be (and are) consolidated with those of the Company in its consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP. 
 Consolidated Total Capitalization means, at any date, for the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, the sum of, without duplication, (i) Consolidated Total Indebtedness plus (ii) Adjusted Consolidated Net Worth plus (iii) the aggregate amount of obligations in respect of Hybrid Instruments, if any. 
 Consolidated Total Indebtedness means, at any date, for the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, the sum of, without duplication, (i) the aggregate amount of all Non-Operating Indebtedness (excluding any such obligations in respect of Hybrid Instruments), plus (ii) the aggregate amount of all Disqualified Capital Stock. 
 Credit Documents means (a) this Agreement, (b) the Notes, (c) with respect to any Letter of Credit, collectively, any application therefor and any other agreements, instruments, guarantees or other documents (whether general in application or applicable only to such Letter of Credit) governing or providing for (i) the rights and obligations of the parties concerned or at risk with respect to such Letter of Credit or (ii) any collateral security for any of such obligations, each as the same may be modified and supplemented and in effect from time to time and (d) the Fee Letters. 
 Credit Exposure means, with respect to any Bank at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate principal amount of such Bank s Loans and (b) the aggregate amount of such Bank s LC Exposure, in each case, outstanding at such time. 
 Credit Party means the Administrative Agent, each Fronting Issuing Bank or any Bank. 
 Daily Simple SOFR with respect to any applicable determination date, means the SOFR published on such date on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York s website (or any successor source). 
 Debt of any Person means, at any date, without duplication, (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services, except trade accounts payable arising in the ordinary course of business, (d) all obligations of such Person as lessee under capital leases, (e) all non-contingent obligations of such Person to reimburse any bank or other Person in respect of amounts paid under a letter of credit, banker s acceptance or similar instrument, (f) all Debt of others secured by a Lien on any asset of such Person, whether or not such Debt is assumed by such Person, (g) all Debt of others Guaranteed by such Person, and (h) all obligations of such Person in respect of Disqualified Capital Stock (and, for the avoidance of doubt, Debt shall include Hybrid Instruments) provided that the definition of Debt does not include any obligations of such Person (i) under repurchase or reverse repurchase agreements to repurchase or resell (as applicable) securities (or other property) which arise out of or in connection with the sale of the same or substantially similar securities (or other property), (ii) to return collateral pledged in respect of or in connection with the loan of such securities, (iii) under reinsurance, coinsurance, modified coinsurance agreements or similar agreements and related trust agreements (including, without limitation, trust obligations or obligations to otherwise pledge collateral thereunder) and 
 7 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

(iv) arising under insurance products created or entered into in the ordinary course of business. It is acknowledged and agreed, for the avoidance of doubt, that annuities, guaranteed investment contracts, funding agreements and similar instruments and agreements shall not constitute Debt . 
 Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect. 
 Declining Bank has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.18(a). 
 Default means any condition or event which constitutes an Event of Default or which with the giving of notice or lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default. 
 Defaulting Bank means any Bank that (a) has failed, within two Domestic Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Loans, (ii) fund any portion of its obligations in respect of Letters of Credit (including its participations in Fronted Letters of Credit) or (iii) pay over to any Credit Party any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Bank notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that such failure is the result of such Bank s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied, (b) has notified the Company or any Credit Party in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such Bank s good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) to funding a loan under this Agreement will not be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three Domestic Business Days after request by the Administrative Agent, the Company or any Fronting Issuing Bank, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Bank that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially able to meet such obligations) to fund prospective Loans and obligations in respect of then outstanding Letters of Credit (including its participations in then outstanding Fronted Letters of Credit) under this Agreement provided , that such Bank shall cease to be a Defaulting Bank pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt by the Administrative Agent, the Company or such Fronting Issuing Bank of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, the Company and (if applicable) such Fronting Issuing Bank, (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, become the subject of (A) a Bankruptcy Event or (B) a Bail-In Action, or (e) ceases to be a NAIC Approved Bank and has failed to comply with its obligations under Section 2.16(b). 
 Derivative Financial Products of any Person means all obligations (including whether pursuant to any master agreement or any particular agreement or transaction) of such Person in respect of any rate swap transaction, basis swap, forward rate transaction, interest rate future, commodity swap, commodity option, equity or equity index swap, equity or equity index option, bond option, interest rate option, foreign exchange transaction, cap transaction, floor transaction, collar transaction, currency swap transaction, cross-currency rate swap transaction, currency future, currency option or any other similar transaction (including any option with respect to any of the foregoing) or any combination thereof. 
 Disqualified Capital Stock means any Capital Stock that, by its terms (or by the terms of any security or other Capital Stock into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event or condition (a) matures or is mandatorily 
 8 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

redeemable (other than solely for Qualified Capital Stock), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise (except as a result of a change of control or asset sale so long as any rights of the holders thereof upon the occurrence of a change of control or asset sale event shall be subject to the prior repayment in full of the Loans and all other Obligations that are accrued and payable and the termination of the Commitments and the termination or expiration of all outstanding Letters of Credit (unless the Outstanding Amount of the L C Obligations related thereto has been cash collateralized, backstopped by a letter of credit reasonably satisfactory to the applicable L C Issuer or deemed reissued under another agreement reasonably acceptable to the applicable L C Issuer)), or (b) is redeemable at the sole option of the holder thereof, on or prior to 180 days after the first anniversary of the Maturity Date (other than solely for Qualified Capital Stock and other than as a result of a change of control or asset sale so long as any rights of the holders thereof upon the occurrence of a change of control or asset sale event shall be subject to the prior repayment in full of the Loans and all other Obligations that are accrued and payable and the termination of the Commitments and the expiration or termination of all outstanding Letters of Credit (unless the Outstanding Amount of the L C Obligations related thereto has been cash collateralized, backstopped by a letter of credit reasonably satisfactory to the applicable L C Issuer or deemed reissued under another agreement reasonably acceptable to the applicable L C Issuer)), in whole or in part provided , that if such Capital Stock is issued pursuant to a plan for the benefit of future, present or former employees, directors, officers, managers or consultants (or their respective Affiliates or Immediate Family Members) of the Company or the Subsidiaries or by any such plan to such employees, such Capital Stock shall not constitute Disqualified Capital Stock solely because it may be required to be repurchased by the Company or its Subsidiaries in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations. 
 Dollars and the sign means lawful money in the United States of America. 
 Domestic Business Day means any day except a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York City are authorized by law to close. 
 Early Termination has the meaning set forth in the definition of Material Unpaid Derivative Product Indebtedness . 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any institution established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Effective Date means the date this Agreement becomes effective in accordance with Section 3.02. 
 Electronic Copy has the meaning set forth in Section 9.10(b). 
 Electronic Record shall have the meaning assigned to it by 15 U.S.C. 7006, as it may be amended from time to time. 
 9 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

Electronic Signature shall have the meaning assigned to it by 15 U.S.C. 7006, as it may be amended from time to time. 
 Environmental Laws means any and all federal, state, local and foreign statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees, permits, concessions, grants, franchises, licenses, agreements or other governmental restrictions relating to the environment or to emissions, discharges or releases of pollutants, contaminants, petroleum or petroleum products, chemicals or industrial, toxic or hazardous substances or wastes into the environment including, without limitation, ambient air, surface water, ground water or land, or otherwise relating to the manufacture, processing, distribution, use, treatment, storage, disposal, transport or handling of pollutants, contaminants, petroleum or petroleum products, chemicals or industrial, toxic or hazardous substances or wastes or the clean-up or other remediation thereof. 
 Equity Issuance means, with respect to any Person, (a) any issuance or sale by such Person of (i) any Capital Stock, (ii) any warrants or options exercisable in respect of Capital Stock (other than any warrants or options issued to directors, officers or employees of such Person in their capacity as such and any Capital Stock issued upon the exercise thereof) or (iii) any other security or instrument representing Capital Stock (or the right to obtain any Capital Stock) in such Person or (b) the receipt by such Person of any contribution to its capital (whether or not evidenced by any equity security) by any other Person provided that Equity Issuance shall not include, with respect to any Subsidiary of the Company, any such issuance or sale by such Subsidiary to the Company or another Subsidiary or any capital contribution by the Company or another Subsidiary to such Subsidiary. 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, or any successor statute. 
 ERISA Group means the Company and all members of a controlled group of corporations and all trades or businesses (whether or not incorporated) under common control which, together with the Company, are treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or 414(c) of the Code. 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. 
 Event of Default has the meaning set forth in Section 6.01. 
 Evergreen Letter of Credit has the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(b). 
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 Existing Credit Agreement means that certain Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of February 22, 2021 by and among the Company, the Subsidiary Account Parties party thereto, the banks party thereto from time to time and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the Effective Date. 
 Existing Maturity Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.18(a). 
 Extension Effective Date has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.18(a). 
 Federal Funds Rate means, for any day, the rate per annum calculated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York based on such day s federal funds transactions by depository institutions (as determined in such manner as the Federal Reserve Bank of New York shall set forth on its public website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Domestic 
 10 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York as the federal funds effective rate provided , that if the Federal Funds Rate as so determined would be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Fee Letters means, collectively, those certain letter agreements, dated January 27, 2023, between the Company and one or more of the Joint Lead Arrangers and or their Affiliates, in each case, as amended and in effect from time to time. 
 Financial Officer means the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer, or other senior financial officer of the Company, in each case, to the extent duly authorized to deliver certifications hereunder. 
 Fronted LC Cash Collateral has the meaning set forth in Section 2.16(b)(i). 
 Fronted LC Collateral Account has the meaning set forth in Section 2.16(b)(i). 
 Fronted LC Commitment means, with respect to any Fronting Issuing Bank, the maximum aggregate undrawn face amount of Fronted Letters of Credit which such Fronting Issuing Bank shall have agreed to issue hereunder (as set forth in the written instrument referred to in the definition of Fronting Issuing Bank by which the applicable Bank agrees to be a Fronting Issuing Bank hereunder), as such maximum amount may be changed from time to time in accordance with Section 2.01(a). 
 Fronted LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Fronted Letters of Credit at such time plus (b) the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements under Fronted Letters of Credit that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the relevant Obligor at such time. The Fronted LC Exposure of any Bank shall at any time be its Applicable Percentage of the total Fronted LC Exposure at such time. 
 Fronted Letter of Credit means a letter of credit issued by a Fronting Issuing Bank as the sole issuing bank. 
 Fronting Issuing Bank means each Bank (which, if appointed on a date after the Effective Date, shall be listed on the NAIC-Approved Bank List on the date of such appointment), if any, that has agreed, in its sole discretion, to be a Fronting Issuing Bank and to issue Fronted Letters of Credit hereunder, on or after the Effective Date by a written instrument executed by such Bank and the Company and delivered to the Administrative Agent hereunder (which instrument shall be in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent), whereupon such Bank shall become a Fronting Issuing Bank hereunder, provided that no Bank shall be obligated to so act as a Fronting Issuing Bank. 
 GBSA means the provisions as stipulated in Sec. 3 para (2) of the German Banking Code (Kreditwesengesetz) as introduced by the German Act on the Ring-fencing of Risks and for the Recovery and Resolution Planning for Credit Institutions and Financial Groups (Gesetz zur Abschirmung von Risiken und zur Planung der Sanierung und Abwicklungvon Kreditinstituten und Finanzgruppen) of 7 August 2013 (commonly referred to as the German Bank Separation Act (Trennbankengesetz), as amended). 
 GBSA Bank has the meaning set forth in Section 5.10(b). 
 Governmental Authority means any nation or government, any state or other political subdivision thereof, any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, administrative tribunal, central bank, self-regulatory organization or other entity exercising executive, 
 11 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government. 
 Guarantee by any Person means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person directly or indirectly guaranteeing any Debt of any other Person and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any obligation, direct or indirect, contingent or otherwise, of such Person (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Debt (whether arising by virtue of partnership arrangements, by agreement to keep-well, to purchase assets, goods, securities or services, to take-or-pay, or to maintain financial statement conditions or otherwise) or (ii) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee of such Debt of the payment thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part) provided , that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business. The term Guarantee used as a verb has a corresponding meaning. 
 Hybrid Instrument Amount means, with respect to any Hybrid Instruments, the principal amount (which principal amount may be a portion of the aggregate principal amount) of such Hybrid Instrument that is accorded equity credit treatment by S&P and or Moody s at the time of issuance thereof provided that, (i) in the case such Hybrid Instruments are given equity credit by both S&P and Moody s, the higher of the two amounts shall apply, (ii) the equity credit treatment given by S&P and Moody s to any Hybrid Instrument at the time of issuance shall be deemed to apply to such Hybrid Instrument to the extent such Hybrid Instrument remains outstanding, irrespective of any change in the equity credit treatment given by either such rating agency to such Hybrid Instrument at any time after the date of issuance (it being agreed, for avoidance of doubt, that any change in the amount or percentage of the equity credit given to such Hybrid Instrument that is contemplated in the equity credit treatment given to such Hybrid Instrument as of the date of issuance (including, without limitation, any such change resulting from the life to maturity of such Hybrid Instrument or the amount of all such Hybrid Instruments as a percentage of total adjusted capital (as determined by S&P or Moody s)) shall continue to be given effect after the date of issuance in determining the Hybrid Instrument Amount), unless such change results from an amendment or modification to such Hybrid Instrument, and (iii) the Hybrid Instrument Amount shall not, at any time, exceed 15 of Consolidated Total Capitalization. 
 Hybrid Instruments means Securities that are given at least some equity credit by S&P or Moody s (and as to which, in the case of any Hybrid Instrument issued after the Effective Date, the Company shall have provided evidence of such equity credit to the Administrative Agent), provided that the term Hybrid Instruments shall exclude any Securities to the extent recorded in the shareholder s equity section of the consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries most recently filed with the SEC. As used herein Securities means any stock, share, partnership interest, membership interest in a limited liability company, voting trust certificate, certificate of interest or participation in any profit-sharing agreement or arrangement, option, warrant, bond, debenture, note, or other evidence of indebtedness, secured or unsecured, convertible, subordinated or otherwise, or in general any instruments commonly known as securities or any certificates of interest, shares or participations in temporary or interim certificates for the purchase or acquisition of, or any right to subscribe to, purchase or acquire, any of the foregoing. 
 Index Debt means senior, unsecured, long-term indebtedness for borrowed money of the Company that is not guaranteed by any other Person or subject to any other credit enhancement. 
 Insurance Subsidiary means any Subsidiary which is subject to the regulation of, and is required to file statements with, any governmental body, agency or official in any State or 
 12 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

territory of the United States or the District of Columbia which regulates insurance companies or the doing of an insurance business therein. 
 Interest Election Request means a request by the Company to convert or continue a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.05(b). 
 Interest Period means as to each Term SOFR Loan, the period commencing on the date such Term SOFR Loan is disbursed or converted to or continued as a Term SOFR Loan and ending on the date one, three or six months thereafter, as selected by the Company in the applicable Notice of Borrowing or Interest Election Request (in the case of each requested Interest Period, subject to availability) provided , that 
 (a) any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Domestic Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Domestic Business Day, unless, in the case of a Term SOFR Loan, such Domestic Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Domestic Business Day 
 (b) any Interest Period pertaining to a Term SOFR Loans that begins on the last Domestic Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Domestic Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period and 
 (c) no Interest Period shall extend beyond the Maturity Date. 
 For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and thereafter shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing. 
 Investment Entities means entities where, as party to a joint venture, partnership, securitization transaction or other similar investment transactions, the Company or one of its Subsidiaries does not have complete control solely as a result of having a veto or consent right over certain material actions or decisions, including, without limitation, the incurrence of any indebtedness or obligations incurred by such entities. 
 ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or such successor thereto. 
 Joint Lead Arrangers means BofA Securities, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (it being understood and agreed that JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. may perform its responsibilities as a Joint Lead Arranger through its affiliate J.P. Morgan Securities LLC) and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC. 
 L C Issuer means Bank of America, in its capacity as issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder. The L C Issuer may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by Affiliates of the L C Issuer, in which case the term L C Issuer shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate. 
 Laws means, collectively, all international, foreign, federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial 
 13 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

precedents, orders, decrees, injunctions or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority. 
 LC Disbursement means a payment made by a Bank pursuant to a Letter of Credit. 
 LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the Syndicated LC Exposure at such time plus (b) the Fronted LC Exposure at such time. The LC Exposure of any Bank shall at any time be the sum of (a) its Syndicated LC Exposure at such time plus (b) its Fronted LC Exposure at such time. 
 LC Reimbursement Loan means a Loan the proceeds of which are used solely to finance the reimbursement of LC Disbursements as contemplated by Section 2.03(a). 
 LC Sublimit means 500,000,000. 
 Lender-Related Person has the meaning set forth in Section 9.03(c). 
 Letter of Credit means each letter of credit issued under Section 2.01 and shall include each Syndicated Letter of Credit and Fronted Letter of Credit. 
 Liabilities means any losses, claims (including intraparty claims), demands, damages, penalties or liabilities of any kind. 
 Lien means, with respect to any asset, any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest or encumbrance of any kind in respect of such asset. For the purposes of this Agreement, the Company or any Subsidiary shall be deemed to own subject to a Lien any asset which it has acquired or beneficially holds subject to the interest of a vendor or lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or other title retention agreement relating to such asset. 
 Loan means a Base Rate Loan or a Term SOFR Loan and Loans means Base Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans or any combination of the foregoing. 
 Margin Stock has the meaning given to it in Regulations T, U and X. 
 Material Adverse Effect means a material adverse effect on (a) the financial condition of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a whole or (b) the validity or enforceability of any of the Credit Documents or the material rights and remedies of the Banks under the Credit Documents. 
 Material Subsidiary means (a) any Subsidiary that has total assets (including, without limitation, Capital Stock of its Subsidiaries) in excess of 10 of the total assets of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries (based upon and as of the date of the filing of the most recent consolidated balance sheet of the Company delivered pursuant to Sections 4.04 or 5.01) and (b) any Subsidiary of the Company whose Subsidiaries include one or more Material Subsidiaries. In the event that the aggregate total assets of the Material Subsidiaries represents less than 80 of the consolidated total assets of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries (as reported on the Company s most recent consolidated balance sheet furnished pursuant to Sections 4.04 or 5.01), the Company shall promptly designate by written notice to the Administrative Agent an additional Subsidiary or Subsidiaries as Material Subsidiaries in order that, after such designation, the aggregate total assets of the Material Subsidiaries represent at least 80 of the 
 14 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

consolidated total assets of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries (as reported on the Company s most recent consolidated balance sheet furnished pursuant to Sections 4.04 or 5.01). 
 Material Unpaid Derivative Product Indebtedness means, at any time, any obligations of the Company or any of its Material Subsidiaries then due and payable by the Company or any of its Material Subsidiaries in respect of one or more swap contracts (giving effect to any legally enforceable netting agreements) as a result of such swap contracts being terminated, accelerated or closed-out by the counter-party prior to the scheduled termination of such swap contracts (an Early Termination ), where such Early Termination was the result of an event of default or other similar breach of such swap contracts attributable to the Company or any of its Material Subsidiaries. 
 Maturity Date means February 24, 2028 (or, if such day is not a Domestic Business Day, the immediately preceding Domestic Business Day), as such date may be extended pursuant to Section 2.18. 
 Maturity Date Extension Request means a request by the Company, in the form of Exhibit F hereto or such other form as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent, for the extension of the Maturity Date pursuant to Section 2.18. 
 Maximum Rate has the meaning set forth in Section 9.19. 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. 
 Multiemployer Plan means, at such time that is otherwise applicable under the specific provisions of this Agreement, an employee pension benefit plan within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which any member of the ERISA Group is then making or accruing an obligation to make contributions or has within the preceding five plan years made contributions, including for these purposes any Person which ceased to be a member of the ERISA Group during such five-year period. 
 NAIC means the National Association of Insurance Commissioners and any successor thereto. 
 NAIC Approved Bank means (a) any Bank that is a bank listed on the most current List of Qualified U.S. Financial Institutions approved by the NAIC (the NAIC Approved Bank List (or any branch or related entity of such bank that qualifies as a Qualified U.S. Financial Institution in accordance with the Purposes and Procedures Manual of the NAIC Investment Analysis Office or (b) any Bank as to which its Confirming Bank is a bank listed on the NAIC Approved Bank List (or any branch or related entity of such Bank that qualifies as a Qualified U.S. Financial Institution in accordance with the Purposes and Procedures Manual of the NAIC Investment Analysis Office ). 
 NAIC Approved Bank List has the meaning set forth in the definition of NAIC Approved Bank . 
 NAIC-Compliant Provisions has the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(a). 
 Non-Consenting Bank means any Bank that does not approve any consent, waiver or amendment that (a) requires the approval of each Bank, each affected Bank or each directly and adversely affected Bank in accordance with the terms of Section 9.05 and (b) has been approved by the Required Banks. 
 Non-Defaulting Banks means any Bank that is not a Defaulting Bank. 
 15 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

Non-NAIC Approved Bank means, at any time, any Bank that is not a NAIC Approved Bank. 
 Non-Operating Indebtedness of any Person means, at any date, all Debt (other than Operating Indebtedness) of such Person. 
 Non-Pro Rata Issuance Election means an election by the Company to have a Syndicated Letter of Credit issued, extended or amended on an adjusted pro rata basis, as more fully described in clause (d) of Section 2.16. 
 Notes means a promissory note or notes of the Company, substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto, evidencing the obligation of the Company to repay the Loans made to it hereunder, and Note means any one of such promissory notes issued hereunder. 
 Notice of Borrowing has the meaning set forth in Section 2.05(a). 
 NY UCC has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(e). 
 Obligations means all advances to, and debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties of, any Obligor arising under any Credit Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan or Letter of Credit, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assumption), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against any Obligor or any Affiliate thereof of any proceeding under any bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding. 
 Obligor means each of the Company and each Subsidiary Account Party. 
 Operating Indebtedness of any Person means, at any date, without duplication, any Debt of such Person (a) in respect of or supporting (including any Guarantee of Debt in respect thereof) life and annuity reserve requirements, (b) incurred in connection with repurchase agreements and securities lending, (c) to the extent the proceeds of which are used directly or indirectly (including for the purpose of funding portfolios that are used to fund trusts in order) to support life and annuity reserve requirements, (d) to the extent the proceeds of which are used to fund discrete customer-related assets or pools of assets (and related hedge instruments and capital) that are at least notionally segregated from other assets and have sufficient cash flow to pay principal and interest thereof, with insignificant risk of other assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries being called upon to make such principal and interest payments, (e) excluded entirely from financial leverage by both S&P and Moody s in their evaluation of such person, (f) consisting of loans and other obligations owing to Federal Home Loan Banks or (g) incurred by a separated account maintained by an Insurance Subsidiary for which there is no recourse to the Company or any other Subsidiary. 
 Ownership Interests has the meaning set forth in Section 5.08. 
 Parent means, with respect to any Bank, any Person as to which such Bank is, directly or indirectly, a subsidiary. 
 Participant has the meaning set forth in Section 9.06(b). 
 Participant Register has the meaning set forth in Section 9.06(b). 
 PATRIOT Act has the meaning set forth in Section 4.16. 
 16 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

Payment Account means an account designated by the Administrative Agent in a notice to the Company and the Banks to which payments hereunder are to be made. 
 PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any entity succeeding to any or all of its functions under ERISA. 
 Permitted Liens means 
 (a) Liens existing on the Effective Date and listed on Schedule V and any modifications, replacements, renewals, refinancings or extensions thereof provided , that (i) the Lien does not extend to any additional property other than (a) after-acquired property that is affixed or incorporated into the property covered by such Lien and (b) proceeds and products thereof, accessions thereto and improvements thereon and (ii) the replacement, refunding, renewal, extension or refinancing of the obligations secured or benefited by such Liens, to the extent constituting Debt, is not prohibited under this Agreement. 
 (b) Liens for Taxes that are not overdue for a period of more than thirty (30) days or not yet payable or subject to penalties for nonpayment or which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the Company in accordance with GAAP 
 (c) statutory or common law Liens of landlords, sublandlords, carriers, warehousemen, mechanics, materialmen, repairmen, construction contractors or other like Liens that secure amounts not overdue for a period of more than sixty (60) days or if more than sixty (60) days overdue, that are unfiled and no other action has been taken to enforce such Lien or that are being contested in good faith and by appropriate actions diligently conducted, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person to the extent required in accordance with GAAP (as determined by the Company in good faith) 
 (d) (i) pledges or deposits in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security legislation and (ii) pledges and deposits in the ordinary course of business securing liability for reimbursement or indemnification obligations of (including obligations in respect of letters of credit or bank guarantees for the benefit of) insurance carriers providing property, casualty or liability insurance or self-insurance to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries 
 (e) Liens incurred or pledges or deposits made to secure the performance of bids, tenders, sales contracts, trade contracts and leases (other than Debt for borrowed money), statutory and other obligations required by law, surety, stay, customs and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature (including (i) those to secure health, safety and environmental obligations and (ii) letters of credit and bank guarantees required or requested by any Governmental Authority in connection with any contract or Law) incurred in the ordinary course of business 
 (f) Liens securing judgments or orders for the payment of money that do not constitute an Event of Default under Section 6.01(j) 
 (g) easements, zoning restrictions, rights-of-way, encroachments, protrusions and similar encumbrances and other minor title defects affecting real property that do not in the aggregate materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of business of the Company or the Material Subsidiaries taken as a whole 
 17 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

(h) Liens solely on any cash earnest money deposits made by the Company or any Material Subsidiary in connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement not prohibited hereunder 
 (i) Liens encumbering reasonable customary initial deposits and margin deposits and similar Liens attaching to commodity trading accounts or other brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes 
 (j) Liens (i) arising by operation of law under Article 4 of the NY UCC in connection with the collection of items provided for therein and (ii) in favor of a banking or other financial institutions arising as a matter of law or under customary general terms and conditions encumbering deposits or other funds maintained with a financial institution (including rights of set-off) and which are within the general parameters customary in the banking industry or arising pursuant to such financial institution s general terms and conditions 
 (k) any assignment of an account or chattel paper (i) as part of the sale of the business out of which such account or chattel paper arose, (ii) for the purpose of collection only, (iii) under a contract to an assignee who is also obligated to perform under such contract or (iv) in whole or partial satisfaction of pre-existing Debt 
 (l) leases, licenses, subleases or sublicenses granted to others which do not interfere in any material respect with the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole 
 (m) Liens (i) on cash advances or cash equivalents in favor of (x) the seller of any property to be acquired and to be applied against the purchase price for such investment or (y) the buyer of any property to be disposed of, or to secure obligations in respect of indemnification, termination fee or similar seller obligations and (ii) consisting of an agreement to dispose of any property, in each case, solely to the extent such investment or disposition, as the case may be, would have been permitted on the date of the creation of such Lien 
 (n) Liens consisting of any (i) interest or title of a lessor, sublessor, licensor or sublicensor under leases, subleases, licenses or sublicenses entered into by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business, or with respect to intellectual property that is not material to the conduct of the business or consistent with past practice of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (ii) landlord lien arising under the terms of any lease, (iii) restriction or encumbrance to which the interest or title of such lessor or sub-lessor may be subject, (iv) subordination of the interest of the lessee or sub-lessee under such lease to any restriction or encumbrance referred to in the preceding clause (iii) and (v) condemnation or eminent domain proceeding or compulsory purchase order affecting real property 
 (o) Liens deemed to exist in connection with investments in repurchase agreements 
 (p) Liens that are contractual rights of set-off or rights of pledge (i) relating to the establishment of depository relations with banks not given in connection with the issuance of Debt or (ii) relating to pooled deposit or sweep accounts of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to permit satisfaction of overdraft or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries 
 (q) ground leases in respect of real property on which facilities owned or leased by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries are located 
 18 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

(r) (i) zoning, building, entitlement and other land use regulations by Governmental Authorities with which the normal operation of the business complies, and (ii) any zoning or similar law or right reserved to or vested in any Governmental Authority to control or regulate the use of any real property that does not materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole 
 (s) Liens arising from precautionary Uniform Commercial Code financing statement or similar filings 
 (t) Liens on insurance policies and the proceeds thereof securing the financing of the premiums with respect thereto 
 (u) deposits of cash with the owner or lessor of premises leased and operated by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business of the Company and such Subsidiary or consistent with past practice to secure the performance of the Company s or such Subsidiary s obligations under the terms of the lease for such premises 
 (v) security given to a public utility or any municipality or governmental authority when required by such utility or authority in connection with the operations of that Person in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice 
 (w) Liens on any funds or securities held in escrow accounts established for the purpose of holding proceeds from issuances of debt securities by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries issued after the Effective Date, together with any additional funds required in order to fund any mandatory redemption or sinking fund payment on such debt securities within 360 days of their issuance provided that such Liens do not extend to any assets other than such proceeds and such additional funds 
 (x) any encumbrance or restriction (including put and call arrangements) with respect to Capital Stock of any joint venture or similar arrangement pursuant to any joint venture or similar agreement 
 (y) Liens on property or assets under construction (and related rights) in favor of a contractor or developer arising in the ordinary course of business which are not overdue for a period of more than 60 days or which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted, if reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person in accordance with GAAP 
 (z) Liens pursuant to any Credit Document otherwise securing Secured Obligations and 
 (aa) Liens on assets of any Subsidiary acquired after the Effective Date, or existing on any asset acquired by the Company or any Subsidiary at the time such asset is acquired (whether or not the Debt secured thereby is assumed) provided that such Liens existed prior to such Person becoming a Subsidiary of the Company or asset acquired, were not created in anticipation thereof and do not extend to any assets other than those of such Subsidiary or acquired assets and proceeds and products thereof, accessions thereto and improvements thereon, and, if required by the terms of the instrument originally creating such Lien, other property which is an improvement to or is acquired for specific use in connection with such acquired property. 
 Permitted Refinancing means, with respect to any Debt, any modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal, replacement or extension of such Debt provided , that the principal amount (or accreted value, if applicable) thereof does not exceed the principal amount (or accreted value, 
 19 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

if applicable) of the Debt so modified, refinanced, refunded, renewed, replaced or extended except by an amount equal to unpaid accrued interest and premium thereon plus other reasonable amounts paid, and fees and expenses reasonably incurred, in connection with such modification, refinancing, refunding, renewal, replacement or extension and by an amount equal to any existing commitments unutilized thereunder. 
 Person means an individual, a corporation, a partnership, an association, a trust or any other entity or organization, including a government or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof. 
 Plan means, at such time that is otherwise applicable under the specific provisions of this Agreement, an employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) covered by Title IV of ERISA or subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Code and either (i) is maintained, or contributed to, by any member of the ERISA Group for employees of any member of the ERISA Group or (ii) has at any time within the preceding five years been maintained, or contributed to, by any Person which was at such time a member of the ERISA Group for employees of any Person which was at such time a member of the ERISA Group. 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 Qualified Capital Stock means Capital Stock that is not Disqualified Capital Stock. 
 Quarterly Dates means the last day of March, June, September and December in each year, the first of which shall be the first such day after the Effective Date. 
 Register has the meaning set forth in Section 2.07(b). 
 Regulation S-X means Regulation S-X promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time, and as interpreted by the SEC. 
 Regulations T, U and X means Regulations T, U and X, respectively, of the Board, in each case as in effect from time to time. 
 Related Party or Related Parties means, with respect to any specified Person, such Person s Affiliates and the respective directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and such Person s Affiliates. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. 
 Rescindable Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 2.13(f). 
 Required Banks means at any time Banks having Loans and Commitments representing more than 50 of the aggregate amount of the Loans and Commitments at such time provided that, if the Commitments have expired or been terminated, Required Banks means Banks having more than 50 of the aggregate amount of the Credit Exposures of the Banks at such time provided , further , that the portion of any Loans and Commitments held by any Defaulting Bank shall be excluded for the purposes of making a determination of Required Banks. 
 20 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 Sanctions has the meaning set forth in Section 4.16. 
 Sanctions Laws has the meaning set forth in Section 4.16. 
 SAP means, with respect to any Insurance Subsidiary, the statutory accounting practices prescribed or permitted by the insurance commissioner (or other similar authority) from time to time in the jurisdiction of incorporation of such Insurance Subsidiary for the preparation of annual statements and other financial reports by insurance companies of the same type as such Insurance Subsidiary. 
 Scheduled Unavailability Date has the meaning specified in Section 8.01(b)(ii). 
 SEC means Securities and Exchange Commission or any governmental body, agency or official succeeding to its principal functions. 
 Secured Obligations has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(e). 
 SOFR means the Secured Overnight Financing Rate as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator). 
 SOFR Adjustment means a percentage equal to 0.100 (10 basis points) per annum. 
 S&P means Standard and Poor s Ratings Services. 
 Statutory Statement means a statement of the condition and affairs of an Insurance Subsidiary, prepared in accordance with accounting procedures and practices prescribed or permitted by an applicable insurance regulatory authority or the NAIC, as modified in accordance with permitted practices approved by an applicable insurance regulatory authority, and filed with an applicable insurance regulatory authority or the NAIC. 
 Subsidiary means any corporation or other entity of which securities or other ownership interests having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors or other persons performing similar functions are at the time directly or indirectly owned by the Company, but excluding the Investment Entities. 
 Successor Rate has the meaning specified in Section 8.01(b). 
 Subsidiary Account Party means each direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Company listed on the signature pages hereto under the heading SUBSIDIARY ACCOUNT PARTIES (if any), and each other direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Company that becomes a Subsidiary Account Party in accordance with the terms of Section 9.13, in each case, until such time as such Subsidiary ceases to be a Subsidiary Account Party in accordance with the terms of Section 9.13. 
 Subsidiary Joinder Agreement means a joinder to this Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit G . 
 Syndicated LC Cash Collateral has the meaning set forth in Section 2.16(b)(ii). 
 Syndicated LC Collateral Account has the meaning set forth in Section 2.16(b)(ii). 
 21 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

Syndicated LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Syndicated Letters of Credit at such time plus (b) the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements under Syndicated Letters of Credit that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the relevant Obligor at such time. The Syndicated LC Exposure of any Bank shall at any time be its Applicable Percentage of the total Syndicated LC Exposure at such time. 
 Syndicated Letter of Credit means a single multi-bank letter of credit issued by all of the Banks (acting through the Administrative Agent in accordance with the provisions hereof) in which each Bank (or less than all Banks, if the Company has made a Non-Pro Rata Issuance Election with respect to such Syndicated Letters of Credit), as an issuing bank thereunder, has a several (but not joint) obligation in respect of a specified portion of the amount of such letter of credit. 
 Taxes means any and all present or future taxes, duties, levies, imposts, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholdings), assessments, fees or other charges of any nature, imposed by a governmental authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 Term SOFR means 
 (a) for any Interest Period with respect to a Term SOFR Loan, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period with a term equivalent to such Interest Period provided , that if the rate is not published prior to 11 00 a.m. on such determination date then Term SOFR means the Term SOFR Screen Rate on the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately prior thereto, in each case, plus the SOFR Adjustment for such Interest Period and 
 (b) for any interest calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any date, the rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR Screen Rate with a term of one month commencing that day 
 provided that if Term SOFR determined in accordance with either of the foregoing provisions (a) or (b) of this definition would otherwise be less than zero, Term SOFR shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Term SOFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on clause (a) of the definition of Term SOFR. 
 Term SOFR Replacement Date has the meaning specified in Section 8.01(b)(ii). 
 Term SOFR Screen Rate means the forward-looking SOFR term rate administered by CME (or any successor administrator satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) and published on the applicable Reuters screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time). 
 Type , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the Loan is a Base Rate Loan or a Term SOFR Loan. 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any Domestic Business Day, except any Domestic Business Day on which any of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, the New York Stock Exchange or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York is not open for business because such day is a legal holiday under the federal laws of the United States or the laws of the State of New York, as applicable. 
 22 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

UK Financial Institutions means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 SECTION 1.02. Other Definitions and Provisions . With reference to this Agreement and each other Credit Document, unless otherwise specified herein or in such other Credit Document (a) the definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined, (b) whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms, (c) the words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation , (d) the word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall , (e) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns, (f) the words herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (g) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement, (h) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights, (i) the term documents includes any and all instruments, documents, agreements, certificates, notices, reports, financial statements and other writings, however evidenced, whether in physical or electronic form and (j) in the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including the words to and until each mean to but excluding and the word through means to and including . 
 SECTION 1.03. Accounting Terms and Determinations . (a) All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP (or, to the extent such terms apply solely to any Insurance Subsidiary, or if otherwise expressly required, SAP), as in effect from time to time, applied in a consistent manner, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein. 
 (b). If at any time any change in GAAP or SAP would affect the computation of any requirement set forth in any Credit Document, and either the Company or the Required Banks shall so request, the Administrative Agent, the Banks and the Company shall negotiate in good faith to amend such requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP or SAP (subject to the approval of the Required Banks) provided that, until so 
 23 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

amended, (i) such requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP or SAP, as applicable, as in effect prior to such change therein and (ii) the Company shall provide to the Administrative Agent and the Banks financial statements and other documents required under this Agreement or as reasonably requested hereunder setting forth a reconciliation between calculations of such requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP or SAP, as applicable. 
 SECTION 1.04. Rounding . Any financial ratios required to be maintained pursuant to this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio or percentage is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number). 
 SECTION 1.05. References to Agreement and Laws . Unless otherwise expressly provided herein, (a) any definition or reference to formation documents, governing documents, agreements (including the Credit Documents) and other contractual documents or instruments shall be deemed to include all subsequent amendments, restatements, extensions, supplements and other modifications thereto, but only to the extent that such amendments, restatements, extensions, supplements and other modifications are not prohibited by any Credit Document and (b) any definition or reference to any applicable Laws, including, without limitation, Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws, the Code, ERISA, the Exchange Act, the PATRIOT Act, the Securities Act, shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing, supplementing or interpreting such applicable Laws and any reference to any applicable Laws shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such applicable Law as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time. 
 SECTION 1.06. Times of Day . Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Eastern time (daylight or standard, as applicable). Unless otherwise specified, to the extent any obligation is required to be paid or performed hereunder on a date that is not a Domestic Business Day, the date for payment or performance shall be construed to be required on the immediately succeeding Domestic Business Day. 
 SECTION 1.07. Types of Borrowings . The term Borrowing denotes the aggregation of Loans to be made to the Company pursuant to Section 2.04, or converted or continued pursuant to Section 2.05(b), on a single date and for a single Interest Period. Borrowings are classified for purposes of this Agreement by reference to the pricing of Loans comprising such Borrowing e.g. , a Term SOFR Borrowing is a Borrowing comprised of Term SOFR Loans). 
 SECTION 1.08. Divisions . For all purposes under the Credit Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws) (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Capital Stock at such time. 
 SECTION 1.09. Interest Rates . The Administrative Agent does not warrant, nor accept responsibility, nor shall the Administrative Agent have any liability with respect to the administration, submission or any other matter related to any reference rate referred to herein or with respect to any rate (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the selection of such rate and any related spread or other adjustment) that is an alternative or replacement for or successor to any such rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing) or the effect of any of the foregoing, or of any Conforming Changes. The 
 24 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions or other activities that affect any reference rate referred to herein, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing) or any related spread or other adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Company. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any reference rate referred to herein or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including, without limitation, any Successor Rate) (or any component of any of the foregoing), in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Company, any Bank or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or other action or omission related to or affecting the selection, determination, or calculation of any rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 
 SECTION 1.10. Letter of Credit Amounts . Unless otherwise specified herein, the amount of a Letter of Credit at any time shall be deemed to be the stated amount of such Letter of Credit in effect at such time provided , however , that with respect to any Letter of Credit that, by its terms, provides for one or more automatic increases in the stated amount thereof, the amount of such Letter of Credit shall be deemed to be the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum stated amount is in effect at such time. 
 ARTICLE II 
 THE CREDITS 
 
 SECTION 2.01. Letters of Credit . (a) General . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, at the request of any Obligor at any time and from time to time during the Commitment Availability Period, (i) each Bank agrees to issue Syndicated Letters of Credit and (ii) each Fronting Issuing Bank agrees to issue Fronted Letters of Credit, in each case denominated in Dollars for the account of such Obligor, that will not result in (w) the aggregate outstanding amount of the Credit Exposures of the Banks exceeding the aggregate amount of the Commitments of the Banks, (x) the aggregate outstanding amount of the Credit Exposure of such Bank exceeding the aggregate amount of the Commitment of such Bank, (y) the aggregate outstanding amount of the LC Exposures of the Banks exceeding the LC Sublimit, and (z) with respect to Fronted Letters of Credit, the aggregate undrawn face amount of Fronted Letters of Credit issued by such Fronting Issuing Bank plus the aggregate amount of unreimbursed LC Disbursements in respect of Fronted Letters of Credit issued by such Fronting Issuing Bank exceeding its Fronted LC Commitment. For the avoidance of doubt, the relevant Obligor may elect whether a Letter of Credit issued pursuant to this Section 2.01 shall be a Syndicated Letter of Credit or, if any Bank has agreed in its sole discretion to become a Fronting Issuing Bank, a Fronted Letter of Credit. 
 Each Syndicated Letter of Credit shall be a standby letter of credit in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit B , with such changes therein as may be requested by the relevant Obligor, so long as (i) the Administrative Agent determines such changes are acceptable and not adverse to the Banks or (ii) the Required Banks approve such changes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, if the relevant Obligor requests that a Letter of Credit include additional provisions (or revisions to the form attached hereto as Exhibit B in order to satisfy the requirements for letters of credit under credit-for-reinsurance provisions in the jurisdiction of organization of the beneficiary of such Letter of Credit with respect to reinsurance reserve credit requirements by providing written notice to the 
 25 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

Administrative Agent at least five Domestic Business Days prior to issuance of such Letter of Credit (or such shorter time as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent) specifying the requested additional provisions and a summary of the reasons therefor, such Letter of Credit shall include such requested or revised provisions (such provisions, NAIC-Compliant Provisions unless the issuance of such Letter of Credit with any such NAIC-Compliant Provisions would, in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent or any Bank having Commitments under such Letter of Credit, materially increase the potential liability of the Administrative Agent or such Bank, and the Company or the relevant Subsidiary Account Party has not otherwise agreed to compensate the Administrative Agent or such Bank for any such increased liability in a manner reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent or such Bank. None of the Administrative Agent or any Bank shall be obligated to verify that any requested NAIC-Compliant Provisions satisfy such requirements for reserve credit. 
 Without the prior consent of each Bank, no Syndicated Letter of Credit may be issued that would vary the several and not joint nature of the obligations of the Banks thereunder, and each Syndicated Letter of Credit shall be issued by all of the Banks having Commitments at the time of issuance (or less than all Banks, if the Company has made a Non-Pro Rata Issuance Election with respect to such Syndicated Letters of Credit or the LC Exposure in respect of such Syndicated Letter of Credit has been reallocated pursuant to Section 2.17(d)(ii)) as a single multi-bank letter of credit, but the obligation of each Bank thereunder shall be several and not joint, based upon its Applicable Percentage (or other applicable share if the Company has made a Non-Pro Rata Issuance Election with respect to such Syndicated Letters of Credit) of the aggregate undrawn amount of such Letter of Credit. 
 Each Fronted Letter of Credit shall be a standby letter of credit in such form as is agreed upon among the relevant Obligor and the applicable Fronting Issuing Bank at the time such Fronting Issuing Bank is appointed hereunder, which such form shall be reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. Each Fronted Letter of Credit shall be issued by, and be the sole obligation as issuing bank of, the applicable Fronting Issuing Bank (without impairing each Bank s participation obligations with respect thereto). No Bank shall have any obligation hereunder to become a Fronting Issuing Bank hereunder and any election to do so shall be in the sole discretion of each Bank. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any addition or removal of a Fronting Issuing Bank hereunder or change in its Fronted LC Commitment may be effected only with the agreement of such Fronting Issuing Bank and the Company (and with the consent of Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld)) provided , that no such change shall increase the Commitment of any Bank). 
 Notwithstanding the prior paragraph, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, if an Obligor provides a written request to the Administrative Agent and the Fronting Issuing Bank at least five Domestic Business Days prior to the issuance of any Fronted Letter of Credit (or such shorter period as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent and the Fronting Issuing Bank) that a Fronted Letter of Credit include NAIC-Compliant Provisions, specifying such NAIC-Compliant Provisions and providing a summary of the reasons therefor, then such Fronted Letter of Credit shall include such requested provisions, unless the issuance of such Fronted Letter of Credit with any such NAIC-Compliant Provisions would, in the reasonable judgment of the Administrative Agent or the applicable Fronting Issuing Bank, materially increase the potential liability of the Administrative Agent or such Fronting Issuing Bank and the Company or the relevant Subsidiary Account Party has not otherwise agreed to compensate the Administrative Agent or such Fronting Issuing Bank for any such increased liability in a manner reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent or such Fronting Issuing Bank. None of the applicable Fronting Issuing Bank, the Administrative Agent or the Banks shall be obligated to verify that any requested NAIC-Compliant Provisions satisfy such requirements for reserve credit. 
 26 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

(b) Notice of Issuance, Amendment, Renewal or Extension . To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or the amendment, renewal or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit), the relevant Obligor shall hand deliver (or transmit by electronic communication, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the Administrative Agent) to the Administrative Agent and (in the case of a Fronted Letter of Credit) the applicable Fronting Issuing Bank, not later than noon (New York City time) two Domestic Business Days (or such shorter time as the Administrative Agent or the applicable Fronting Issuing Bank may agree in a particular instance in their sole discretion) prior to the requested date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension, a notice, substantially in the form of Exhibit C-1 hereto (or such other form as may be agreed between such Obligor and the Administrative Agent and (in the case of a Fronted Letter of Credit) the applicable Fronting Issuing Bank), requesting the issuance of a Syndicated Letter of Credit or Fronted Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended, renewed or extended, and specifying the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension, as the case may be (which shall be a Domestic Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall comply with Section 2.01(d)), the amount of such Letter of Credit, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof and the terms and conditions of (and such other information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend, renew or extend, as the case may be) such Letter of Credit (which shall comply with Section 2.01(a)). 
 If requested by the Administrative Agent or (in the case of any Fronted Letter of Credit) the applicable Fronting Issuing Bank through the Administrative Agent, the relevant Obligor also shall submit a letter of credit application on standard form of the Person that is serving as Administrative Agent or such Fronting Issuing Bank, as applicable, in connection with any request for a Letter of Credit. The standard form letter of credit application of the Administrative Agent is attached hereto as Exhibit C-2 . In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any form of letter of credit application or other agreement submitted by the relevant Obligor to, or entered into by such Obligor with, the Person that is serving as Administrative Agent or such Fronting Issuing Bank, as applicable, relating to any Letter of Credit, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. 
 Unless otherwise specified by the relevant Obligor, each Letter of Credit shall provide for the automatic extension of the expiry date thereof unless the Administrative Agent or, in the case of any Fronted Letter of Credit, the applicable Fronting Issuing Bank shall give notice to the beneficiary thereof on or before the date that is 60 days prior to the stated expiration date (or such shorter or longer period of time as may be agreed with the Company by the Administrative Agent or the applicable Fronting Issuing Bank, as applicable) that such expiry date shall not be extended (each such Letter of Credit, an Evergreen Letter of Credit and such notice, a Non-Extension Notice (it being understood and agreed that, notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the extension of an Evergreen Letter of Credit upon an automatic extension shall not require any notice or request to be delivered under Section 2.01(b) or under such Letter of Credit) provided , that the Administrative Agent or such Fronting Issuing Bank, as applicable, will give a Non-Extension Notice under such Evergreen Letter of Credit in accordance with its terms if requested to do so by notice given to the Administrative Agent or such Fronting Issuing Bank (through the Administrative Agent) by (i) at any time a Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Required Banks, (ii) at any time on or after the date that the Commitments are terminated, any Bank or (iii) the relevant Obligor provided , further , that each Letter of Credit shall by its terms expire no later than one year after the Maturity Date with a properly executed Non-Extension Notice. 
 (c) Limitations on Amounts and Daily Transactions . Each Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended, renewed or extended if and only if (and upon such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of each Letter of Credit the Company shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or 
 27 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

extension, (x) the aggregate outstanding amount of the Credit Exposures of the Banks shall not exceed the aggregate amount of the Commitments of the Banks and (y) the aggregate outstanding amount of the LC Exposures of the Banks shall not exceed the LC Sublimit. 
 (d) Expiry Date . Each Letter of Credit shall expire at or prior to the close of business on the earlier of (i) the date one year after the date of the issuance of such Letter of Credit provided , that each Letter of Credit shall contain evergreen provisions for the extension thereof to a date not later than one year after the then current expiry date thereof) or (ii) the first anniversary of the Maturity Date with a properly executed Non-Extension Notice. The Company shall cause any Letter of Credit outstanding on or after the date that is five Domestic Business Days prior to the Maturity Date to be cash collateralized in an amount equal to at least 102 of the face amount of each such Letter of Credit in accordance with Section 2.03(e) on or prior to such date and for so long as such Letter of Credit is outstanding. 
 (e) Obligation of Banks . With respect to any Syndicated Letter of Credit, the obligation of any Bank under such Syndicated Letter of Credit shall be several and not joint and shall at any time be in an amount equal to such Bank s Applicable Percentage (or other applicable share if the Company has made a Non-Pro Rata Issuance Election with respect to such Syndicated Letters of Credit) of the aggregate undrawn amount of such Letter of Credit, and each Syndicated Letter of Credit shall expressly so provide. 
 By the issuance of a Fronted Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Fronted Letter of Credit increasing the amount thereof) by any Fronting Issuing Bank, and without any further action on the part of any Fronting Issuing Bank or the Banks, the applicable Fronting Issuing Bank hereby grants to each Bank, and each Bank hereby acquires from such Fronting Issuing Bank, a participation in such Fronted Letter of Credit equal to such Bank s Applicable Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Fronted Letter of Credit. Each Bank acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations in respect of Fronted Letters of Credit is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment, renewal or extension of any Fronted Letter of Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments provided , that no Bank shall be required to acquire a participation in a Fronted Letter of Credit to the extent that such participation would result in the aggregate outstanding amount of the Credit Exposure of such Bank exceeding the aggregate amount of the Commitment of such Bank. In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Bank hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for account of the applicable Fronting Issuing Bank, such Bank s Applicable Percentage of each LC Disbursement made by such Fronting Issuing Bank in respect of any Fronted Letter of Credit, promptly upon the request of such Fronting Issuing Bank at any time from the time such LC Disbursement is made until such LC Disbursement is reimbursed by the relevant Obligor or (pursuant to the guarantee obligations under Section 2.01(h)) the Company or at any time after any reimbursement payment is required to be refunded to the Company or such Obligor for any reason. Such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from the relevant Obligor or (pursuant to the guarantee obligations under Section 2.01(h)) the Company pursuant to Section 2.03(a) in respect of any Fronted Letter of Credit, the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to the applicable Fronting Issuing Bank or, to the extent that the Banks have made payments pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse such Fronting Issuing Bank, then to the Banks and such Fronting Issuing Bank as their interests may appear. Any payment made by a Bank pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse the applicable Fronting Issuing Bank for any LC Disbursement shall not relieve the Subsidiary Account Party of its obligation to reimburse such LC Disbursement. 
 28 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

(f) Adjustment of Applicable Percentages . Upon (i) each addition of a new Bank hereunder and (ii) each change in the Commitment of a Bank pursuant to this Agreement then (A) in the case of each outstanding Syndicated Letter of Credit, with the consent of the beneficiary thereunder to the extent required by the terms thereof or under applicable law (including, if applicable, the Uniform Customs and Practices for Documentary Credits governing such Syndicated Letter of Credit), the Administrative Agent shall promptly amend such Syndicated Letter of Credit to specify the Banks that are parties thereto, after giving effect to such event, and such Banks respective Applicable Percentages (or other applicable share if the Company has made a Non-Pro Rata Issuance Election with respect to such Syndicated Letters of Credit) as of the effective date of such amendment and (B) in the case of each outstanding Fronted Letter of Credit, the participation interest of each Bank therein shall automatically be adjusted to reflect, and each Bank shall have a participation in such Fronted Letter of Credit equal to, such Bank s Applicable Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Fronted Letter of Credit after giving effect to such event. However, it is acknowledged by the Administrative Agent and the Banks that amendments of outstanding Syndicated Letters of Credit may not be immediately effected. Accordingly, whether or not Syndicated Letters of Credit are amended as contemplated hereby, the Banks agree that they shall purchase and sell participations or otherwise make or effect such payments among themselves (but through the Administrative Agent) so that payments by the Banks of drawings under Syndicated Letters of Credit and payments by the Company or a Subsidiary Account Party of LC Disbursements and interest thereon are, except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, in each case shared by the Banks in accordance with the respective Applicable Percentages (or other applicable shares if the Company has made a Non-Pro Rata Issuance Election with respect to such Syndicated Letters of Credit) of the Banks from time to time in effect. 
 (g) Conditions to Issuance . None of the Fronting Issuing Bank, the Administrative Agent nor any Bank shall have any obligation to issue Letters of Credit, so long as 
 (i) Any order, judgment or decree of any governmental authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain the Fronting Issuing Bank, the Administrative Agent or any Bank from issuing such Letter of Credit 
 (ii) Any law applicable to such Fronting Issuing Bank, the Administrative Agent or any Bank or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any governmental authority with jurisdiction over such Fronting Issuing Bank, the Administrative Agent or such Bank shall prohibit, or request that such Fronting Issuing Bank, the Administrative Agent or such Bank refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon such Fronting Issuing Bank, the Administrative Agent or such Bank with respect to any such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which such Fronting Issuing Bank, the Administrative Agent or such Bank is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Effective Date, or shall impose upon such Fronting Issuing Bank, the Administrative Agent or such Bank any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Effective Date and which such Fronting Issuing Bank, the Administrative Agent or such Bank in good faith deems material to it 
 (iii) Except as otherwise agreed by such Fronting Issuing Bank or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, such Letter of Credit is in an initial amount less than 1,000,000 
 (iv) Such Letter of Credit is to be denominated in a currency other than US Dollars 
 29 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

(v) Such Letter of Credit contains any provisions for automatic reinstatement of the stated amount after any drawing thereunder or 
 (vi) If such Letter of Credit is a Fronted Letter of Credit, and any Bank is a Defaulting Bank, after giving effect to the reallocation of such Defaulting Bank s participation among the non-defaulting Banks as set forth in Section 2.17 to the extent of their respective Commitments, unless the relevant Obligor has delivered cash collateral or the Fronting Issuing Bank has entered into other arrangements with such Obligor or such Defaulting Bank satisfactory to the Fronting Issuing Bank to eliminate the applicable Fronting Issuing Bank s risk with respect to such Defaulting Bank. 
 (h) Letters of Credit Issued for Subsidiaries . The Company, as guarantor pursuant to the provisions of this Section 2.01(h), shall be obligated to pay each LC Disbursement and accrued interest thereon and all other payment obligations with respect to each Letter of Credit that is issued or outstanding hereunder for the account of any Subsidiary Account Party, including amounts payable as cash collateral pursuant to Sections 2.01(d), 2.03(f), 2.17 or 6.01. The Company hereby acknowledges that the issuance of Letters of Credit for the account of any of the Subsidiary Account Parties inures to the benefit of the Company, and that the Company s business derives substantial benefits from the businesses of such Subsidiary Account Parties. The Company hereby unconditionally guarantees the full and punctual payment of all reimbursement obligations in respect of LC Disbursements and all interest thereon payable by each Subsidiary Account Party pursuant to this Agreement and the full and punctual payment of all other amounts payable by each Subsidiary Account Party under this Agreement, including any fee pursuant to Section 2.10. Upon failure by any Subsidiary Account Party to pay when due any such amount, the Company shall forthwith pay the amount not so paid at the place and in the manner specified in this Agreement. The agreement of the Company under this clause (h) is a continuing guarantee and shall apply to all obligations of the Subsidiary Account Parties under this Agreement whenever arising, and is a guarantee of payment and is not merely a guarantee of collection. The obligations of the Company hereunder shall be unconditional, absolute and continuing and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, shall not be released, discharged or otherwise affected by (i) any extension, renewal, settlement, compromise, waiver or release in respect of any obligation of any Subsidiary Account Party by operation of law or otherwise (ii) any modification or amendment of or supplement to this Agreement (iii) any change in the corporate existence, structure or ownership of any Subsidiary Account Party, or any insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization, rehabilitation or other similar proceeding affecting any Subsidiary Account Party or its assets (iv) the existence of any claim, set-off or other rights which the Company may have at any time against any Subsidiary Account Party, the Administrative Agent, any Bank or any other Person, whether in connection herewith or any unrelated transactions, provided that nothing herein shall prevent the assertion of any such claim by separate suit or compulsory counterclaim (v) any invalidity or unenforceability relating to or against any Subsidiary Account Party for any reason of any Credit Document or Letter of Credit, or any provision of applicable law or regulation purporting to prohibit the payment by any Subsidiary Account Party of any reimbursement obligation, interest or any other amount payable by it under any Credit Documents or in respect of any Letter of Credit issued hereunder and (vi) any other act or omission to act or delay of any kind by any Subsidiary Account Party, the Administrative Agent, any Bank or any other Person or any other circumstance whatsoever which might, but for the provisions of this paragraph, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of or defense to the Company s obligations hereunder. The Company s obligations hereunder shall remain in full force and effect until the Commitments shall have terminated and all reimbursement obligations, interest and all other amounts payable by the Company and each Subsidiary Account Party under this Agreement shall have been paid in full. If at any time any payment of reimbursement obligation, interest or any other amount payable by any Subsidiary Account Party under this Agreement is rescinded or must be otherwise restored or returned upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of such Subsidiary Account Party 
 30 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

or otherwise, the Company s obligations hereunder with respect to such payment shall be reinstated at such time as though such payment had been due but not made at such time. The Company irrevocably waives acceptance hereof, presentment, demand, protest and any notice not provided for herein, as well as any requirement that at any time any action be taken by any Person against any Subsidiary Account Parties or any other Person. The Company shall not enforce any payment by way of subrogation against any Subsidiary Account Party so long as (i) any Bank has any Commitment hereunder or (ii) any amount payable hereunder remains unpaid (it being understood that this sentence shall not restrict the Company from receiving payments in respect of reimbursement obligations or other intercompany claims against any Subsidiary Account Party in the ordinary course of business). 
 SECTION 2.02. Issuance and Administration of Syndicated Letters of Credit . With respect to each Syndicated Letter of Credit, such Syndicated Letter of Credit shall be executed and delivered by the Administrative Agent in the name and on behalf of, and as attorney-in-fact for, the Banks party to such Syndicated Letter of Credit, and the Administrative Agent shall act as the agent of each such Bank to (a) receive drafts, other demands for payment and other documents presented by the beneficiary under such Syndicated Letter of Credit, (b) determine whether such drafts, demands and documents are in compliance with the terms and conditions of such Syndicated Letter of Credit and (c) notify such Bank and the Company (who shall notify the relevant Subsidiary Account Party, if any) that a valid drawing has been made and the date that the related LC Disbursement is to be made provided , that the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation or liability for any LC Disbursement under such Syndicated Letter of Credit, and each Syndicated Letter of Credit shall expressly so provide. Promptly following the issuance of any Syndicated Letter of Credit hereunder, the Administrative Agent shall provide each Bank with a copy thereof. Each Bank hereby irrevocably appoints and designates the Administrative Agent as its attorney-in-fact, acting through any duly authorized officer of the Person that is serving as the Administrative Agent, to execute and deliver in the name and on behalf of such Bank each Syndicated Letter of Credit to be issued by the Banks hereunder. Promptly upon the request of the Administrative Agent, each Bank will furnish to the Administrative Agent such powers of attorney or other evidence as any beneficiary of any such Letter of Credit may reasonably request in order to demonstrate that the Administrative Agent has the power to act as attorney-in-fact for such Bank to execute and deliver each Syndicated Letter of Credit. 
 SECTION 2.03. Reimbursement for LC Disbursements, Cover, Etc . (a) Reimbursement . If any Bank shall make any LC Disbursement in respect of any Letter of Credit, the relevant Obligor shall reimburse such Bank in respect of any such LC Disbursement by paying to the Administrative Agent an amount equal to such LC Disbursement not later than 5 00 p.m., New York City time, on the Domestic Business Day immediately following the day that the relevant Obligor receives notice of such LC Disbursement provided that, if at any time during the Commitment Availability Period any LC Disbursement has not been reimbursed by or on behalf of the relevant Obligor prior to the applicable time, the Company shall be deemed to have requested a Base Rate Borrowing in an equivalent amount to be disbursed on the Domestic Business Day such reimbursement is due, subject to the conditions set forth in Section 3.01 (other than receipt of a Notice of Borrowing by the Administrative Agent), to finance such payment, and to the extent so financed, the relevant Obligor s obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting Base Rate Borrowing provided , further , that with respect to any unreimbursed amount that is not fully refinanced by a Base Rate Borrowing because the conditions set forth in Section 3.01 cannot be satisfied, such unreimbursed amount (together with interest) shall be immediately due and payable by the relevant Obligor without further demand. 
 (b) Reimbursement Obligations Absolute . The obligations of the relevant Obligor to reimburse LC Disbursements as provided in Section 2.03(a) and of the Company as guarantor as provided in Section 2.01(h) shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and 
 31 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit, or any term or provision therein, (ii) any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, (iii) payment under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit, (iv) at any time or from time to time, without notice to the Company or any Subsidiary Account Party, the time for any performance of or compliance with any of such reimbursement obligations of any Obligor or party thereto shall be waived, extended or renewed, (v) any of such reimbursement obligations of any Obligor or party thereto shall be amended or otherwise modified in any respect, or any guarantee of any of such reimbursement obligations or any security therefor shall be released, substituted or exchanged in whole or in part or otherwise dealt with, (vi) any lien or security interest granted to, or in favor of, the Administrative Agent or any of the Banks as security for any of such reimbursement obligations shall fail to be perfected, (vii) the occurrence of any Default, (viii) the existence of any proceedings of the type described in Section 6.01(g) or (h) with respect to any other Obligor or party thereto of any of such reimbursement obligations, (ix) any lack of validity or enforceability of any of such reimbursement obligations against any other Obligor or party thereto of any of such reimbursement obligations, or (x) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section 2.03, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of the obligations of the Company or any Subsidiary Account Party hereunder. 
 Neither the Administrative Agent nor any Bank nor any of their respective Related Parties shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms or any consequence arising from causes beyond their control provided , that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse the Administrative Agent or a Bank from liability to any Obligor to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to consequential, special, indirect and punitive damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Obligors to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by such Obligor that are caused by (x) the bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Administrative Agent or such Bank, as the case may be, or (y) in the case of any Bank, its failure to make an LC Disbursement in respect of any drawing properly made under a Letter of Credit as provided in Sections 2.01(e) and 2.03(c), in the case of each of the foregoing clauses (x) and (y), as determined in a final and non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction. The parties hereto expressly agree that 
 (i) the Administrative Agent or (in the case of any Fronted Letter of Credit) the applicable Fronting Issuing Bank may accept documents that appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, and may make payment upon presentation of documents that appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit 
 (ii) the Administrative Agent or (in the case of any Fronted Letter of Credit) the applicable Fronting Issuing Bank shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to decline to accept such documents and to make such payment if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit and 
 32 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

(iii) this sentence shall establish the standard of care to be exercised by the Administrative Agent or (in the case of any Fronted Letter of Credit) the applicable Fronting Issuing Bank when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof (and the parties hereto hereby waive, to the extent permitted by applicable law, any standard of care inconsistent with the foregoing). 
 (c) Disbursement Procedures . (i) The following provisions shall apply to any Syndicated Letter of Credit. The Administrative Agent shall, within a reasonable time following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under any Syndicated Letter of Credit. The Administrative Agent shall promptly after such examination (A) notify each of the Banks and the Company (who shall notify the relevant Subsidiary Account Party, if any) by telephone (confirmed by electronic mail) of such demand for payment and (B) deliver to each Bank a copy of each document purporting to represent a demand for payment under such Syndicated Letter of Credit. With respect to any drawing properly made under any such Syndicated Letter of Credit, each Bank will make an LC Disbursement in respect of such Syndicated Letter of Credit in accordance with its liability under such Syndicated Letter of Credit and this Agreement, such LC Disbursement to be made to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Banks. The Administrative Agent will make any such LC Disbursement available to the beneficiary of such Syndicated Letter of Credit by promptly crediting the amounts so received, in like funds, to the account identified by such beneficiary in connection with such demand for payment provided , that the Administrative Agent will be obligated to honor drawings under any Syndicated Letter of Credit only to the extent of funds received. Promptly following any LC Disbursement by any Bank in respect of any such Syndicated Letter of Credit, the Administrative Agent will notify the Company (who shall notify the relevant Subsidiary Account Party, if any) of such LC Disbursement provided , that any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the relevant Obligor of its obligation to reimburse the Banks with respect to any such LC Disbursement, the Company of its guarantee pursuant to Section 2.01(h), or any of the relevant Subsidiary Account Party s or the Company s obligations hereunder. 
 (ii) The following provisions shall apply to any Fronted Letter of Credit. The applicable Fronting Issuing Bank shall, within a reasonable time following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under a Fronted Letter of Credit. The applicable Fronting Issuing Bank shall promptly after such examination notify the Administrative Agent and the Company (who shall notify the relevant Subsidiary Account Party, if any) by telephone (confirmed by electronic mail) of such demand for payment and whether such Fronting Issuing Bank has made or will make a LC Disbursement thereunder provided , that any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the relevant Subsidiary Account Party or the Company of its obligation to reimburse such Fronting Issuing Bank and the Banks with respect to any such LC Disbursement. 
 (d) Interim Interest . If any LC Disbursement is made, then, unless such LC Disbursement has been reimbursed in full on the date such LC Disbursement is made (without regard for when notice thereof is given), the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such LC Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that the relevant Obligor reimburses such LC Disbursement, at the rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Margin applicable to Base Rate Borrowings at such time. 
 (e) Provision of Cover . In the event the Company or the Subsidiary Account Parties shall have provided (or be required to provide) cash collateral for outstanding Letters of Credit pursuant to Section 2.01(d), Section 2.17, Section 6.01, Section 2.11(d), Section 2.18(c)(i) or clause (f) hereof, the Administrative Agent will establish a separate cash collateral account 
 33 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

(the Collateral Account ), which may be a securities account (as defined in Section 8-501 of the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in New York (the NY UCC )), in the name and under the sole dominion and control of the Administrative Agent (and, in the case of a securities account, in respect of which the Administrative Agent is the entitlement holder (as defined in Section 8-102(a)(7) of the NY UCC)) into which there shall be deposited from time to time such amounts paid to the Administrative Agent as cash collateral for the applicable LC Exposure. As collateral security for the prompt payment in full when due of the Obligations and all reimbursement obligations in respect of LC Disbursements, all interest thereon, and all other obligations of the Obligors under the Credit Documents whether or not then outstanding or due and payable (such obligations being herein collectively called the Secured Obligations ), each Obligor hereby pledges and grants to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Banks and the Administrative Agent as provided herein, a security interest in all of its right, title and interest in and to the Collateral Account and the balances from time to time in the Collateral Account (including the investments and reinvestments therein provided for below). The balances from time to time in the Collateral Account shall not constitute payment of any Secured Obligations until applied by the Administrative Agent as provided herein. Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, funds held in the Collateral Account shall be subject to withdrawal only as provided in this Section 2.03(e). Amounts on deposit in the Collateral Account shall be invested and reinvested by the Administrative Agent in such short-term investments as the Administrative Agent shall determine in its sole discretion. All such investments and reinvestments shall be held in the name and be under the sole dominion and control of the Administrative Agent and shall be credited to the Collateral Account. At any time, and from time to time, while an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Administrative Agent shall, if instructed by the Required Banks in their sole discretion, liquidate any such investments and reinvestments and credit the proceeds thereof to the Collateral Account and apply or cause to be applied such proceeds and any other balances in the Collateral Account to the payment of any of the Secured Obligations due and payable. If at any time (i) no Default has occurred and is continuing and (ii) all of the Secured Obligations then due have been paid in full but Letters of Credit remain outstanding, the Administrative Agent shall, from time to time, at the request of the Company, deliver to the relevant Obligor, against receipt but without any recourse, warranty or representation whatsoever, such of the balances in the Collateral Account as exceed the aggregate undrawn face amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit. When all of the Secured Obligations shall have been paid in full, all Letters of Credit have expired or been terminated and the Commitments have terminated, the Administrative Agent shall promptly deliver to the Company, for account of the relevant Obligor, against receipt but without any recourse, warranty or representation whatsoever, the balances remaining in the Collateral Account. 
 (f) Without limiting clause (z) in the first paragraph of Section 2.01(a), if, at any time, the sum of (i) the aggregate undrawn face amount of Fronted Letters of Credit issued by such Fronting Issuing Bank plus (ii) the aggregate amount of unreimbursed LC Disbursements in respect of Fronted Letters of Credit of any Fronting Issuing Bank exceeds its Fronted LC Commitment, the relevant Obligor shall immediately, first , repay any unreimbursed LC Disbursements owing to such Fronting Issuing Bank and, second , either provide cash collateral in the amount equal to 102 of such excess above such Fronting Issuing Bank s Fronted LC Commitment or cause one or more of the outstanding Fronted Letters of Credit issued by such Fronting Issuing Bank to be cancelled, reduced or cancelled and reissued as one or more Syndicated Letters of Credit, so that such excess above such Fronted LC Commitment is eliminated. 
 SECTION 2.04. Loans . At any time and from time to time during the Commitment Availability Period each Bank severally agrees, on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, to make loans in Dollars to the Company pursuant to this Section 2.04 in amounts such that (x) the aggregate outstanding amount of the Credit Exposures of the Banks shall not exceed the aggregate amount of the Commitments of the Banks and (y) the aggregate 
 34 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

outstanding amount of the Credit Exposure of such Bank shall not exceed the Commitment of such Bank. Each Borrowing (i) of Term SOFR Loans shall be in an aggregate principal amount of 5,000,000 or any larger multiple of 1,000,000 and (ii) of Base Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of 1,000,000 or any larger multiple of 500,000 and, in each case, shall be made from the several Banks ratably in proportion to their respective Commitments provided , that, notwithstanding the foregoing, a Base Rate Borrowing may be in an amount that is required to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.03(a). Within the foregoing limits, the Company may borrow under this Section 2.04, repay or, to the extent permitted by Section 2.12, prepay Loans and reborrow at any time during the Commitment Availability Period under this Section 2.04. 
 SECTION 2.05. Notice of Borrowings Interest Elections . (a) The Company shall give the Administrative Agent notice (a Notice of Borrowing not later than 11 00 a.m. (New York City time) (x) on the date of each Base Rate Borrowing by the Company and (y) two U.S. Government Securities Business Days before each Term SOFR Borrowing by the Company, specifying 
 (i) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Domestic Business Day in the case of a Base Rate Borrowing or a U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the case of a Term SOFR Borrowing, 
 (ii) the aggregate amount (in Dollars) of such Borrowing, 
 (iii) whether the Loans comprising such Borrowing are to be Base Rate Loans or Term SOFR Loans, 
 (iv) in the case of a Term SOFR Borrowing, the duration of the Interest Period applicable thereto, subject to the provisions of the definition of Interest Period, 
 (v) whether the Loans comprising such Borrowing are to be LC Reimbursement Loans and 
 (vi) certifying that all other conditions in Section 3.01(b) and (c) have been satisfied. 
 (b) Interest Elections . Each Borrowing initially shall be of the Type specified in the applicable Notice of Borrowing and, in the case of a Term SOFR Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Notice of Borrowing. Thereafter, the Company may elect to convert such Borrowing to a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a Term SOFR Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this subsection (b). The Company may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Banks holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. To make an election pursuant to this Section 2.05(b), the Company shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election by telephone by the time that a Notice of Borrowing would be required under Section 2.05(a) if the Company were requesting a Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election. Each such telephonic Interest Election Request shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly by hand delivery or electronic mail to the Administrative Agent of a written Interest Election Request in a form approved by the Administrative Agent and signed by the Company. Each telephonic and written Interest Election Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.04 
 35 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

(i) the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing) 
 (ii) the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Domestic Business Day 
 (iii) whether the resulting Borrowing is to be a Base Rate Borrowing or a Term SOFR Borrowing and 
 (iv) if the resulting Borrowing is a Term SOFR Borrowing, the Interest Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period . 
 If any such Interest Election Request requests a Term SOFR Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the Company shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Bank of the details thereof and of such Bank s portion of each resulting Borrowing. If the Company fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a Term SOFR Borrowing prior to the date that is two U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period such Borrowing shall be continued as a Term SOFR Borrowing with an Interest Period of one month. Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Banks, so notifies the Company, then, so long as an Event of Default is continuing (i) no outstanding Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a Term SOFR Borrowing and (ii) unless repaid, each Term SOFR Borrowing shall be converted to a Base Rate Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto. 
 SECTION 2.02. Funding of Loans . (a) Upon receipt of a Notice of Borrowing, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Bank of the contents thereof and of such Bank s share of such Borrowing and such Notice of Borrowing shall not thereafter be revocable by the Company. 
 (b) Not later than 12 00 noon (New York City time) (or 1 00 p.m. (New York City time) in the case of any Base Rate Borrowing) on the date of each Borrowing, each Bank participating therein shall (except as provided in subsection (c) of this Section 2.06) make available its share of such Borrowing, in Federal or other funds immediately available in New York City, to the Administrative Agent at its address specified in or pursuant to Section 9.01. Unless the Administrative Agent determines that any applicable condition specified in Article III has not been satisfied, the Administrative Agent will make the funds so received from the Banks available to the Company at any account of the Company specified in writing to the Administrative Agent by the Company that is reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 (c) If any Bank makes a new Loan hereunder to the Company on a day on which the Company or any Subsidiary Account Party is to repay all or any part of an outstanding Loan or unreimbursed LC Disbursement from such Bank, and if requested in writing to do so by the Company, then such Bank shall apply the proceeds of its new Loan to make such repayment and only an amount equal to the difference (if any) between the amount being borrowed and the amount being repaid shall be made available by such Bank to the Administrative Agent as provided in subsection (b) of this Section 2.06, or remitted by the Company to the Administrative Agent as provided in Section 2.13, as the case may be. 
 36 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

(d) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Bank prior to the time of any Borrowing that such Bank will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Bank s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Bank has made such share available to the Administrative Agent on the date of such Borrowing in accordance with subsections (b) and (c) of this Section 2.06 and the Administrative Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Company on such date a corresponding amount. If and to the extent that such Bank shall not have so made such share available to the Administrative Agent, such Bank and the Company severally agree to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount together with interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount is made available to the Company until the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of the Company, a rate per annum equal to the higher of the Federal Funds Rate and the interest rate applicable thereto pursuant to Section 2.09 and (ii) in the case of such Bank, the higher of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. If such Bank shall repay to the Administrative Agent such corresponding amount, such amount so repaid shall constitute such Bank s Loan included in such Borrowing for purposes of this Agreement. 
 (e) In the event that the Company has made a Non-Pro Rata Issuance Election and thereafter the Company requests a Loan, such Loan shall, subject to the other terms and provisions hereof, be advanced, first , by those Non-NAIC Approved Banks that do not participate in the issuance, renewal, extension or amendment of one or more Syndicated Letters of Credit as the result of such Non-Pro Rata Issuance Election until, after giving effect thereto, the Credit Exposure owing to the Banks are held by the Banks pro rata in accordance with their respective Commitments, and, second , by the Banks (including such Non-NAIC Approved Banks) pro rata in accordance with their respective Commitments, provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the aggregate outstanding amount of the Credit Exposure of each Bank shall not exceed the Commitment of such Bank notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 2.06(e). 
 SECTION 2.07. Evidence of Loans . (a) Each Bank shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice records evidencing the indebtedness of the Company to such Bank resulting from each Loan made by such Bank, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Bank from time to time hereunder, and setting forth the Commitments of such Bank. 
 (b) The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Company, shall maintain, at an office located within the United States, a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it, in accordance with its customary practices, and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Banks and the Commitments of, and principal amounts (and stated interest) of the Loans owing to, each Bank from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent clear error, and the Company, the Administrative Agent and the Banks shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Bank hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Company and any Bank (as to its own entries) at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. No assignment shall be effective for purpose of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph. 
 (c) The failure of any Bank or the Administrative Agent to maintain such records required by this Section 2.07 or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligations of the Company to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 (d) Any Bank may request that the Loans of such Bank to the Company be evidenced by a single Note, in substantially the form of Exhibit A hereto with appropriate 
 37 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

modifications to reflect the fact that it evidences Loans of the relevant Type, payable by the Company to such Bank for the account of its Applicable Lending Office. In such event, the Company shall prepare, execute and deliver to such Bank a Note payable to such Bank (or, if requested by such Bank, to such Bank and its registered assigns). Thereafter, once recorded in and to the extent consistent with the information contained in the Register, the Loans evidenced by such Note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 9.06) be represented by one or more Notes in such form payable to the payee named therein (or, to such payee and its registered assigns). For any Loan evidenced by a Note pursuant to this clause (d), any transfer of a Note must be recorded in the Register in order to be effective. 
 SECTION 2.08. Maturity of Loans . Each Loan shall mature, and the Company hereby unconditionally promises to pay the unpaid principal of each Loan (together with accrued interest thereon and all other amounts then payable under this Agreement) on the Maturity Date. 
 SECTION 2.09. Interest Rates of Loans . (a) Each Base Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof, for each day from the date such Loan is made until it becomes due, at a rate per annum equal to the sum of the Base Rate for such day plus the Applicable Margin. Such interest shall accrue and be payable quarterly in arrears on each Quarterly Date and on the date of termination of the Commitments in their entirety (and, if later, the date the Loans shall be paid in full). 
 (b) Each Term SOFR Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof, for the Interest Period applicable thereto, at a rate per annum equal to the sum of Term SOFR plus the Applicable Margin. Such interest shall be payable (i) for each Interest Period on the last day thereof and, if such Interest Period is longer than three months, at intervals of three months after the first day thereof and (ii) in the event of any conversion of any Term SOFR Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Term SOFR Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion. 
 (c) The Administrative Agent shall determine each interest rate applicable to the Loans and other amounts hereunder. The Administrative Agent shall give prompt notice to the Company and the Banks of each rate of interest so determined, and its determination thereof shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. 
 (d) Notwithstanding the rates of interest specified in clauses (a) and (b) above or elsewhere in any Credit Document, effective immediately upon (i) the occurrence of any Event of Default under clauses (a)(i), (g) or (h) of Section 6.01 or (ii) the affirmative vote of the Required Banks during the continuance of any other Event of Default and, in each case, for as long as such Event of Default shall be continuing, all Obligations (including any Obligation that bears interest by reference to the rate applicable to any other Obligation) shall bear interest at a rate that is 2.0 per annum in excess of the interest rate otherwise applicable to such Obligations from time to time, payable on demand or, in the absence of demand, on the date that would otherwise be applicable provided , that at any time that the circumstances described in Section 8.01(a) shall exist, any overdue principal of Term SOFR Loans bearing interest in accordance with this Section 2.09(d) shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the sum of 2.0 plus the Base Rate for such day plus the Applicable Margin. 
 SECTION 2.10. Fees . (a) The Company agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Bank a commitment fee Commitment Fee ), which shall accrue at the Applicable Commitment Fee Rate, on the actual daily unused amount of the Commitment of such Bank during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the date that the Commitments terminate. Accrued Commitment Fees shall be payable in arrears on each Quarterly Date, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Effective Date provided , 
 38 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

that all such fees shall be payable on the date on which the Commitments terminate and any such fees accruing after such date shall be payable on demand. 
 (b) Each Obligor agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Bank a letter of credit fee with respect to each Syndicated Letter of Credit issued for its account, which shall accrue at the Applicable Letter of Credit Commission on the average daily aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Syndicated Letters of Credit during the period from and including the Effective Date to but excluding the later of the date on which such Bank s Commitment terminates and the date on which such Bank ceases to have any Syndicated LC Exposure. Letter of Credit fees accrued through and including each Quarterly Date shall be payable in arrears on such Quarterly Date, commencing on the first Quarterly Date to occur after the Effective Date provided , that all such fees shall be payable on the date on which the Commitments terminate and any such fees accruing after such date shall be payable on demand. 
 (c) Each Obligor agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Fronting Issuing Bank a fronting fee with respect to each Fronted Letter of Credit issued by such Fronting Issuing Bank for such Obligor s account, which shall accrue at a rate per annum agreed in writing between the Company and such Fronting Issuing Bank (and notified to the Administrative Agent) on the average daily aggregate undrawn amount of each such Fronted Letters of Credit during the period from and including the date of issuance thereof to but excluding the later of the expiry date thereof and the date on which there ceases to be any LC Exposure thereunder. Fronting fees accrued through and including each Quarterly Date shall be payable on such Quarterly Date, commencing on the first Quarterly Date to occur after the Effective Date provided , that all such fees shall be payable on the date on which the Commitments terminate and any such fees accruing after such date shall be payable on demand. 
 (d) Each Obligor agrees to pay, on demand, to the Administrative Agent (with respect to Syndicated Letters of Credit issued for its account) and each Fronting Issuing Bank (with respect to Fronted Letters of Credit issued by it for such Obligor s account), in each case for its own account, all commissions, charges, costs and expenses with respect to the issuance, amendment and extension of each such Letter of Credit and drawings and other transactions relating thereto in amounts reasonably and customarily charged from time to time in like circumstances by the Person that is serving as the Administrative Agent or such Fronting Issuing Bank, as the case may be, or, as may be separately agreed from time to time by the Company and the Administrative Agent or such Fronting Issuing Bank, as the case may be. 
 (e) The Company agrees to pay all fees owing to the Administrative Agent, the Joint Lead Arrangers and any Bank pursuant to the Fee Letters in accordance with the terms set forth therein. 
 (f) All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent for distribution, as applicable, to the Banks entitled thereto. Fees paid hereunder shall not be refundable under any circumstances. 
 SECTION 2.11. Termination, Reduction or Increase of Commitments Mandatory Prepayments . (a)Unless previously terminated, the Commitments shall automatically terminate on the Maturity Date. 
 (b) The Company may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent by 10 00 a.m., New York City time, at least three Domestic Business Days prior to such termination or reduction, without premium or penalty, terminate at any time, or proportionately and permanently reduce from time to time by an aggregate amount of 10,000,000 or any larger multiple of 5,000,000 (or such other amount that represents the aggregate amount of Commitments at such time), the aggregate amount of the Commitments provided that, after 
 39 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

giving effect to such termination or any such reduction, the aggregate outstanding amount of the Credit Exposures of the Banks shall not exceed the aggregate amount of the Commitments of the Banks. Upon receipt of such a notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Bank of the contents thereof and of such Bank s ratable share of such reduction (if such notice is a notice of reduction) and such notice shall not thereafter be revocable by the Company provided , that any such notice may be conditioned upon the occurrence of one or more events (including the effectiveness of new credit facilities) and may be revoked by the Company upon the non-occurrence of such event by written notice to the Administrative Agent prior to the date specified for such termination or reduction. Any termination or reduction of the Commitments shall be permanent. 
 (c) The Company shall have the right, at any time after the Effective Date and from time to time prior to the date that is 30 days prior to the Maturity Date, to increase the aggregate Commitments hereunder by an aggregate amount of up to 500,000,000, by causing one or more Additional Commitment Banks (which may include any existing Bank, provided that no existing Bank shall be obligated to increase its Commitment) to provide a (or, in the case of an existing Bank, to increase its) Commitment (each such increase, a Commitment Increase provided , that (i) no Bank shall have any obligation hereunder to become an Additional Commitment Bank and any election to do so shall be in the sole discretion of each Bank, (ii) each Additional Commitment Bank shall have entered into an agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Company and the Administrative Agent pursuant to which such Additional Commitment Bank shall provide a Commitment (or, if such Additional Commitment Bank is an existing Bank, pursuant to which its Commitment shall be increased), (iii) unless the Administrative Agent otherwise agrees, such Commitment of any Additional Commitment Bank which is not an existing Bank shall be in an amount of at least 25,000,000 and (iv) unless the Administrative Agent otherwise agrees, each Commitment Increase shall be in an amount of at least 25,000,000. Each such Additional Commitment Bank shall enter into an agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Company and the Administrative Agent pursuant to which such Additional Commitment Bank shall, as of the effective date of such Commitment Increase (which shall be a Domestic Business Day and, unless the Administrative Agent otherwise agrees, on which no issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit is scheduled to occur), provide a Commitment (or, if any such Additional Commitment Bank is an existing Bank, increase its Commitment in the amount specified therein) and (if not an existing Bank) become a Bank hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Commitment Increase pursuant to this Section shall be effective unless 
 (i) the Company shall have given the Administrative Agent notice of any such increase at least three Domestic Business Days prior to the relevant effective date of such Commitment Increase 
 (ii) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on such effective date and 
 (iii) each of the representations and warranties of the Company and the Subsidiary Account Parties contained in this Agreement (other than the representations and warranties set forth in Sections 4.04(d) and 4.05) shall be true and correct on and as of such effective date with the same force and effect as if made on and as of such date (or, if any such representation or warranty is expressly stated to have been made as of a specific date, as of such specific date). 
 Each notice under clause (i) above shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by the Company as to the matters specified in clauses (ii) and (iii) above. On the effective date of each Commitment Increase, the Company shall simultaneously (i) prepay in full the outstanding Loans (if any) held by the Banks immediately prior to giving effect to the relevant Commitment 
 40 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

Increase, (ii) if the Company shall have so requested in accordance with this Agreement, borrow new Loans from all Banks (including, if applicable, any new Banks) such that, after giving effect thereto, the Loans are held ratably by the Banks in accordance with their respective Commitments (after giving effect to such Commitment Increase) and (iii) pay to the Banks the amounts, if any, payable under Section 2.14. 
 (d) If on any day the aggregate amount of the Credit Exposures of the Banks exceeds the aggregate amount of the Commitments of the Banks, the Company shall promptly prepay Loans (or, if no Loans are outstanding, cash collateralize outstanding Letters of Credit in accordance with Section 2.03(e)), in an amount sufficient to eliminate such excess. 
 SECTION 2.12. Optional Prepayments . (a) The Company may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent by 10 00 a.m., New York City time, at least one Domestic Business Day (or such shorter time as the Administrative Agent may agree in its sole discretion) prior to the date of prepayment, without premium or penalty, prepay any Base Rate Borrowing made to the Company in whole at any time, or from time to time in part in amounts aggregating 5,000,000 or any larger multiple of 1,000,000 (or such other amount that represents the total amount of Base Rate Borrowings outstanding), by paying the principal amount to be prepaid together with accrued interest thereon to the date of prepayment. 
 (b) The Company may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent by 10 00 a.m., New York City time, at least three Domestic Business Days prior to the date of prepayment, without premium or penalty (but including any amounts owed pursuant to Section 2.14), prepay any Term SOFR Borrowing made to the Company in whole at any time, or from time to time in part in amounts aggregating 5,000,000 or any larger multiple of 1,000,000 (or such other amount that represents the total amount of Term SOFR Borrowings outstanding), by paying the principal amount to be prepaid together with (x) accrued interest thereon to the date of prepayment and (y) all losses and expenses (if any) relating thereto which are (i) determined pursuant to Section 2.14 and (ii) notified to the Company by the relevant Bank at least one Domestic Business Day prior to the date of such prepayment provided , that the failure of any Bank to so notify the Company of the amount of any such loss or expense shall not relieve the Company of its obligation to pay the same. 
 (c) Each prepayment pursuant to this Section 2.12 shall be applied to prepay ratably the Loans of the several Banks included in the relevant Borrowing being prepaid. Upon receipt of a notice of prepayment pursuant to this Section 2.12, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Bank of the contents thereof and of such Bank s ratable share (if any) of such prepayment and such notice shall not thereafter be revocable by the Company provided , that any such notice may be conditioned upon the occurrence of one or more events (including the effectiveness of new credit facilities) and may be revoked by the Company upon the non-occurrence of such event by written notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date specified for such prepayment. 
 SECTION 2.13. Payments Generally Pro Rata Treatment Administrative Agent s Clawback . (a) The Obligors shall make or cause to be made each payment required to be made by them hereunder (whether reimbursement of LC Disbursements, principal of or interest on the Loans, fees, amounts under Article VIII or otherwise) or under any other Credit Document (except to the extent otherwise provided therein) not later than 2 00 p.m., New York City time, on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without set-off or counterclaim. Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Domestic Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent at its Payment Account, except as otherwise expressly provided in the relevant Credit Document, and except that payments pursuant to Section 9.03 and Article VIII shall be made directly to the 
 41 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

Persons entitled thereto. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. If any payment hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a Domestic Business Day or U.S. Government Securities Business Day (as applicable), the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Domestic Business Day or U.S. Government Securities Business Day (as applicable) and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. All payments hereunder or under any other Credit Document shall be made in Dollars. 
 (b) If at any time insufficient funds are received by and available to the Administrative Agent to pay fully all amounts of unreimbursed LC Disbursements in respect of Letters of Credit or interest thereon, principal of or interest on the Loans and fees then due hereunder, such funds shall be applied (i) first , to pay interest and fees then due hereunder in respect of such Letters of Credit or Loans (as applicable), pro rata among the Banks in accordance with the amounts of interest and fees then due to the Banks, and (ii) second , to pay such unreimbursed LC Disbursements or principal in respect of Loans (as applicable) then due hereunder, pro rata among the Banks in accordance with the amounts of unreimbursed LC Disbursements or principal of Loans then due to the Banks. 
 (c) Except to the extent otherwise provided herein (including, without limitation, in clause (e) hereof) (i) each reimbursement of LC Disbursements in respect of Letters of Credit and each payment of principal in respect of Loans shall be for account of the Banks (other than Defaulting Banks), pro rata in accordance with the amounts of unreimbursed LC Disbursements or principal of Loans (as the case may be) then due and payable to the Banks (other than Defaulting Banks) (ii) each termination or reduction of the amount of Commitments under Section 2.11 shall be applied to the respective Commitments of the Banks, pro rata in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages and (iii) each payment of interest, Commitment Fees and letter of credit fees shall be for account of the Banks (other than Defaulting Banks), pro rata in accordance with the amounts of interest, Commitment Fees and letter of credit fees (as the case may be) then due and payable to the Banks (other than Defaulting Banks). 
 (d) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Company or relevant Subsidiary Account Party prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for account of the Banks hereunder that the Company or such Subsidiary Account Party will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Company or such Subsidiary Account Party made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Banks the amount due. In such event, if the Company or such Subsidiary Account Party has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Banks severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Bank with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the higher of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules for interbank compensation. 
 (e) If any Bank shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Sections 2.01(e), 2.03(c), 2.06(d), 2.13(d), 2.16(b), 7.07 or shall otherwise be a Defaulting Bank, then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion and notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, (i) apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Bank for the benefit of the Administrative Agent or the applicable Fronting Issuing Bank to satisfy such Bank s obligations to it or any such Fronting Issuing Bank under such Section until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid, and or (ii) hold any such amounts in a segregated account as cash collateral for, and application to, any future funding 
 42 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

obligations of such Bank under any such Section, in the case of each of clauses (i) and (ii) above, in any order as determined by the Administrative Agent in its discretion. 
 (f) With respect to any payment that the Administrative Agent makes for the account of the Banks hereunder as to which the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that any of the following applies (such payment referred to as the Rescindable Amount (1) the Company has not in fact made such payment (2) the Administrative Agent has made a payment in excess of the amount so paid by the Company (whether or not then owed) or (3) the Administrative Agent has for any reason otherwise erroneously made such payment then each of the Banks, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount so distributed to such Bank, in immediately available funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Bank with respect to any amount owing under this Section 2.13(f) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Credit Document, the provisions of this Section 2.13(f) are solely agreements among the Banks and the Administrative Agent and shall not impose any obligations on the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 
 SECTION 2.14. Funding Losses . If the Company makes any payment of principal with respect to any Term SOFR Loan (pursuant to Articles VI or VIII or otherwise), or converts any Term SOFR Loan, on any day other than the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, or the end of an applicable period fixed pursuant to Section 2.09(d), or if the Company fails to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any Term SOFR Loans after notice has been given to any Bank in accordance with Sections 2.05(a), 2.05(b) or 2.12(b), as applicable, the Company shall reimburse each Bank within 30 days after demand for any resulting loss or expense incurred by it (or by an existing or prospective participant in the related Loan), including (without limitation) any loss incurred in obtaining, liquidating or employing deposits from third parties, but excluding loss of margin for the period after any such payment or failure to borrow, provided that such Bank shall have delivered to the Company a certificate as to the amount of such loss or expense, which certificate shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. 
 SECTION 2.15. Computation of Interest and Fees . Interest based on the Base Rate (including the Base Rate determined by reference to Term SOFR) shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year) and paid for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). All other interest and fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and paid for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). 
 SECTION 2.16. Provisions Relating to NAIC Approved Banks . (a) Each Bank confirms that it is, as of the date of this Agreement, listed on the NAIC Approved Bank List. Each Bank agrees to use commercially reasonable efforts in order to, at all times, (i) be listed on the NAIC Approved Bank List or (ii) maintain in effect a Confirming Bank Agreement with a Bank which is listed on the NAIC Approved Bank List to act as a Confirming Bank for such Bank in respect of its obligations under the Syndicated Letters of Credit (which Bank, prior to entering into such Confirming Bank Agreement, shall be subject to the prior written consent of each of the Company and the Administrative Agent, and such consent, in each case, shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). If any Bank shall enter into a Confirming Bank Agreement hereunder at any time, it shall promptly furnish a copy thereof to the Company and the Administrative Agent. If at any time any Bank shall cease to be a NAIC Approved Bank, such Bank shall promptly notify the Company and the Administrative Agent and forthwith comply with its obligations under this Section 2.16. 
 43 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

(b) If at any time any Bank shall not be listed on the NAIC Approved Bank List and shall not have in effect a Confirming Bank Agreement with a Bank which is so listed provided such Bank is not a Defaulting Bank at such time), such Bank shall be obligated to promptly notify the Company and the Administrative Agent and provide cash collateral for its LC Exposure on the following terms 
 (i) With respect to any then existing Fronted LC Exposure of such Bank, at the option of the applicable Fronting Issuing Bank or the relevant Obligor, such Bank shall forthwith deliver to the Administrative Agent or the applicable Fronting Issuing Bank an amount in cash equal to 100 of the maximum amount of such Non-NAIC Approved Bank s Fronted LC Exposure (such amount provided in respect of such Fronted LC Exposure being herein called Fronted LC Cash Collateral ). Upon receipt of any Fronted LC Cash Collateral (including any additional cash collateral provided under clause (iii) below that constitutes Fronted LC Cash Collateral), the Administrative Agent or the applicable Fronting Issuing Bank will establish one or more cash collateral accounts (which, in each case, may be a securities account (as defined in Section 8-501 of the NY UCC)) in the name and under the sole dominion and control of the Administrative Agent or the applicable Fronting Issuing Bank (and, in the case of a securities account, in respect of which the Administrative Agent or the applicable Fronting Issuing Bank is the entitlement holder (as defined in Section 8-102(a)(7) of the NY UCC)) (each such cash collateral account, a Fronted LC Collateral Account and deposit therein the relevant portion of such Fronted LC Cash Collateral (including the relevant portion of any additional cash collateral provided by such Bank in respect of its additional Fronted LC Exposure pursuant to clause (iii) below) as collateral solely for the benefit of the applicable Fronting Issuing Bank to secure such Bank s obligations in respect of the Fronted LC Exposure with respect to Fronted Letters of Credit issued by such Fronting Issuing Bank and such Bank hereby pledges and grants to the Administrative Agent or the applicable Fronting Issuing Bank, for the benefit of the applicable Fronting Issuing Bank, a security interest in all of its right, title and interest in and to each Fronted LC Collateral Account and the balances from time to time therein (including the investments and reinvestments therein provided for below). The balances from time to time in a Fronted LC Collateral Account shall not constitute payment of any such obligations until applied by the Administrative Agent or the applicable Fronting Issuing Bank as provided herein. 
 (ii) With respect to any then existing Syndicated LC Exposure of such Bank, such Bank and or the relevant Obligor may request that another Bank act as a Confirming Bank for (and to enter into a Confirming Bank Agreement with) such Bank with respect to such Bank s then existing Syndicated LC Exposure (and such additional Syndicated LC Exposure of such Bank, to the extent provided in clause (iii) below) provided that (A) no Bank shall be obligated to so act as a Confirming Bank and (B) any agreement of such Bank to so act as a Confirming Bank shall be on such terms and conditions and subject to payment of such fees as shall be agreed among such Confirming Bank, the Bank that is no longer a NAIC Approved Bank, the Administrative Agent and the relevant Obligor (including, to the extent required by the Confirming Bank or the relevant Obligor, the requirement that such Bank shall forthwith deliver to the Administrative Agent an amount in cash equal to the maximum amount of such Syndicated LC Exposure (such amount provided in respect of such Syndicated LC Exposure being herein called the Syndicated LC Cash Collateral )). Upon receipt of any Syndicated LC Cash Collateral (including any additional cash collateral provided under clause (iii) below that constitutes Syndicated LC Cash Collateral) by the Administrative Agent from such Bank, the Administrative Agent will establish a cash collateral account (of the type described in clause (i) above) (the Syndicated LC Collateral Account and, together with each Fronted LC Collateral Account, each a LC Collateral Account and deposit therein such 
 44 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

Syndicated LC Cash Collateral (including any additional cash collateral provided by such Bank in respect of its additional Syndicated LC Exposure pursuant to clause (iii) below) as collateral solely for the benefit of the Confirming Bank to secure such Bank s obligations to the Confirming Bank under such Confirming Bank Agreement in respect of such Bank s Syndicated LC Exposure and such Bank hereby pledges and grants to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Confirming Bank, a security interest in all of its right, title and interest in and to the Syndicated LC Collateral Account and the balances from time to time therein (including the investments and reinvestments therein provided for below). The balances from time to time in the Syndicated LC Collateral Account shall not constitute payment of any such obligations until applied by the Administrative Agent as provided herein. 
 (iii) If at any time thereafter the Obligor shall request additional Letters of Credit and at such time such Bank shall not be a NAIC Approved Bank provided such Bank is not a Defaulting Bank), upon the request of any applicable Fronting Issuing Bank, applicable Confirming Bank or the relevant Obligor, as applicable, such Bank shall provide additional cash collateral in respect of its Applicable Percentage of the maximum amount of the LC Exposure under such Letter of Credit in accordance with clause (i) or (ii) above, as applicable provided that, with respect to any Fronted LC Exposure, such collateral shall be provided only at the option of the applicable Fronting Issuing Bank and with respect to any Syndicated LC Exposure, such collateral shall be provided only at the option of the applicable Confirming Bank) and, upon receipt of such collateral, the Fronting Issuing Bank, Administrative Agent or such other party shall deposit, hold and apply such collateral as Fronted LC Cash Collateral or Syndicated LC Cash Collateral, as applicable, in accordance with this subsection (b). 
 (iv) Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, funds held in any LC Collateral Account established under this subsection (b) shall be subject to withdrawal only as provided herein. Amounts on deposit in each LC Collateral Account shall be invested and reinvested by the Administrative Agent in such short-term investments as the Administrative Agent shall determine in its sole discretion or, in the case of any Fronted LC Collateral Account, as the applicable Fronting Issuing Bank for whose benefits the funds therein have been pledged may direct the Administrative Agent or, in the case of the Syndicated LC Collateral Account, as the applicable Confirming Bank(s) may direct the Administrative Agent. All such investments and reinvestments shall be held in the name and be under the sole dominion and control of the Administrative Agent and shall be credited to the relevant LC Collateral Account for the benefit of the Person for which such funds are being held. At any time, and from time to time, the Administrative Agent shall, if instructed by (in the case of any Fronted LC Collateral Account) the applicable Fronting Issuing Bank in its sole discretion or (in the case of the Syndicated LC Collateral Account) the applicable Confirming Bank (or the relevant Obligor if such Non-NAIC Approved Bank does not have in effect a Confirming Bank Agreement) in its sole discretion, as the case may be, liquidate any such investments and reinvestments and credit the proceeds thereof to such LC Collateral Account and apply or cause to be applied the balances therein to the payment of such Bank s obligations then due and payable which are secured by such balances. 
 (v) If at any time the Letters of Credit in respect of any LC Exposure for which cash collateral has been provided by such Non-NAIC Approved Bank under this subsection (b) shall no longer exist, the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of such Non-NAIC Approved Bank, deliver to such Non-NAIC Approved Bank (with the concurrence of the applicable Fronting Issuing Bank, applicable Confirming Bank or the relevant Obligor, as applicable), against receipt but without any recourse, warranty or representation whatsoever, the remaining balance in the relevant LC Collateral Account. 
 45 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

(vi) If at any time such Bank shall have become a NAIC Approved Bank, subject, in the case of any Syndicated LC Exposure of such Bank, to (x) the termination of the Confirming Bank Agreement entered into between the applicable Confirming Bank and such Bank releasing the Confirming Bank s obligation thereunder to act as a Confirming Bank for such Bank and (y) with the consent of the beneficiary under each Syndicated Letter of Credit to the extent required by the terms thereof or under applicable law (including, if applicable, the Uniform Customs and Practices for Documentary Credits governing such Syndicated Letter of Credit), the amendment of each such Syndicated Letter of Credit by the Administrative Agent to reinstate such Bank s liability thereunder (and terminate the applicable Confirming Bank s liability thereunder in its capacity as such Confirming Bank), the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of such Bank, deliver to such Bank (with the concurrence of the applicable Fronting Issuing Bank (with respect to any Fronted LC Exposure), the applicable Confirming Bank (with respect to any Syndicated LC Exposure)) or the relevant Obligor (with respect to any Syndicated LC Exposure for which the Non-NAIC Approved Bank does not have in effect a Confirming Bank Agreement), against receipt but without any recourse, warranty or representation whatsoever, the remaining balance in the relevant LC Collateral Account. 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, so long as any Bank shall be a Non-NAIC Approved Bank, the Company may, upon notice to such Bank and the Administrative Agent, require such Bank, at the expense of such Bank, to assign, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.06), all its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement and the Letters of Credit issued, or participated in, by such Bank to any Person that shall be on the NAIC Approved Bank List and such Person shall assume such obligations (which Assignee may be another Bank, if it, in its sole discretion, accepts such assignment) with (and subject to) the consent of the Administrative Agent (which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld) provided that such Non-NAIC Approved Bank shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding amount of its LC Disbursements (including participations therein), principal of its Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding LC Disbursements, Loans and accrued interest and fees) or the Obligors (in the case of all other amounts) (provided that the Company or Subsidiary Account Party may deduct, or cause such assignee to deduct, from amounts payable by them or it, as applicable, to such Bank hereunder all fees, costs and expenses reasonably incurred by the Company or such Subsidiary Account Party in effecting such assignment). 
 (d) The relevant Obligor may, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this clause (d), request that all Syndicated Letters of Credit that are requested to be issued or that are outstanding during the period that such Non-NAIC Approved Bank (i) does not have a Confirming Bank and (ii) continues to be a Bank hereunder be issued, renewed, extended or amended, as applicable, by the Banks on an adjusted pro rata basis that excludes the Commitment of such Non-NAIC Approved Bank, provided that, if the relevant Obligor elects to request that any Syndicated Letter of Credit be issued, renewed, extended or amended on an adjusted pro rata basis, (i) such issuance, renewal, extension or adjustment shall be made only to the extent that it would not cause the Credit Exposure owing to any Bank to exceed such Bank s Commitment and (ii) thereafter, if the Company elects to request a Loan, such Loan shall be advanced as provided in Section 2.06(e). 
 (e) To the extent that any Bank is acting as a Confirming Bank on behalf of a Non-NAIC Approved Bank for any period in accordance with this Section 2.16, the rate at which such Non-NAIC Approved Bank s letter of credit fee accrues pursuant to Section 2.10(b) during such period shall be reduced by an amount to be agreed between such Non-NAIC Approved Bank and the applicable Confirming Bank, and the applicable Confirming Bank shall be entitled 
 46 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

to receive the amount by which such fee was reduced from the relevant Obligor as a letter of credit fee for its own account. 
 SECTION 2.17. Defaulting Banks . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Bank becomes a Defaulting Bank, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Bank is a Defaulting Bank 
 (a) Commitment Fees shall cease to accrue on the Commitment of such Defaulting Bank pursuant to Section 2.10(a) 
 (b) the Commitment and Credit Exposure of such Defaulting Bank shall not be included in determining whether the Required Banks have taken or may take any action hereunder (including any consent to any amendment, waiver or other modification pursuant to Section 9.05) provided that this clause (b) shall not apply to the vote of a Defaulting Bank in the case of an amendment, waiver or other modification requiring the consent of such Bank or each Bank affected thereby 
 (c) with respect to any Fronted LC Exposure (if any) 
 (i) all or any part of the Fronted LC Exposure of such Defaulting Bank (other than such Fronted LC Exposure that is cash collateralized pursuant to Section 2.16(b)) shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Banks in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages but only to the extent (x) the sum of all Non-Defaulting Banks Credit Exposures plus such Defaulting Bank s LC Exposure does not exceed the total of all Non-Defaulting Banks Commitments and (y) such reallocation does not, as to any Non-Defaulting Bank, cause such Non-Defaulting Bank s Credit Exposure to exceed its Commitment (and, if such reallocation can only partially be effected, such reallocation shall be made ratably among the then outstanding Fronted Letters of Credit, unless otherwise agreed by the Fronting Issuing Banks and the Administrative Agent) 
 (ii) if the reallocation described in clause (i) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Obligors shall within one Domestic Business Day following notice by the Administrative Agent, if the Defaulting Bank has not, at the request of the Company pursuant to Section 2.17(e), assigned its interests, rights and obligations hereunder to another Person that is not a Defaulting Bank, (a) cash collateralize for the benefit of the applicable Fronting Issuing Bank only the Obligors obligations in respect thereof corresponding to such Defaulting Bank s Fronted LC Exposure thereunder (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (i) above) in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.03(e) for so long as such Fronted LC Exposure is outstanding or (b) to the extent permitted under the terms of the relevant Fronted Letter of Credit, cause one or more of the outstanding Fronted Letters of Credit issued hereunder to be cancelled, reduced or cancelled and reissued in accordance with Section 2.01 in a reduced face amount, so that such Non-NAIC Approved Bank s Fronted LC Exposure is eliminated (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (i) above) 
 (iii) if the Obligors cash collateralize any portion of such Defaulting Bank s Fronted LC Exposure pursuant to clause (ii) above, the Obligors shall not be required to pay any letter of credit fees to such Defaulting Bank pursuant to Section 2.10(c) with respect to such Defaulting Bank s Fronted LC Exposure during the period and to the extent that such Defaulting Bank s Fronted LC Exposure is cash collateralized 
 47 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

(iv) if the Fronted LC Exposure of the Non-Defaulting Banks is reallocated pursuant to clause (i) above, then the letter of credit fees payable to the Banks pursuant to Section 2.10(c) shall be adjusted in accordance with such Non-Defaulting Banks Applicable Percentages 
 (v) if all or any portion of such Defaulting Bank s Fronted LC Exposure is not reallocated, cash collateralized or assigned pursuant to clauses (i) or (ii) above, then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of any applicable Fronting Issuing Bank or any other Bank hereunder, all Commitment Fees that otherwise would have been payable to such Defaulting Bank (solely with respect to the portion of such Defaulting Bank s Commitment that was utilized by such Fronted LC Exposure) and letter of credit fees payable under Section 2.10(c) with respect to such Defaulting Bank s Fronted LC Exposure shall be payable to the applicable Fronting Issuing Banks until and to the extent that such Fronted LC Exposure is reallocated, cash collateralized or assigned in accordance with clauses (i) or (ii) above 
 (vi) so long as such Bank is a Defaulting Bank, no Fronting Issuing Bank shall be required to issue, amend or increase any Fronted Letter of Credit, unless it is satisfied that the related exposure and the Defaulting Bank s then outstanding Fronted LC Exposure will be 100 covered by the Commitments of the Non-Defaulting Banks and or cash collateral will be provided by the Obligors in accordance with Section 2.17(c), and participating interests in any newly issued or increased Fronted Letter of Credit shall be allocated among Non-Defaulting Banks in a manner consistent with Section 2.17(c)(i) (and such Defaulting Bank shall not participate therein) and 
 (vii) if (i) a Bankruptcy Event or a Bail-In Action with respect to a Parent of any Bank shall occur following the date hereof and for so long as such event shall continue or (ii) any Fronting Issuing Bank has a good faith belief that any Bank has defaulted in fulfilling its obligations under one or more other agreements in which such Bank commits to extend credit, such Fronting Issuing Bank shall not be required to issue, amend or increase any Fronted Letter of Credit, unless such Fronting Issuing Bank shall have entered into arrangements with the Company or such Bank, satisfactory to such Fronting Issuing Bank, to defease any risk to it in respect of such Bank hereunder 
 (d) with respect to any Syndicated LC Exposure (if any) 
 (i) letter of credit fees shall cease to accrue on such Defaulting Bank s Syndicated LC Exposure pursuant to Section 2.10(b), except to the extent (A) such Defaulting Bank s Syndicated LC Exposure is the subject of a Confirming Bank Agreement (in which case, such Letter of Credit fees shall be for the account of the applicable Confirming Bank) or (B) as set forth in clause (iii) below 
 (ii) with respect to any Syndicated Letter of Credit outstanding at the time such Bank becomes a Defaulting Bank, with the consent of the beneficiary thereunder to the extent required by the terms thereof or under applicable law (including, if applicable, the Uniform Customs and Practices for Documentary Credits governing such Syndicated Letter of Credit), (x) all or any part of the Syndicated LC Exposure of such Defaulting Bank (other than any such Syndicated LC Exposure for which a Confirming Bank is then acting as a Confirming Bank for such Defaulting Bank pursuant to Section 2.16(b)) shall be 
 48 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Banks in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages but only to the extent (I) the sum of all Non-Defaulting Banks Credit Exposures plus such Defaulting Bank s LC Exposure does not exceed the total of all Non-Defaulting Banks Commitments and (II) such reallocation does not, as to any Non-Defaulting Bank, cause such Non-Defaulting Bank s Credit Exposure to exceed its Commitment and (y) each such Syndicated Letter of Credit (other than any Syndicated Letter of Credit in respect of which a Confirming Bank is then acting as a Confirming Bank for such Bank pursuant to Section 2.16(b)) shall be amended by the Administrative Agent to specify the Banks that are parties to such Syndicated Letter of Credit (excluding, for avoidance of doubt, such Defaulting Bank), after giving effect to such event, and such Banks respective Applicable Percentages as of the effective date of such amendment 
 (iii) if the Syndicated LC Exposure of the Non-Defaulting Banks is reallocated with respect to any Syndicated Letter of Credit pursuant to clause (ii) above, then the letter of credit fees payable to the Banks with respect to such Syndicated Letter of Credit pursuant to Section 2.10(b) shall be adjusted in accordance with such Non-Defaulting Banks Applicable Percentages and 
 (iv) the Syndicated LC Exposures of the Banks in respect of any newly issued Syndicated Letter of Credit shall be allocated among Non-Defaulting Banks in a manner consistent with clause (ii) above (and such Defaulting Bank shall have no obligation under each such Syndicated Letter of Credit to the extent such Syndicated LC Exposures in respect thereof are so reallocated) 
 (e) (i) the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion, apply or hold payments for the account of such Defaulting Bank as set forth in Section 2.13(e) and until such time as the readjustments with respect to such Defaulting Bank are effected pursuant to subsection (f) of this Section 2.17, the Company may, upon notice to such Defaulting Bank and the Administrative Agent, require such Defaulting Bank, at the expense of such Defaulting Bank, to assign, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.06), all its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement and the Letters of Credit issued, or participated in, by such Defaulting Bank to any Person that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Bank, if it accepts such assignment) with (and subject to) the consent of the Administrative Agent (which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld) provided that (x) such Defaulting Bank shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding amount of its LC Disbursements (including participations therein), principal of its Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding LC Disbursements, Loans and accrued interest and fees) or the Company (in the case of all other amounts) provided that the Company may deduct, or cause such assignee to deduct, from amounts payable by them or it, as applicable, to such Bank hereunder all fees, costs and expenses reasonably incurred by the Company in effecting such assignment) and (y) concurrently with such assignment, to the extent any LC Exposure of such Defaulting Bank theretofore shall have been reallocated pursuant to this Section 2.17, the Credit Exposures of the Banks (including, after giving effect to such assignment, such assignee) shall be readjusted (and payments made by the relevant parties) in a manner consistent with subsection (f) of this Section 2.17, such that, after giving effect thereto, the Banks (including such assignee, but not such Defaulting Bank) shall hold the Credit Exposures then outstanding in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages and (ii) to the extent the GBSA Bank is a Defaulting Bank, the Company may terminate the Commitments of the GBSA Bank and repay the outstanding principal of its Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder as of such termination and 
 49 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

(f) in the event that the Administrative Agent, the Company and (to the extent there shall be Fronted Letters of Credit then outstanding) each Fronting Issuing Bank each agrees that a Defaulting Bank has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Bank to be a Defaulting Bank, then such Bank shall cease to be a Defaulting Bank and the Credit Exposures of the Banks shall be readjusted as follows 
 (i) with respect to any Fronted LC Exposure then outstanding, such Fronted LC Exposure shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Bank s Commitment and such Bank shall purchase at par such of the unreimbursed LC Disbursements then outstanding (if any) of the other Banks in respect of such Fronted LC Exposure as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Bank to hold such LC Disbursements in accordance with its Applicable Percentage 
 (ii) with respect to any Syndicated LC Exposure then outstanding, (x) with the consent of the beneficiary under each outstanding Syndicated Letter of Credit to the extent required by the terms thereof or under applicable law (including, if applicable, the Uniform Customs and Practices for Documentary Credits governing such Syndicated Letter of Credit) and to the extent such Syndicated Letter of Credit was theretofore amended or issued pursuant to subsection (d)(ii) or (d)(iv), as applicable, of this Section 2.17 to reflect the exclusion of such Bank s Commitment, (I) each such Syndicated Letter of Credit shall be amended by the Administrative Agent to specify the Banks (including such Bank) that are then parties to such Syndicated Letter of Credit and such Banks respective Applicable Percentages, in each case reflecting the inclusion of such Bank s Commitment, as of the effective date of such amendment and (II) if such Syndicated Letter of Credit was not theretofore amended pursuant to subsection (d)(ii) of this Section 2.17 to reflect the exclusion of such Bank s Commitment thereunder, but instead the face amount of such Syndicated Letter of Credit was increased or a new Letter of Credit was issued hereunder in favor of the beneficiary of such Syndicated Letter of Credit in order to provide such beneficiary with an aggregate undrawn face amount of Letters of Credit from the Non-Defaulting Banks (including, if applicable, the applicable Fronting Issuing Banks) in the amount required by such beneficiary, the amount of such Syndicated Letter of Credit or new Letter of Credit shall be amended by the Administrative Agent to decrease the amount thereof, or the Obligors shall arrange for such new Letter of Credit to be surrendered by such beneficiary to the Administrative Agent or the applicable Fronting Issuing Bank, in order to reflect the inclusion of such Bank s Commitment pursuant to the amendment to such Syndicated Letter of Credit under sub-clause (I) above provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Obligors shall not be required to pay any letter of credit fees to such Bank pursuant to Section 2.10(b) until such amendments with respect to such Letters of Credit shall have become effective) (y) (subject to clause (x) being satisfied with respect to a Syndicated Letter of Credit) the Syndicated LC Exposure of the Banks with respect to such Syndicated Letter of Credit shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Bank s Commitment and (z) (subject to clause (x) being satisfied with respect to a Syndicated Letter of Credit) such Bank shall purchase at par such of the unreimbursed LC Disbursements then outstanding (if any) of the other Banks with respect to such Syndicated Letter of Credit as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Bank to hold such LC Disbursements in accordance with its Applicable Percentage and 
 (iii) with respect to any Loans then outstanding, such Bank shall purchase at par such of the Loans of the other Banks as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Bank to hold such Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. 
 50 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

Subject to Section 9.16, no readjustment under this Section 2.17(f) shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Bank arising from that Bank having become a Defaulting Bank, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Bank as a result of such Non-Defaulting Bank s increased exposure following such reallocation. 
 SECTION 2.18. Extension of Maturity Date . (a) The Company may, by delivery of a Maturity Date Extension Request to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly deliver a copy thereof to each of the Banks) not less than 30 days, or more than 90 days, prior to the then existing Maturity Date (the Existing Maturity Date ), request that the Banks extend the Maturity Date for an additional period of one year with respect to all or part of their respective Commitments in accordance with this Section 2.18 provided , that in no case shall the Maturity Date, as so extended, be later than February 24, 2030. Each Maturity Date Extension Request shall (i) specify the date to which the Maturity Date is sought to be extended, (ii) specify the changes, if any, to the Applicable Commitment Fee Rate, Applicable Letter of Credit Commission and Applicable Margin to be applied in determining the interest payable on Loans of, and fees payable hereunder to, Consenting Banks in respect of that portion of their Commitments (and related Loans) extended to such new Maturity Date and the time as of which such changes will become effective (which may be prior to the Existing Maturity Date), and (iii) specify any other amendments or modifications to this Agreement to be effected in connection with such Maturity Date Extension Request, provided that no such changes or modifications requiring approvals pursuant to Section 9.05 other than that of the Required Banks shall become effective unless such other approvals have been obtained. In the event a Maturity Date Extension Request shall have been delivered by the Company, each Bank shall have the right to agree to or decline the extension of the Maturity Date and other matters contemplated thereby on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein (each Bank agreeing to the Maturity Date Extension Request being referred to herein as a Consenting Bank and each Bank not agreeing thereto being referred to herein as a Declining Bank ), which right may be exercised by written notice thereof, specifying the maximum amount of the Commitment of such Bank with respect to which such Bank agrees to the extension of the Maturity Date, delivered to the Company (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) not later than a day to be agreed upon by the Company and the Administrative Agent following the date on which the Maturity Date Extension Request shall have been delivered by the Company (it being understood that any Bank that shall have failed to exercise such right as set forth above shall be deemed to be a Declining Bank). If a Bank elects to extend only a portion of its then existing Commitment, it will be deemed for purposes hereof to be a Consenting Bank in respect of such extended portion and a Declining Bank in respect of the remaining portion of its Commitment. If Banks constituting the Required Banks shall have agreed to such Maturity Date Extension Request in respect of Commitments constituting a majority of the aggregate Commitments, then, subject to paragraph (d) of this Section, on the date specified in the Maturity Date Extension Request as the effective date thereof (the Extension Effective Date ), (i) the Maturity Date shall, as to the Consenting Banks, be extended to such date as shall be specified therein, (ii) the terms and conditions of the Commitments and Loans of the Consenting Banks (including interest and fees (including Letter of Credit fees) payable in respect thereof), shall be modified as set forth in the Maturity Date Extension Request and (iii) such other modifications and amendments hereto specified in the Maturity Date Extension Request shall (subject to any required approvals other than those of the Required Banks having been obtained) become effective. 
 (b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall have the right, in accordance with the provisions of Sections 8.06 and 9.06, at any time prior to the Existing Maturity Date, to replace a Declining Bank (for the avoidance of doubt, only in respect of that portion of such Bank s Commitment that it has not agreed to extend) with a Bank or other financial institution that will agree to such Maturity Date Extension Request, and any such replacement Bank shall for all purposes constitute a Consenting Bank in respect of the Commitment assigned to and assumed by it on and after the effective time of such replacement. 
 51 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

(c) If a Maturity Date Extension Request has become effective hereunder, on the Existing Maturity Date 
 (i) the Company shall (A) make such prepayments of Loans or (B) terminate or provide cash collateral for such Letters of Credit in accordance with Section 2.03(e), in each case as shall be required in order that, upon giving effect to the termination and permanent reductions of the Commitments of Declining Banks and Consenting Banks, as applicable, pursuant to clause (ii) below, and all payments to such Declining Banks and Consenting Banks, as applicable, the aggregate Credit Exposures do not exceed the aggregate Commitments and 
 (ii) the Commitment of each Declining Bank shall, to the extent not assumed, assigned or transferred as provided in paragraph (b) of this Section, terminate, and the Company shall repay all the Loans of such Declining Bank, to the extent such Loans shall not have been so purchased, assigned and transferred, in each case together with accrued and unpaid interest and all fees and other amounts owing to such Declining Bank hereunder (accordingly, the Commitment of any Consenting Bank shall, to the extent such Commitment exceeds the amount set forth in the notice delivered by such Bank pursuant to paragraph (a) of this Section, be permanently reduced by the amount of such excess, and the Company shall prepay the proportionate part of the Loans of such Consenting Bank, in each case together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon to but excluding the Existing Maturity Date and all fees and other amounts payable in respect thereof on or prior to the Existing Maturity Date). 
 (d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Maturity Date Extension Request shall become effective hereunder unless, on the Extension Effective Date, the conditions set forth in Section 3.01 shall be satisfied (with all references in such Section to the making of a Loan being deemed to be references to such Maturity Date Extension Request) and the Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate to that effect dated such date and executed by a Financial Officer. 
 (e) Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, it is hereby agreed that no extension of the Maturity Date in accordance with the express terms of this Section 2.18, or any amendment or modification of the terms and conditions of the Commitments and Loans and Letters of Credit of the Consenting Banks effected pursuant thereto, shall be deemed to (i) violate Section 2.13(b), clause (ii) of Section 2.13(c), Section 9.04 or any other provision of this Agreement requiring the ratable reduction of Commitments or the ratable sharing of payments or (ii) require the consent of all Banks or all affected Banks under Section 9.05. 
 (f) Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of any Bank then serving (or whose designated Affiliate is then serving) as a Fronting Issuing Bank, (i) the Fronted LC Commitment of such Bank (or such designated Affiliate) shall not be extended in connection with an extension of such Bank s Commitment unless so specified by such Bank (or such designated Affiliate), in its capacity as Fronting Issuing Bank, in a written notice to the Company and (ii) no Fronting Issuing Bank that is a Declining Bank shall be required to issue, amend or extend a Fronted Letter of Credit such that such Fronted Letter of Credit expires later than five Domestic Business Days prior to the Existing Maturity Date. 
 (g) The Company and the Administrative Agent may enter into an amendment to this Agreement to effect such modifications as may be necessary to reflect the terms of any Maturity Date Extension Request that has been approved by the Required Banks and become effective in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.18. 
 52 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

ARTICLE1. CONDITIONS 
 SECTION 3.01. Each Credit Extension . The obligation of each Bank to make any Loan or issue, amend, renew or extend any Letter of Credit is subject to the satisfaction (or waiver in accordance with Section 9.05) of the following conditions 
 (a) in the case of a Letter of Credit, receipt by the Administrative Agent of a notice of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension, as the case may be, with respect to such Letter of Credit, as required by Section 2.01(b), or, in the case of a Borrowing, receipt by the Administrative Agent of a Notice of Borrowing as required by Section 2.05(a) 
 (b) immediately before and after issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit or such Loan no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing 
 (c) the representations and warranties (other than the representations and warranties in Sections 4.04(d), Section 4.05 and with respect to the covenant in 5.10(b)) of the applicable Obligors contained in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date of such issuance, amendment or extension of such Letter of Credit or such Loan (except that such representations and warranties which are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect shall be true and correct in all respects) (or, if any such representation or warranty is expressly stated to have been made as of a specific date, as of such specific date) and 
 (d) solely with respect to the obligation of the GBSA Bank to make any Loan or issue, amend, renew or extend any Letter of Credit, the Obligors shall be in compliance with the covenant in Section 5.10(b) in all material respects on and as of the date of such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit or such Loan provided, for the avoidance of doubt, that the failure of this Section 3.01(d) to be satisfied shall not excuse any Bank (other than the GBSA Bank) from such Bank s obligation to make any Loan or issue, amend, renew or extend any Letter of Credit to the extent the other conditions set forth in this Section 3.01 are satisfied. At the time a GBSA Bank does not make any Loan or issue, amend, renew or extend any Letter of Credit solely due to failure of the Obligors to satisfy this Section 3.01(d), such GBSA Bank shall be treated as a Defaulting Bank as set forth in Section 2.17. 
 The making of any Loan and each issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit hereunder shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Company on the date of such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension or Loan, as the case may be, as to the satisfaction of the conditions specified in clauses (b) and (c) of this Section 3.01. 
 SECTION 3.02. Effectiveness . This Agreement shall become effective on the first date that all of the following conditions shall have been satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.05) 
 (a) receipt by the Administrative Agent of counterparts of this Agreement signed by each of the Persons listed on the signature pages hereto (or, in the case of any Bank as to which an executed counterpart shall not have been received, receipt by the Administrative Agent in form satisfactory to it of electronic mail or other written confirmation from such Bank of execution and delivery of a counterpart hereof by such Bank) 
 53 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

(b) receipt by the Administrative Agent of a customary legal opinion of external counsel to the Company addressed to it and the Banks and dated the Effective Date, covering such customary matters relating to the Obligors, this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request (and the Company hereby requests such counsel to deliver such opinions) 
 (c) receipt by the Administrative Agent of a certificate, dated the Effective Date and signed by a Financial Officer of the Company, certifying (i) (x) that the representations and warranties contained in this Agreement shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of such date (except that such representations and warranties which are qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect shall be true and correct in all respects) (or, if any such representation or warranty is expressly stated to have been made as of a specific date, as of such specific date) and (y) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and (ii) as to clause (g) of this Section 3.02 
 (d) receipt by the Administrative Agent of such documents and certificates as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request relating to the organization, existence and good standing of the Obligors, the authorization of the transactions contemplated hereby and any other legal matters relating to each of the Obligors, this Agreement or the transaction contemplated hereby as are customary for financings of this type, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, including a certified copy of the resolutions (or equivalent approvals) of the Board of Directors (or equivalent governing body) of each Obligor authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and other Credit Documents 
 (e) receipt by the Administrative Agent (for the benefit of it and any applicable Bank), at least two Domestic Business Days prior to the Effective Date, of (i) all documentation and other information required by bank regulatory authorities under know your customer rules and regulations and Anti-Money Laundering Laws, including the PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, and (ii) to the extent the Company or any Subsidiary Account Party qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to the Company and each such Subsidiary Account Party, in the case of each of clauses (i) and (ii), that has been reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent (on behalf of itself or any Bank) in writing no later than seven Domestic Business Days prior to the Effective Date 
 (f) receipt by the Administrative Agent of evidence as of the Effective Date as to payment of all fees required to be paid, and all expenses required to be paid or reimbursed for which invoices have been presented (including, without limitation, fees and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent required to be paid as of the Effective Date and invoiced at least three Domestic Business Days prior to the Effective Date) in connection with this Agreement, on or before the Effective Date 
 (g) there shall not have occurred a material adverse change since December 31, 2021 in the financial condition of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, taken as a whole 
 (h) receipt by the Administrative Agent of counterparts of a Note signed by the Company in favor of each Bank that has requested a Note at least two Domestic Business Days prior to the Effective Date and 
 (i) receipt by the Administrative Agent of evidence that the Existing Credit Agreement, all obligations thereunder (other than any contingent obligations), and any 
 54 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

commitments thereunder have been or are, substantially concurrently with the occurrence of the Effective Date, satisfied or terminated. 
 The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Company and the Banks of the Effective Date, and such notice shall be conclusive and binding on all parties hereto. 
 ARTICLE IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 The Company represents and warrants on the Effective Date and each other date as and to the extent required by the Credit Documents, that 
 SECTION 4.01. Corporate Existence and Power . The Company (a) is a corporation duly incorporated and validly existing under the laws of the State of Delaware, (b) has (i) all corporate power and authority and (ii) all material governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals required, in each case, to own or lease its assets and carry on its business as now conducted and (c) is duly qualified and is licensed and, as applicable, in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification or license, except in each case referred to in the foregoing clauses (b)(ii) and (c) to the extent that such failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 4.02. Corporate and Governmental Authorization Contravention . The execution, delivery and performance by each Obligor of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents to which it is a party are within such Obligor s corporate, limited liability or partnership powers, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate, limited liability company or partnership action, require no action by or in respect of, or filing with, any governmental body, agency or official (except such as have been completed or made and are in full force and effect) and do not contravene, or constitute a default under, any provision of (x) applicable law or regulation, (y) the articles of incorporation or by-laws or other constituent documents of such Obligor or (z) any material agreement, judgment, injunction, order, decree or other instrument binding upon any Obligor or any Material Subsidiary or result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of any Obligor or any Material Subsidiary, except in each case referred to in the foregoing clauses (x) and (z) to the extent such contravention or default, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 4.03. Binding Effect . This Agreement and the other Credit Documents to which it is a party constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of each of the Obligors, in each case enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, except as the same may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting creditors rights generally and by general principles of equity. 
 SECTION 4.04. Financial Information No Material Adverse Change . (a) The consolidated balance sheets of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity and cash flows for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, reported on by KPMG LLP, a copy of which has been delivered to the Administrative Agent on behalf of each of the Banks, fairly present, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles, the consolidated financial position of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as of the last day of such fiscal year and their consolidated results of operations and changes in financial position for the period covered by such financial statements. 
 55 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

(b) The unaudited consolidated balance sheets of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as of September 30, 2022 and the related unaudited consolidated statements of income and equity for the nine-month period then ended, a copy of which has been delivered to the Administrative Agent on behalf of each of the Banks, fairly present, in conformity, subject only to year-end adjustments and the absence of footnotes, with generally accepted accounting principles, the consolidated financial position of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as of such date and their consolidated results of operations for such period . 
 (c) A copy of a duly completed and signed annual Statutory Statement or other similar report of or for each Insurance Subsidiary that is a Material Subsidiary or Subsidiary Account Party in the form filed with the governmental body, agency or official which regulates insurance companies in the jurisdiction in which such Insurance Subsidiary is domiciled for either (i) in the case of the representations and warranties made on the Effective Date, the year ended December 31, 2021 or (ii) otherwise, the year ended December 31, 2022, has been delivered to the Administrative Agent on behalf of each of the Banks and fairly presents, in accordance with SAP, the information contained therein. 
 (d) Since the last day of the fiscal year referenced in clause (a) of this Section 4.04, there has been no material adverse change in the business, financial condition or operations of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries, considered as a whole provided that the representation and warranty set forth in this clause (d) shall only be made on the Effective Date. 
 SECTION 4.05. Litigation Environmental Matters . (a) As of the Effective Date, there is no action, suit or proceeding pending, or to the knowledge of the Company threatened, against any of the Obligors or any of the Company s Material Subsidiaries before any court or arbitrator or any governmental body, agency or official (i) which has or would be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or (ii) which in any manner draws into question the validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any other Credit Document. 
 (b) The Company has reasonably concluded that its, its Material Subsidiaries and the Subsidiary Account Parties compliance with Environmental Laws is unlikely to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 4.06. Compliance with ERISA . Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, each member of the ERISA Group has fulfilled its obligations under the minimum funding standards of ERISA and the Code with respect to each Plan and is in compliance in all material respects with the presently applicable provisions of ERISA and the Code with respect to each Plan. Except as would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, no member of the ERISA Group has (i) sought a waiver of the minimum funding standard under Section 412 of the Code in respect of any Plan, (ii) failed to make any required contribution or payment to any Plan or Multiemployer Plan or in respect of any Benefit Arrangement, or made any amendment to any Plan or Benefit Arrangement, which has resulted or could result in the imposition of a Lien or the posting of a bond or other security under ERISA or the Code (other than a bond or other security required in connection with the creation and adoption of a pension plan for the Company) or (iii) incurred any liability under Title IV of ERISA other than a liability to the PBGC for premiums under Section 4007 of ERISA. 
 SECTION 4.07. Taxes . The Company and its Material Subsidiaries have filed all income Tax returns and all other material Tax returns and reports which are required to be filed by them and have paid all Taxes due pursuant to such returns or pursuant to any assessment received by the Company or any Material Subsidiary, except for any such Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which adequate reserves have been made, or 
 56 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

except in each case to the extent that the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 4.08. Subsidiaries . Each of the Company s Material Subsidiaries and each Subsidiary Account Party (a) is a corporation or limited liability company that is (i) duly incorporated or organized and validly existing and (ii) (except where such concept is not applicable) in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation or formation, (b) has all corporate or limited liability power (as applicable) and authority and all material governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals, in each case, required to own or lease its assets and carry on its business as now conducted and (c) is duly qualified and is licensed and, as applicable, in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification or license, except in each case referred to in the foregoing clauses (a)(ii), (b) and (c) to the extent that such failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 4.09. Not an Investment Company . None of the Obligors is an investment company as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
 SECTION 4.10. Obligations to be Pari Passu . The obligations of each Obligor under this Agreement and each other Credit Document to which it is a party rank pari passu as to priority of payment and in all other respects with all other material unsecured and unsubordinated Debt of such Obligor, with the exception of those obligations that are mandatorily preferred by law and not by contract. 
 SECTION 4.11. No Default . No event has occurred and is continuing which constitutes, or which, with the passage of time or the giving of notice or both, would constitute, a default under or in respect of any material agreement, instrument or undertaking to which any Obligor or any Material Subsidiary is a party or by which any Obligor or any Material Subsidiary or any of their respective assets is bound, unless such default would not have or be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 SECTION 4.12. Material Subsidiaries and Subsidiary Account Parties . Set forth as Schedule II hereto is a true, correct and complete list of each Material Subsidiary and Subsidiary Account Party, in each case designated as such, as of the date hereof. 
 SECTION 4.13. Full Disclosure . None of the reports, financial statements, certificates or other written information furnished by or on the behalf of the Company to the Administrative Agent or any Bank in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents or delivered hereunder or thereunder (in each case, as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished and taken as a whole) contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading in any material respect, when taken as a whole, as of the date made provided that, (i) with respect to projected or pro forma financial information and other forward-looking information, the Company represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time furnished (it being understood that such projections and forecasts are not to be viewed as facts, are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the control of the Company and its Subsidiaries, that no assurance is given that any particular projections or forecasts will be realized, that actual results may differ and that such differences may be material) and (ii) with respect to statements, information and reports derived from Persons unaffiliated with the Company, the Company represents that it has no knowledge of any material misstatement therein. 
 57 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

SECTION 4.14. Hybrid Instruments . Set forth as Schedule III hereto is a true, correct and complete list of each Hybrid Instrument of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries outstanding as of the date hereof, specifying in each case the equity credit treatment given to each such Hybrid Instrument by S&P and or Moody s as of the Effective Date. 
 SECTION 4.15. Margin Regulations . No Letter of Credit or proceeds of Loans will be used, whether directly or, to the Company s knowledge, indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the Regulations of the FRB, including Regulations T, U and X. After the application of the proceeds of any Loan made hereunder or the issuance of any Letter of Credit hereunder, not more than 25 of the value (as determined by any reasonable method) of the assets of any of the Obligors is represented by Margin Stock. 
 SECTION 4.16. Sanctioned Persons Anti-Corruption Laws PATRIOT Act . None of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or, to the knowledge of the Company, any of their respective directors, officers, employees or agents is the target of any sanctions or economic embargoes administered or enforced by the U.S. Department of State, the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of Treasury, the European Union, France or His Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom, in each case, to the extent applicable (collectively, Sanctions , and the associated laws, rules, regulations and orders, collectively, Sanctions Laws ). Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers and, to the knowledge of the Company, employees and agents is in compliance, in all material respects, with (i) all Sanctions Laws, (ii) the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and any other applicable anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws, rules, regulations and orders (collectively, Anti-Corruption Laws and (iii) applicable provisions of the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001) the PATRIOT Act and any other applicable terrorism and money laundering laws, rules, regulations and orders (collectively, Anti-Money Laundering Laws ), except in each case to the extent that such non-compliance therewith would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or reasonably be expected to result in the Administrative Agent, any Bank, any Joint Lead Arranger or any Participant violating any such Sanctions Laws, Anti-Corruption Laws or Anti-Money Laundering Laws. No part of the proceeds of the Loans or Letters of Credit will be used by any Obligor, directly or knowingly indirectly, (A) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities or business of or with, or making any payments to, any Person or in any country or territory that, at the time of such funding, financing or facilitating, is the target of Sanctions Laws in violation of applicable Sanctions Laws or (B) for any payments to any governmental official or employee, political party, official of a political party, candidate for political office, or anyone else acting in an official capacity, in order to obtain, retain or direct business or obtain any improper advantage, in violation of any Anti-Corruption Law. 
 SECTION 4.17. Affected Financial Institutions . No Obligor is an Affected Financial Institution. 
 ARTICLE V COVENANTS 
 Until all Commitments have expired or been terminated, the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder shall have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit shall have expired or terminated or been cash collateralized to the satisfaction of the Administrative Agent and the relevant Banks and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed, the Company agrees that 
 SECTION 5.01. Information . The Company will deliver to each of the Banks 
 58 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

(a) on or before the date on which such financial statements are required to be filed with the SEC (or, if the Company is not required to file such financial statements with the SEC, no later than 90 days after the end of the applicable fiscal year of the Company (beginning with such financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022)), the consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as of the end of each fiscal year completed after the Effective Date and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity and cash flows for such fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all reported on in a manner acceptable to the SEC by KPMG LLP or other independent public accountants of nationally recognized standing 
 (b) on or before the date on which such financial statements are required to be filed with the SEC (or, if the Company is not required to file such financial statements with the SEC, 45 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Company), the consolidated balance sheet of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as of the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year (commencing with the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2023) and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity and cash flows for such quarter and for the portion of the Company s fiscal year ended at the end of such quarter, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding quarter and the corresponding portion of the Company s previous fiscal year, all certified (subject to normal year-end adjustments and, to the extent permitted by Regulation S-X, the absence of footnotes) as to fairness of presentation, generally accepted accounting principles and consistency with the most recent audited consolidated financial statements of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries delivered to the Banks (except for changes concurred in by the Company s independent public accountants) by a Financial Officer 
 (c) (I) substantially concurrently with the delivery of each set of financial statements referred to in clauses (a) and (b) above a certificate of a Financial Officer of the Company (i) setting forth in reasonable detail the calculations required to establish whether the Company was in compliance with the requirements of Section 5.07 on the date of such financial statements, (ii) stating that such Financial Officer, as the case may be, has no knowledge of any Default existing on the date of such certificate or, if such Financial Officer has knowledge of the existence on such date of any Default, setting forth the details thereof and the action which the Company is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto, and (iii) a reconciliation to such financial statements of any inclusions to, or exclusions from, the calculations of Adjusted Consolidated Net Worth, Consolidated Total Indebtedness and Consolidated Total Capitalization, and (II) simultaneously with the delivery of each set of financial statements referred to in clause (a) and (b) above a certificate of a Financial Officer of the Company specifying any changes to the list of Material Subsidiaries as of the last day of the fiscal period to which such financial statements relate 
 (d) within ten days after the required date for filing with such governmental body, agency or official (after giving effect to any extensions granted by such governmental body, agency or official), a copy of a duly completed and signed annual Statutory Statement (or any successor form thereto) required to be filed by each Insurance Subsidiary that is a Material Subsidiary with the governmental body, agency or official which regulates insurance companies in the jurisdiction in which such Insurance Subsidiary is domiciled, in the form submitted to such governmental body, agency or official 
 59 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

(e) within ten days after the required date for filing with such governmental body, agency or official (after giving effect to any extensions granted by such governmental body, agency or official), a copy of a duly completed and signed quarterly Statutory Statement (or any successor form thereto) required to be filed by each Insurance Subsidiary that is a Material Subsidiary with the governmental body, agency or official which regulates insurance companies in the jurisdiction in which such Insurance Subsidiary is domiciled, in the form submitted to such governmental body, agency or official (it being understood and agreed that the Obligors shall have no obligation to deliver quarterly Statutory Statements if the filing of quarterly Statutory Statements is not required by the applicable government agency, body or official) 
 (f) within five Domestic Business Days of any Financial Officer of the Company learning of the occurrence of any Default, a certificate of a Financial Officer of the Company setting forth the details thereof and the action which the Company is taking or proposes to take with respect thereto 
 (g) promptly following a request therefor, any documentation or other information required by bank regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer rules and regulations, the PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, as from time to time reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Bank 
 (h) promptly upon the filing thereof, copies of all registration statements (other than the exhibits thereto and any registration statements on Form S-8 or its equivalent) and reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K (or their equivalents) which the Company shall have filed with the SEC 
 (i) promptly after Moody s or S&P shall have announced a change in the rating established or deemed to have been established for the Index Debt, written notice of such rating change and 
 (j) except to the extent prohibited by applicable law, regulatory policy, or regulatory restriction (as determined in the reasonable good faith judgment of the Company), from time to time such additional information regarding the financial position or business of the Company as the Administrative Agent (on behalf of itself or any Bank) may reasonably request provided that neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall be required to disclose any (i) trade secrets or proprietary information of the Company or its Subsidiaries, (ii) information subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product to the extent disclosure thereof would be reasonably likely to impair such privilege or (iii) information subject to confidentiality obligations to third parties the disclosure of which would reasonably be likely to cause the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to be in breach of such obligations. 
 Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Sections 5.01(a), (b), (d), (e) or (h) may be delivered electronically on the following Internet websites (a) the Company s website at an address to be designated in writing to the Administrative Agent, (b) with respect to Sections 5.01(a), (b) or (h) the SEC s website www.sec.gov (to the extent that any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) or (c) such other third party website that shall have been identified by the Company in a notice to the Administrative Agent and the Banks and that is accessible by the Banks without charge, and in each case if so delivered shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date such materials are publicly available provided , that (i) the Company shall deliver electronic copies of such information to any Bank promptly upon the request of such Bank through the Administrative Agent and (ii) the Company shall have notified the Administrative Agent of the posting of such documents delivered pursuant 
 60 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

to Sections 5.01(a), (b), (d) and (e). The Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to request the delivery of or to maintain paper copies of the documents referred to above, and in any event shall have no responsibility to monitor compliance by the Company with any such request by a Bank for delivery, and each Bank shall be solely responsible for requesting delivery to it or maintaining its copies of such documents. 
 SECTION 5.02. Payment of Tax Obligations . Each Obligor will pay and discharge, and the Company will cause each Material Subsidiary to pay and discharge, at or before maturity, all their respective material Tax obligations and liabilities that if not paid, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, except where (a) the same may be contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and such Obligor or such Material Subsidiary has set aside, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, appropriate reserves for the accrual of any of the same or (b) the failure to make payment pending such contest would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, an obligation shall be considered to be delinquent or in default for purposes of this Section 5.02 only if there has first been notice and demand therefor (as defined in Section 6306 of the Code and similar provisions of applicable Law) by a tax authority. 
 SECTION 5.03. Conduct of Business and Maintenance of Existence . The Company will continue, and will cause each Material Subsidiary and Subsidiary Account Party to continue, to engage in the business of insurance and or investment management or businesses incidental, related or complementary thereto and will preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect, and will cause each Material Subsidiary and Subsidiary Account Party to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect (a) their respective corporate existence and (b) their respective rights, privileges, licenses and franchises, other than, in the case of the foregoing clause (b), the loss of which would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect except that if at the time thereof and immediately after giving effect thereto no Default has occurred and is continuing, (i) any Subsidiary may merge with or into the Company provided that the Company shall be the surviving entity, (ii) any Material Subsidiary or Subsidiary Account Party may merge with or into any other Subsidiary provided that such Material Subsidiary or Subsidiary Account Party shall be the surviving entity or, if such Material Subsidiary or Subsidiary Account Party is not the surviving entity, the surviving entity shall be deemed to be a Material Subsidiary or caused to become a Subsidiary Account Party in accordance with Section 9.13, as applicable, (iii) any Material Subsidiary or Subsidiary Account Party may sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of its assets to the Company or to another Material Subsidiary or Subsidiary Account Party and (iv) the Company or any Subsidiary Account Party may merge or consolidate with another Person in accordance with the terms of Section 5.09. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may liquidate or dissolve any Subsidiary if (i) the board of directors of the Company determines in good faith that such liquidation or dissolution is in the best interests of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (ii) the assets of such liquidated or dissolved Subsidiary are received by (x) in the case of the liquidation or dissolution of a Material Subsidiary, a Material Subsidiary or the Company, (y) in the case of the liquidation or dissolution of a Subsidiary Account Party, a Subsidiary Account Party or the Company or (z) in the case of any other liquidation or dissolution, a Subsidiary or the Company and (iii) in the case of the liquidation or dissolution of a Subsidiary Account Party, such Subsidiary Account Party is terminated as a Subsidiary Account Party in accordance with the terms of Section 9.13(b). 
 SECTION 5.04. Maintenance of Property Insurance . (a) The Company will keep, and will cause each Material Subsidiary and Subsidiary Account Party to keep, all property useful and necessary in its business in good working order and condition, except, in each case, to the extent that failure to do so would not be reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 61 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

(b) The Company will maintain, and will cause each Material Subsidiary and Subsidiary Account Party to maintain (either in the name of the Company or in such Subsidiary s own name) with financially sound and responsible insurance companies, insurance on all their respective properties and against at least such risks, in each case as is consistent with sound business practice for companies in substantially the same industry as the Company and its Material Subsidiaries and Subsidiary Account Parties and the Company will furnish to the Banks, upon request from the Administrative Agent, information presented in reasonable detail as to the insurance so carried. 
 SECTION 5.05. Compliance with Laws . The Company will comply, and will cause each Material Subsidiary (and with respect to Sanctions Laws, each Subsidiary) to comply, in all material respects, with all applicable laws, ordinances, rules, regulations and requirements of governmental bodies, agencies and officials (including, without limitation, Sanctions Laws, Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws, Environmental Laws and ERISA and the rules and regulations thereunder) except (i) where the necessity of compliance therewith is contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings or (ii) where such non-compliance therewith would not (A) reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect and (B) in the case of the laws, rules, regulations and orders referred to in Section 4.16, reasonably be expected to result in the Administrative Agent, any Bank, any Joint Lead Arranger or any Participant violating such laws, rules, regulations or orders. 
 SECTION 5.06. Inspection of Property, Books and Records . The Company will keep, and will cause each Material Subsidiary and Subsidiary Account Party to keep, proper books of record and account in which entries that are full, true and correct in all material respects shall be made of all dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities and, subject in all cases to Section 9.11, will permit, and will cause each Material Subsidiary and Subsidiary Account Party to permit, representatives of the Administrative Agent to visit and inspect any of their respective properties, to examine and make abstracts from any of their respective books and records and to discuss their respective affairs, finances and accounts with their respective officers, employees, actuaries and independent public accountants, all upon reasonable notice, at such reasonable times during ordinary business hours provided that such inspections shall be limited to once per fiscal year of the Company, unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, in which case such inspection rights may be exercised as often as the Banks desire and at the expense of the Company provided , further , that neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall be required to disclose any (i) trade secrets or proprietary information of the Company or its Subsidiaries, (ii) information subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product to the extent disclosure thereof would be reasonably likely to impair such privilege or (iii) information subject to confidentiality obligations to third parties the disclosure of which would be reasonably likely to cause the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to be in breach of such obligations. 
 SECTION 5.07. Financial Covenants . (a) Minimum Adjusted Consolidated Net Worth . The Company will not permit its Adjusted Consolidated Net Worth, calculated as of the last day of each fiscal quarter, to be less than an amount equal to the sum of (i) 70 of the actual Adjusted Consolidated Net Worth of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries as of September 30, 2022 8,663,000,000), plus (to the extent positive) or minus (to the extent negative) (ii) 70 of the impact on such Adjusted Consolidated Net Worth resulting from the application of a one-time transition adjustment for the GAAP accounting change for insurance contracts set forth in the ASU, with such impact calculated as the change in amount between (x) the Adjusted Consolidated Net Worth as of December 31, 2022 (before the adoption of the ASU) and (y) the Adjusted Consolidated Net Worth as of December 31, 2022 (after the adoption of the ASU) expected to be disclosed on or about the same time as the financials for the fiscal quarter ending March 31, 2023 are reported through a public filing, plus (iii) 50 of the aggregate 
 62 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

amount of any increase in Adjusted Consolidated Net Worth resulting from Equity Issuances by the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries after September 30, 2022. 
 (b) Total Indebtedness to Total Capitalization Ratio . The Company will not permit the ratio of (i) (A) Consolidated Total Indebtedness plus (B) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Hybrid Instruments of the Company and its Consolidated Subsidiaries in excess of the Hybrid Instrument Amount to (ii) Consolidated Total Capitalization to exceed 0.35 to 1.00, calculated as of the last day of each fiscal quarter. 
 SECTION 5.08. Negative Pledge . The Company will not, and will not permit any Subsidiary to, create or suffer to exist any Lien (other than Liens securing Debt not prohibited under Section 5.12 hereof) upon (a) any present or future Capital Stock or any other Ownership Interests (as defined below) of any of its Material Subsidiaries (other than any Subsidiary established primarily for the purpose of reinsuring liabilities associated with the level premium term business, the universal life business with secondary guarantees or variable annuities of the Company or any Insurance Subsidiary), except, solely with respect to this clause (a), clauses (a) and (x) of the definition of Permitted Liens or (b) any other property or assets of the Company or any Material Subsidiary (other than any Insurance Subsidiary), except, solely in the case of this clause (b), any Permitted Liens. As used herein Ownership Interests means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares of Capital Stock of such Person and all debt securities of such Person that can be converted or exchanged for Capital Stock of such Person, whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such Capital Stock or debt securities are outstanding on any date of determination. 
 SECTION 5.09. Consolidations, Mergers and Sales of Assets . No Obligor will (a) consolidate or merge with or into any other Person or (b) sell, lease or otherwise transfer, directly or indirectly, all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any other Person provided , that the Company or any Subsidiary Account Party may merge or consolidate with another Person if (i) the Company or such Subsidiary Account Party, as applicable, is the corporation surviving such merger or consolidation or, in the case of a merger or consolidation by a Subsidiary Account Party with and into another Person where such other Person is the surviving entity, such Person meets the requirements for a Subsidiary Account Party set out in Section 9.13 and is or becomes a Subsidiary Account Party pursuant to Section 9.13 and (ii) immediately after giving effect to such merger or consolidation, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 
 SECTION 5.10. Use of Credit . (a) The Company shall use each Letter of Credit issued under this Agreement for its general corporate purposes, including, without limitation, to support variable annuity policy and reinsurance reserve credit requirements. The proceeds of each Loan made to the Company hereunder will be used for its general corporate purposes, including, without limitation, to finance the reimbursement of LC Disbursements as contemplated by Section 2.03(a). No Letter of Credit or proceeds of Loans will be used, whether directly or, to the Company s knowledge, indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the Regulations of the FRB, including Regulations T, U and X. After the application of the proceeds of any Loan made hereunder or the issuance of any Letter of Credit hereunder, not more than 25 of the value (as determined by any reasonable method) of the assets of any of the Obligors will be represented by Margin Stock. 
 (b) Until the earlier of the date on which (x) the Commitments have expired or been terminated and all Obligations shall have been paid in full, (y) Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch or any Affiliate thereof is no longer a Bank subject to the GBSA (the GBSA Bank or (z) the GBSA Bank is no longer a Bank hereunder, the Company and each Subsidiary Account Party covenants and agrees solely with the GBSA Bank that no portion of any Loan will be used to make loans or advances (or to refinance loans or advances), directly or indirectly, to 
 63 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

any AIF or AIFM or otherwise to be used to finance any investment on behalf of any AIF or AIFM. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may use the proceeds of any Loan or Letter of Credit to make loans or advances to an AIFM if used solely for such AIFM s working capital purposes or other administrative expenditures. 
 SECTION 5.11. Obligations to be Pari Passu . The obligations of each Obligor under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents to which it is a party will rank at all times pari passu as to priority of payment and in all other respects with all other material unsecured and unsubordinated Debt of the such Obligor, with the exception of those obligations that are mandatorily preferred by law and not by contract. 
 SECTION 5.12. Certain Debt . The Company will not at any time permit the sum of (a) Non-Operating Indebtedness of the Company that is secured by a Lien on any property or assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries and (b) Non-Operating Indebtedness of the Subsidiaries of the Company to exceed 500,000,000 at any time outstanding, except (i) Debt set forth in Schedule IV hereto and any Permitted Refinancing thereof and (ii) Debt of any Subsidiary of the Company owing to the Company or another Subsidiary of the Company. 
 ARTICLE VI 
 DEFAULTS 
 
 SECTION 6.01. Events of Default . If one or more of the following events Events of Default shall have occurred and be continuing 
 (a) (i) any Obligor shall fail to pay when due any principal of any Loan or any reimbursement obligation in respect of an LC Disbursement or (ii) any Obligor shall fail to pay when due any interest on any Loan or LC Disbursement or any fees or any other amounts payable hereunder and such failure under this clause (ii) shall continue for five Domestic Business Days 
 (b) any Obligor shall fail to observe or perform any covenant of such Obligor contained in Sections 5.01(f), 5.03(a), 5.07 through 5.12 (other than 5.10(b)), inclusive, or its obligations to provide cash collateral pursuant to the last sentence of Section 2.01(d) 
 (c) any Obligor shall fail to observe or perform any covenant or agreement of such Obligor contained in this Agreement (other than Section 5.10(b)) or the other Credit Documents (other than those covered by clause (a) or (b) above) for 30 days after written notice thereof has been given to the Company by the Administrative Agent at the request of any Bank 
 (d) any representation, warranty, certification or statement made by any Obligor in this Agreement, any other Credit Document or in any certificate, financial statement or other document delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect when made (or deemed made) 
 (e) any Obligor or any Material Subsidiary shall (i) fail to make any payment in respect of any Debt (other than Loans or other extensions of credit hereunder) having a principal amount then outstanding of not less than 150,000,000 when due, and such failure shall continue beyond any applicable grace period or (ii) fail to make any payment in respect of any Derivative Financial Product when due, and such failure shall continue beyond any applicable grace period (and for this clause (ii) excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any amount the payment of which is being disputed in good faith in accordance with the dispute resolution procedures provided for in the contract governing such Derivative Financial Product), the non-payment of which would 
 64 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

give rise to any Obligor or Material Subsidiary owing Material Unpaid Derivative Product Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount exceeding 150,000,000, in the case of each of clauses (i) and (ii), except where such non-payment has been cured or waived prior to the exercise of any remedies under this Article VI (including, but not limited to, the termination of the Commitments hereunder) 
 (f) any event or condition shall occur which results in the acceleration of the maturity of any Debt (other than Loans or other extensions of credit hereunder) having a principal or face amount then outstanding of not less than 150,000,000 of any Obligor or any Material Subsidiary, or an early termination event shall arise with respect to any Derivative Financial Product that creates, after taking into account the effect of any legally enforceable netting agreement relating to such Derivative Financial Product (including any applicable grace or cure period thereunder), a Material Unpaid Derivative Product Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount exceeding 150,000,000, except where such early termination event has been cured or waived prior to the exercise of any remedies under this Article VI (including, but not limited to, the termination of the Commitments hereunder) 
 (g) any Obligor or any Material Subsidiary shall commence a voluntary case or other proceeding seeking rehabilitation, dissolution, conservation, liquidation, reorganization or other relief with respect to itself or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment of a trustee, receiver, liquidator, rehabilitator, dissolver, conservator, custodian or other similar official of it or any substantial part of its property, or shall consent to any such relief or to the appointment of or taking possession by any such official in an involuntary case or other proceeding commenced against it, or shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or shall fail generally to pay its debts as they become due, or shall take any corporate action to authorize any of the foregoing 
 (h) an involuntary case or other proceeding shall be commenced against any Obligor or any Material Subsidiary seeking rehabilitation, dissolution, conservation, liquidation, reorganization or other relief with respect to it or its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law now or hereafter in effect or seeking the appointment of a trustee, receiver, liquidator, rehabilitator, dissolver, conservator, custodian or other similar official of it or any substantial part of its property, and such involuntary case or other proceeding shall remain undismissed and unstayed for a period of 60 days or an order for relief shall be entered against any Obligor or any such Material Subsidiary under the federal bankruptcy laws as now or hereafter in effect or any governmental body, agency or official shall apply for, or commence a case or other proceeding to seek, an order for the rehabilitation, conservation, dissolution or other liquidation of any Obligor or any Material Subsidiary or of the assets or any substantial part thereof of any Obligor and any Material Subsidiary or any other similar remedy 
 (i) any of the following events or conditions shall occur, which, in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to involve possible Taxes, penalties and other liabilities in an aggregate amount that results in a Material Adverse Effect (i) any member of the ERISA Group shall fail to pay when due any amount or amounts which it shall have become liable to pay under Title IV of ERISA (ii) notice of intent to terminate a Plan shall be filed under Title IV of ERISA by any member of the ERISA Group, any plan administrator therefor or any combination of the foregoing (iii) the PBGC shall institute proceedings under Title IV of ERISA to terminate, to impose liability (other than for premiums under Section 4007 of ERISA) in respect of, or to cause a trustee to be appointed to administer, any Plan (iv) a condition shall exist by reason of which the PBGC would reasonably be expected to obtain a decree adjudicating that any Plan must be terminated or (v) there shall occur a complete withdrawal, as described in Section 4203 of ERISA, or partial withdrawal, as described in Section 4205 of ERISA, from, or a default, within the meaning of Section 4219(c)(5) of ERISA, with respect to, one or more Multiemployer Plans 
 65 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

(j) a judgment or order for the payment of money in excess of 150,000,000 (to the extent not covered by independent third-party insurance or reinsurance and, for the avoidance of doubt, net of any such coverage) shall be rendered against any Obligor or a Material Subsidiary and such judgment or order shall continue unsatisfied, undischarged and unstayed for a period of 60 days after entry of such judgment (and, for purposes of this clause, a judgment shall be stayed if, among other things, an appeal is timely filed and such judgment cannot be enforced) 
 (k) a Change of Control shall have occurred or 
 (l) at any time after the execution and delivery thereof any Obligor shall contest the validity or enforceability of any Credit Document in writing or deny in writing that it has any further liability, including with respect to future advances by the Banks, under any Credit Document to which it is a party 
 then, and in every such event, and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent shall, if requested by the Required Banks, by notice to the Company take any or all of the following actions, at the same or different times (i) terminate the Commitments and they shall thereupon terminate, (ii) declare the Loans then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), and thereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Company accrued hereunder shall become due and payable immediately, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Company, (iii) demand cash collateral from the relevant Obligors in immediately available funds in an amount equal to the then aggregate undrawn amount of all Letters of Credit pursuant to Section 2.03(e) and (iv) enforce any remedies in respect of assets subject to a security interest in favor of the Administrative Agent, including applying any cash collateral to repay any outstanding Obligations provided that, in the case of any of the Events of Default specified in clause (g) or (h) above with respect to the Company, without any notice to the Company or any other act by the Administrative Agent or the Banks, the Commitments shall thereupon terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Company accrued hereunder, and the obligations to provide cash collateral under clause (iii) above, shall automatically become due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Company. 
 SECTION 6.02. Notice of Default . The Administrative Agent shall give notice to the Company under Section 6.01(c) promptly upon being requested to do so by any Bank and shall thereupon notify all the Banks thereof. 
 ARTICLE VII THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 SECTION 7.01. Appointment and Authorization . Each Bank irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such action as agent on its behalf and to exercise such powers under this Agreement and the other Credit Documents as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with all such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. 
 SECTION 7.02. Agent s Fee . The Company shall pay to the Administrative Agent for its own account fees in the amounts and at the times previously agreed upon between the Company and the Administrative Agent. 
 66 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

SECTION 7.03. Agent and Affiliates . Bank of America shall have the same rights and powers under this Agreement as any other Bank and may exercise or refrain from exercising the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent, and Bank of America and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, and generally engage in any kind of business with the Company or any Subsidiary or Affiliate of any thereof as if it were not the Administrative Agent hereunder. 
 SECTION 7.04. Action by Agent . The obligations of the Administrative Agent hereunder are only those expressly set forth herein. The Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action permitted to be taken by it pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, unless it shall be requested in writing to do so by the Required Banks. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action with respect to any Default, except as expressly provided in Article VI. The Administrative Agent shall have no duty to disclose to the Banks information that is not required to be furnished by the Company to the Administrative Agent at such time, but is voluntarily furnished by the Company to the Administrative Agent (either in its capacity as Administrative Agent or in its individual capacity). 
 SECTION 7.05. Consultation with Experts . The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Company), independent public accountants and other experts selected by it and shall not be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants or experts. 
 SECTION 7.06. Liability of Agent . Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its directors, officers, agents or employees shall be liable to any Bank for any action taken or not taken by it in connection herewith (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Banks or (ii) in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default or Event of Default unless and until written notice thereof is given to the Administrative Agent by the Company or a Bank stating that a Default or Event of Default has occurred and specifying the nature thereof. Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its directors, officers, agents or employees shall be responsible to any Bank for or have any duty to any Bank to ascertain, inquire into or verify (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in connection with this Agreement or any borrowing hereunder or the issuance, renewal, amendment or extension of any Letter of Credit (ii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants or agreements of any Obligor (iii) the satisfaction of any condition specified in Article III, except receipt of items required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent (iv) the validity, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Credit Document or any other instrument or writing furnished in connection herewith (v) the existence or possible existence of any Default or Event of Default (vi) the financial condition of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (vii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or in connection herewith. The Administrative Agent shall not incur any liability by acting in reliance upon any notice, consent, certificate, statement, or other writing believed by it in good faith to be genuine or to be signed by the proper party or parties. 
 SECTION 7.07. Indemnification . Each Bank shall, ratably in accordance with its Commitment (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought), indemnify and hold harmless the Administrative Agent (to the extent not reimbursed by the Company) against any cost, expense (including counsel fees and disbursements), claim, demand, action, loss or liability (except such as result from the Administrative Agent s gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction) that the Administrative Agent may suffer or incur in connection with this Agreement or any action taken or omitted by the Administrative Agent hereunder. The Administrative Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action hereunder 
 67 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

unless it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the Banks pro rata against any and all liability, cost and expense that it may incur by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. 
 SECTION 7.08. Credit Decision . Each Bank acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Bank, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Bank also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Bank, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking any action under this Agreement. 
 SECTION 7.09. Successor Agent . (a) Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor to the Administrative Agent as provided in this paragraph, the Administrative Agent may resign at any time by giving written notice thereof to the Banks and the Company. Upon any such resignation, the Required Banks shall have the right to appoint from among the Banks a successor Administrative Agent provided that so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing such successor Administrative Agent shall be subject to the consent of the Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. If no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed by the Required Banks, and shall have accepted such appointment, within 30 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Banks, appoint a successor Administrative Agent, which shall be a commercial bank organized or licensed under the laws of the United States of America or of any State thereof and having a combined capital and surplus of at least 100,000,000 provided that so long as no payment or bankruptcy Event of Default has occurred and is continuing such successor Administrative Agent shall be subject to the consent of the Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. 
 (b) If the Person serving as Administrative Agent is a Defaulting Bank pursuant to clause (d) of the definition thereof, the Required Banks may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, with the written consent of the Company and by notice in writing to such Person, remove such Person as Administrative Agent and, with the written consent of the Company, appoint a successor. 
 (c) Upon the acceptance of its appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder by a successor Administrative Agent, such successor Administrative Agent shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights and duties of the retiring or removed Administrative Agent, and the retiring or removed Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder. After any retiring or removed Administrative Agent s resignation or removal hereunder as Administrative Agent, the provisions of this Article shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Administrative Agent. 
 SECTION 7.10. Delegation to Affiliates . The Company and the Banks agree that the Administrative Agent may delegate any of its duties under this Agreement to any of its Affiliates. Any such Affiliate (and such Affiliate s directors, officers, agents and employees) which performs duties in connection with this Agreement shall be entitled to the same benefits of the indemnification, waiver and other protective provisions to which the Administrative Agent is entitled under Articles VII and IX. 
 SECTION 7.11. Joint Lead Arrangers and Other Agents . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, none of the Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners, Syndication Agent or the Documentation Agents listed on the cover page of this Agreement shall have any 
 68 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

right, power, obligation, liability, responsibility or duty under this Agreement in its capacity as such, except in its respective capacity, if any, as a Bank. 
 SECTION 7.12. Recovery of Erroneous Payments . Without limitation of any other provision in this Agreement, if at any time the Administrative Agent makes a payment hereunder in error to any Bank, whether or not in respect of an Obligation due and owing by the Company at such time, where such payment is a Rescindable Amount, then in any such event, each Bank receiving a Rescindable Amount severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount received by such Bank in immediately available funds in the currency so received, with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such Rescindable Amount is received by it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. Each Bank irrevocably waives any and all defenses, including any discharge for value (under which a creditor might otherwise claim a right to retain funds mistakenly paid by a third party in respect of a debt owed by another) or similar defense to its obligation to return any Rescindable Amount. The Administrative Agent shall inform each Bank promptly upon determining that any payment made to such Bank comprised, in whole or in part, a Rescindable Amount. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Credit Document, the provisions of this Section 7.12 are solely agreements among the Banks and the Administrative Agent and shall not impose any obligations on the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 
 SECTION 7.13. Certain ERISA Matters . 
 (a) Each Bank (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Bank party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Bank party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Bank party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and each Joint Lead Arranger and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Company or any other Obligor, that at least one of the following is and will be true 
 (i) such Bank is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Bank s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments or this Agreement, 
 (ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Bank s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, 
 (iii) (A) such Bank is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Bank to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of 
 69 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

PTE 84- 14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Bank, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Bank s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 
 (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent or the applicable Joint Lead Arranger, as applicable, in each case in its sole discretion, and such Bank. 
 (b) In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Bank or (2) a Bank has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Bank further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Bank party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Bank party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Bank party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and each Joint Lead Arranger and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Company or any other Obligor, that none of the Administrative Agent or any Joint Lead Arranger is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Bank involved in such Bank s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Credit Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 
 ARTICLE VIII CHANGE IN CIRCUMSTANCES 
 SECTION 8.01. Inability to Determine Rates . 
 (a) If in connection with any request for a Term SOFR Loan or a conversion of Base Rate Loans to Term SOFR Loans or a continuation of any such Loans, as applicable, (i) the Administrative Agent reasonably determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that (A) no Successor Rate has been determined in accordance with Section 8.01(b), and the circumstances under Section 8.01(b)(i) or the Scheduled Unavailability Date has occurred, or (B) adequate and reasonable means do not otherwise exist for determining Term SOFR for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Term SOFR Loan or in connection with an existing or proposed Base Rate Loan, or (ii) the Administrative Agent or the Required Banks determine that for any reason that Term SOFR for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Banks of funding such Loan, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Company and each Bank. 
 Thereafter, (x) the obligation of the Banks to make or maintain Term SOFR Loans, or to convert Base Rate Loans to Term SOFR Loans, shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected Term SOFR Loans or Interest Periods), and (y) in the event of a determination described in the preceding sentence with respect to the Term SOFR component of the Base Rate, the utilization of the Term SOFR component in determining the Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until the Administrative Agent (or, in the case of a determination by the Required Banks described in Section 8.01(a)(ii) , until the Administrative Agent upon instruction of the Required Banks) revokes such notice. 
 Upon receipt of such notice, (i) the Company may revoke any pending request for a Borrowing of, or conversion to, or continuation of Term SOFR Loans (to the extent of the affected Term SOFR Loans or Interest Periods) or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted 
 70 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

such request into a request for a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein and (ii) any outstanding Term SOFR Loans shall be deemed to have been converted to Base Rate Loans immediately at the end of their respective applicable Interest Period. 
 (b) Replacement of Term SOFR or Successor Rate . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Credit Documents, if the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), or the Company or Required Banks notify the Administrative Agent (with, in the case of the Required Banks, a copy to the Company) that the Company or Required Banks (as applicable) have determined, that 
 (i) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR, including, without limitation, because the Term SOFR Screen Rate is not available or published on a current basis and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary or 
 (ii) CME or any successor administrator of the Term SOFR Screen Rate or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent or such administrator with respect to its publication of Term SOFR, in each case acting in such capacity, has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate shall or will no longer be made available, or permitted to be used for determining the interest rate of U.S. dollar denominated syndicated loans, or shall or will otherwise cease provided , that , at the time of such statement, there is no successor administrator that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Company, that will continue to provide such interest period of Term SOFR after such specific date (the latest date on which one month, three month and six month interest periods of Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Screen Rate are no longer available permanently or indefinitely, the Scheduled Unavailability Date 
 then, on a date and time determined by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Company (any such date, the Term SOFR Replacement Date ), which date shall be at the end of an Interest Period or on the relevant interest payment date, as applicable, for interest calculated and, solely with respect to Section 8.01(b)(ii) above, no later than the Scheduled Unavailability Date, Term SOFR will be replaced hereunder and under any Credit Document with, Daily Simple SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment for any payment period for interest calculated that can be determined by the Administrative Agent, in each case, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Credit Document (the Successor Rate ). 
 If the Successor Rate is Daily Simple SOFR plus the SOFR Adjustment, all interest payments will be payable on a monthly basis. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, (i) if the Administrative Agent determines that Daily Simple SOFR is not available on or prior to the Term SOFR Replacement Date, or (ii) if the events or circumstances of the type described in Sections 8.01(b)(i) or 8.01(b)(ii) have occurred with respect to the Successor Rate then in effect, then in each case, the Administrative Agent and the Company may amend this Agreement solely for the purpose of replacing Term SOFR or any then current Successor Rate in accordance with this Section 8.01 at the end of any Interest Period, relevant interest payment date or payment period for interest calculated, as applicable, with an alternative benchmark rate giving due consideration to any evolving or then existing convention for similar U.S. dollar denominated credit facilities syndicated and agented in the United States for such alternative benchmark, and, in each case, including any mathematical or other adjustments to such benchmark giving due consideration to 
 71 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

any evolving or then existing convention for similar U.S. dollar denominated credit facilities syndicated and agented in the United States for such benchmark, which adjustment or method for calculating such adjustment shall be published on an information service as selected by the Administrative Agent from time to time in its reasonable discretion and may be periodically updated. For the avoidance of doubt, any such proposed rate and adjustments, shall constitute a Successor Rate . Any such amendment shall become effective at 5 00 p.m. (New York time) on the fifth (5 th Domestic Business Day after the Administrative Agent shall have posted such proposed amendment to all Banks and the Company unless, prior to such time, Banks comprising the Required Banks have delivered to the Administrative Agent written notice that such Required Banks object to such amendment. 
 The Administrative Agent will promptly (in one or more notices) notify the Company and each Bank of the implementation of any Successor Rate. 
 Any Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice provided , that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, such Successor Rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Company. 
 Notwithstanding anything else herein, if at any time any Successor Rate as so determined would otherwise be less than zero percent (0.00 ), the Successor Rate will be deemed to be zero percent (0.00 for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents. 
 In connection with the implementation of a Successor Rate, the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Company, will have the right to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Credit Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action (other than consultation with the Company as noted above) or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Credit Document provided , that, with respect to any such amendment effected, the Administrative Agent shall post each such amendment implementing such Conforming Changes to the Company and the Banks reasonably promptly after such amendment becomes effective. 
 For purposes of this Section 8.01 , those Banks that either have not made, or do not have an obligation under this Agreement to make, the relevant Loans in Dollars shall be excluded from any determination of Required Banks. 
 SECTION 8.02. Illegality . In the event that the circumstances described in Section 8.01(b) do not apply, if, after the date of this Agreement, the adoption of any applicable law, rule or regulation, or any change in any applicable law, rule or regulation, or any change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any governmental authority, central bank or comparable agency charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, or compliance by any Bank (or its Applicable Lending Office) with any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any such authority, central bank or comparable agency shall make it unlawful or impossible for any Bank (or its Applicable Lending Office) to make, continue, maintain or fund its Loans which bear interest at a rate determined by reference to SOFR or Term SOFR and such Bank shall so notify the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent shall forthwith give notice thereof to the other Banks and the Company, whereupon until such Bank notifies the Company and the Administrative Agent that the circumstances giving rise to such suspension no longer exist, the obligation of such Bank to make Loans which bear interest at a rate determined by reference to SOFR or Term SOFR shall be suspended. Before giving any notice to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 8.02 , such Bank shall designate a different Applicable Lending Office if such designation will avoid the need for giving such notice and will not, in the judgment of such Bank, be otherwise disadvantageous to such Bank. If such Bank 
 72 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

shall determine that it may not lawfully continue to maintain and fund any of its outstanding Loans which bear interest at a rate determined by reference to SOFR or Term SOFR to maturity and shall so specify in such notice, the Company shall immediately prepay in full the then outstanding principal amount of each such Loan, together with accrued interest thereon. Concurrently with prepaying each such Loan which bear interest at a rate determined by reference to SOFR or Term SOFR, the Company shall borrow Base Rate Loans in an equal principal amount from such Bank (on which interest and principal shall be payable contemporaneously with the related Loans, of the other Banks, which bear interest at a rate determined by reference to SOFR or Term SOFR), and such Bank shall make such Base Rate Loans. For the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding the foregoing and despite the illegality for such Bank to make, maintain or fund Term SOFR Loans or Base Rate Loans as to which the interest rate is determined with reference to Term SOFR, that Bank shall remain committed to make Base Rate Loans and shall be entitled to recover interest at the Base Rate (in each case without giving effect to clause (c) of the definition thereof). 
 SECTION 8.03. Increased Cost and Reduced Return . (a) If on or after the date hereof, in the case of any Loan or any obligation to make Loans or in the case of any Letter of Credit or any obligation to issue, participate in, renew or extend any Letter of Credit, the adoption of any applicable law, rule or regulation, or any change in any applicable law, rule or regulation, or any change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any governmental authority, central bank or comparable agency charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, or compliance by any Bank (or its Applicable Lending Office) with any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any such authority, central bank or comparable agency shall impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve (including, without limitation, any such requirement imposed by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance assessment or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Bank (or its Applicable Lending Office) or shall impose on any Bank (or its Applicable Lending Office) any other condition affecting its Loans, its Notes or its obligation to make Loans or its obligation to issue or participate in Letters of Credit, any outstanding Letters of Credit or reimbursement claims in respect of LC Disbursements (other than Excluded Taxes and Taxes indemnified under Section 8.05 and the result of any of the foregoing is to increase the cost or expense to such Bank (or its Applicable Lending Office) of making, continuing, converting to or maintaining any Loan or of issuing, participating in or maintaining any Letter of Credit, or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Bank (or its Applicable Lending Office) under this Agreement or under other Credit Document with respect thereto, by an amount deemed by such Bank to be material, then, within thirty (30) days after demand by such Bank (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), the Company shall pay to such Bank such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Bank for such increased cost or reduction. 
 (b) If any Bank shall have determined that, after the Effective Date (subject to Section 8.03(d) below), the adoption of any applicable law, rule or regulation regarding capital adequacy, or any change in any applicable law, rule or regulation regarding capital adequacy or liquidity requirements, or any change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any governmental authority, central bank or comparable agency charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, or any request or directive regarding capital adequacy or liquidity requirements (whether or not having the force of law) of any such authority, central bank or comparable agency, has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on capital of such Bank (or its Parent) as a consequence of such Bank s obligations hereunder to a level below that which such Bank (or its Parent) could have achieved but for such adoption, change, request or directive (taking into consideration its policies with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity) by an amount deemed by such Bank to be material, then from time to time, within thirty (30) days after demand by such Bank (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), the Company shall pay to such Bank such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Bank (or its Parent) for 
 73 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

such reduction. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 8.03, the Company shall not be required to compensate a Bank pursuant to Section 8.03(a) or (b) for any amounts incurred more than 270 days prior to the date that such Bank notifies the Company of such Bank s intention to claim compensation therefor, to the extent such Bank had knowledge of the circumstances giving rise to such claim for compensation and its effects on the rate of return on capital in respect of this facility prior to such 270 day period provided that, if the change in law giving rise to any such increased cost or reductions is retroactive, then the 270 day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 
 (c) Each Bank will promptly notify the Company and the Administrative Agent of any event of which it has knowledge, occurring after the date hereof, which will entitle such Bank to compensation pursuant to this Section 8.03 . A certificate of any Bank claiming compensation under this Section 8.03 and setting forth the additional amount or amounts to be paid to it hereunder and, in reasonable detail, such Bank s computation of such amount or amounts, shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. In determining such amount, such Bank may use any reasonable averaging and attribution methods. 
 (d) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, for purposes of this Section, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to have gone into effect after the Effective Date, regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued provided that no Bank shall demand compensation pursuant to this Section 8.03 as a result of increased cost or reduced return resulting from Basel III or the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act if it shall not at the time be the general policy or practice of such Bank to demand such compensation from similarly situated borrowers (to the extent that, with respect to such increased cost or reduced return, such Bank has the right to do so under its credit facilities with similarly situated borrowers). 
 SECTION 8.04. Base Rate Loans Substituted for Affected Loans Based on SOFR or Term SOFR . If (i) the obligation of any Bank to make or continue Loans which bear interest at a rate determined by reference to SOFR or Term SOFR has been suspended pursuant to Section 8.02 or (ii) any Bank has demanded compensation under Sections 8.03(a) or 8.05 and the Company shall, by at least five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior notice to such Bank through the Administrative Agent, have elected that the provisions of this Section 8.04 shall apply to such Bank, then, unless and until such Bank notifies the Company that the circumstances giving rise to such suspension or demand for compensation no longer apply 
 (a) all Loans which would otherwise be made, or continued, by such Bank as Loans which bear interest at a rate determined by reference to SOFR or Term SOFR shall be made instead as, or converted into, Base Rate Loans (on which interest and principal shall be payable contemporaneously with the related Loans, of the other Banks, which bear interest at a rate determined by reference to SOFR or Term SOFR), and 
 (b) after each of its Loans which bear interest at a rate determined by reference to SOFR or Term SOFR has been repaid, all payments of principal which would otherwise be applied to repay such Loans shall be applied to repay its Base Rate Loans instead. 
 SECTION 8.05. Taxes . (a) For purposes of Section 8.03 and this Section 8.05, the following terms have the following meanings 
 74 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version of such sections that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement, treaty or convention among governmental authorities and implementing such Sections of the Code. 
 Excluded Taxes means, in the case of each Bank and the Administrative Agent, (i) any Taxes imposed on its net income (however denominated), and franchise, branch profits or similar taxes imposed on it, by a jurisdiction under the laws of which such Bank or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) is organized or in which its principal executive office is located or, in the case of each Bank, in which its Applicable Lending Office is located, (ii) any Taxes imposed on or measured by its overall net income (however denominated), or any similar Taxes imposed on it, by reason of any present or former connection between it and the jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) imposing such Taxes, other than connections arising solely as a result of the Bank or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Credit Document, or sold or assigned any interest in any Loan or Credit Document, (iii) in the case of each Bank, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Bank with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which such Bank acquires such interest in the Loan or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Company under Section 8.06) or such Bank changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to this Section 8.05, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Bank s assignor immediately before such Bank became a party hereto or to such Bank immediately before it changed its lending office, provided , that for purposes of this clause (iii), in the case of a Loan acquired by a Bank pursuant to the funding of a Commitment, such Bank shall be treated as acquiring an interest in such Loan on the date it acquired an interest in the Commitment pursuant to which such Loan was funded, (iv) any Taxes attributable to such recipient s failure to comply with Sections 8.05(f) or (g) and (v) any U.S. Federal withholding Taxes imposed by FATCA. 
 Indemnified Taxes means (a) any Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of the Company pursuant to this Agreement or any other Credit Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in (a), Other Taxes. 
 Other Taxes means any present or future stamp or documentary Taxes and any other excise or property Taxes, or similar charges or levies, which arise from any payment made pursuant to this Agreement or any other Credit Document or from the execution, delivery, registration or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or any other Credit Document, but excluding any such Taxes described in clause (ii) of the definition of Excluded Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 8.06). 
 Withholding Agent means the Company or the Administrative Agent. 
 (b) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Company hereunder or under any other Credit Document shall be made free and clear and without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law requires the Withholding Agent to deduct or withhold any Taxes from any such payments, then (i) such Withholding Agent shall make such deductions or withholdings, (ii) such Withholding Agent shall pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant taxation 
 75 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

authority or other authority in accordance with applicable law, and (iii) if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the Company shall be increased as necessary so that after making all required deductions and withholdings (including deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 8.05) the applicable recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deductions or withholdings been made. 
 (c) The Company shall timely pay to the relevant governmental authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes, in each case, within 30 days after written demand therefor. 
 (d) The Company agrees to indemnify each Bank and the Administrative Agent for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes, (including, without limitation, any Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on amounts payable under this Section 8.05), whether or not correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant governmental authority, payable or paid by such Bank or the Administrative Agent (as the case may be) or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Bank or the Administrative Agent and reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto. This indemnification shall be paid within 30 days after such Bank or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, makes written demand therefor. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Company by a Bank (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Bank, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (e) After any payment of Taxes by the Company to a taxing authority or other authority pursuant to this Section, the Company shall promptly furnish to the Administrative Agent, at its address referred to in Section 9.01, the original or a certified copy of a receipt evidencing payment thereof, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and, if such receipt relates to an Indemnified Tax in respect of a sum payable to any Bank, the Administrative Agent shall promptly deliver such original or certified copy to such Bank. 
 (f) Any Bank that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Credit Document shall deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Bank, if reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Company or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Bank is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in the following sentence and in Section 8.05(g)) shall not be required if in the Bank s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Bank to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Bank. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, on or prior to the date on which a Bank becomes a Bank under this Agreement, (i) each Bank that is not incorporated under the laws of the United States of America or a state thereof agrees that it will deliver to each of the Company and the Administrative Agent (a) two duly completed copies of United States Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E, W-8IMY or W-8ECI (as applicable) certifying in either case that such Bank is entitled to receive payments under any Credit Document without or with reduced deduction or withholding of any United States federal income Taxes and (b) in the case of such Bank claiming the benefits of the exemption from portfolio 
 76 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, a certificate to the effect that such Bank is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Company within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code, and (ii) each Bank that is incorporated under the laws of the United States of America or a state thereof agrees that it will deliver to each of the Company and the Administrative Agent two duly completed copies of United States Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 certifying that such Bank is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding Tax. Each Bank which so delivers a Form W-9, W-8BEN, W-8BEN-E, W-8IMY or W-8ECI (as applicable) further undertakes to deliver to each of the Company and the Administrative Agent two additional copies of such form (or successor form) on or before the date that such form expires or becomes obsolete or after the occurrence of any event requiring a change in the most recent form so delivered by it, and such amendments thereto or extensions or renewals thereof as may be reasonably requested by the Company or the Administrative Agent, in each case certifying that such Bank is entitled to receive payments under any Credit Document without or with reduced deduction or withholding of any United States federal income Taxes, unless such Bank promptly notifies the Company and Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 (g) If a payment made to a Bank under any Credit Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Bank fails to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Bank shall deliver to the Company and the Withholding Agent at the time prescribed by law and at such times reasonably requested by the Withholding Agent or the Company such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Withholding Agent or the Company sufficient for the Withholding Agent to comply with its obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Bank has complied with such applicable reporting requirements or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (g), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. Each Bank agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Company and the Withholding Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 (h) If any party hereto determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 8.05 (including the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 8.05), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under Section 8.03 or this Section 8.05 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than interest paid by the relevant governmental authority). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (h) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant governmental authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such governmental authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (h), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (h) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 
 77 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

(i) Each Bank shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within 10 days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Bank (but only to the extent that the Company has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Tax and without limiting the obligation of the Company to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Bank s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 9.06 relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Bank, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Credit Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant governmental authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Bank by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Bank hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Bank under any Credit Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to the Bank from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (i). 
 (j) The Administrative Agent shall deliver to the Company on or prior to the date on which it becomes the Administrative Agent under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Company), executed copies of IRS Form W-9 certifying that the Administrative Agent is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding Tax. 
 (k) Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 8.05 shall interfere with the rights of any Bank to conduct its fiscal or Tax affairs in such manner as it deems fit. 
 (l) Each party s obligations under this Section 8.05 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Bank, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Credit Document. 
 SECTION 8.06. Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Banks . (a) If any Bank requests compensation under Section 8.03, or if the Company is required to pay any additional amount to any Bank or any governmental body, agency or official for the account of any Bank pursuant to Section 8.05, then such Bank shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different Applicable Lending Office for funding or booking its Loans and or other Credit Exposure hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Bank (with the concurrence of the Company), such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 8.03 or 8.05, as the case may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Bank to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Bank. The Company hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Bank in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
 (b) If (i) any Bank requests compensation under Section 8.03, (ii) the Company is required to pay any additional amount to any Bank or any governmental body, agency or official for the account of any Bank pursuant to Section 8.05, (iii) a Bank is a Non-Consenting Bank, (iv) any Bank is a Non-NAIC Approved Bank, or (v) any Bank is a Declining Bank under Section 2.18, then, the Company may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Bank and the Administrative Agent, require such Bank to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.06(c)), all its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement to an Assignee (which shall be a NAIC Approved Bank) that shall assume such obligations (which Assignee may be another Bank, if a Bank accepts such assignment) provided that (i) the Company shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (and, if a Commitment is being assigned, each Fronting Issuing Banks), which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, (ii) such Bank shall 
 78 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the Assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Company (in the case of all other amounts), (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 8.03 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 8.05, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments, (iv) in the case of any such assignment in respect of a Non-Consenting Bank, the applicable Assignee shall have consented to the applicable amendment, waiver or consent, and (v) such assignment does not conflict with applicable law. A Bank shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Bank or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Company to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 
 ARTICLE IX MISCELLANEOUS 
 SECTION 9.01. Notices . All notices, requests and other communications to any party hereunder shall be in writing (including by electronic mail or other electronic communication, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by such party) and shall be given to such party (a) in the case of any Obligor, at the Company s address or electronic mail address set forth on the Company s signature page hereof, (b) in the case of the Administrative Agent, at its address or electronic mail address set forth on its respective signature page hereof, (c) in the case of any Bank, at its address or electronic mail address set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire or (d) in the case of any other party, such other address or electronic mail address as such party may hereafter specify for the purpose by notice to the Administrative Agent and the Company. Each such notice, request or other communication shall be effective (i) if given by mail, 72 hours after such communication is deposited in the mails with first class postage prepaid, addressed as aforesaid and return receipt requested, (ii) if delivered by electronic mail or any other telecommunications device, when transmitted to an electronic mail address (or by another means of electronic delivery) or (iii) if given by any other means, when delivered at the relevant address specified by such party pursuant to this Section 9.01 provided that notices to the Administrative Agent under Article II or Article VIII shall not be effective until received. 
 Notices and other communications to the Banks hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant to Article II unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Bank. The Administrative Agent or the Company may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 
 SECTION 9.02. No Waivers . No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent or any Bank in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Credit Document shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege. The rights and remedies herein provided shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law. 
 SECTION 9.03. Expenses Indemnification Non-Liability of Banks . (a) The Company shall pay (i) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses of the Administrative Agent and the Joint Lead Arrangers and each of their Affiliates, including reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of one primary counsel and, if reasonably necessary, a single local counsel in each relevant material jurisdiction, for the Administrative 
 79 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

Agent, in connection with the preparation, due diligence, administration, syndication and closing of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents, any waiver or consent hereunder or any amendment hereof or any Default or alleged Default hereunder and (ii) if an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and each Bank, including reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of one firm of primary counsel and, if reasonably necessary, a single local counsel in each relevant material jurisdiction, in connection with such Event of Default and collection, bankruptcy, insolvency and other enforcement proceedings resulting therefrom. All amounts due under this clause (a) shall be paid within thirty (30) days after written demand therefor (in each case, together with backup documentation supporting such reimbursement request) provided that, with respect to the Effective Date, all amounts due under this clause (a) shall be paid on the Effective Date solely to the extent invoiced to the Company within three (3) Domestic Business Days prior to the Effective Date. 
 (b) The Company agrees to indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Bank and each Confirming Bank and their respective Related Parties (each an Indemnitee and hold each Indemnitee harmless from and against any and all Liabilities, reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses of any kind, including, without limitation, costs of settlement and the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and disbursements of one counsel for the Indemnitees (unless the Indemnitees have actual or perceived conflicting interests, in which case such expenses shall include the reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and disbursements of one additional counsel in each relevant material jurisdiction and to each group of similarly affected Indemnitees), which may be incurred by such Indemnitee in connection with, or as a result of, any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or any investigative, administrative or judicial proceeding (whether or not such Indemnitee shall be designated a party thereto or whether such proceeding is brought by the Company, its Affiliates, its equity holders or its creditors) relating to or arising out of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or any other transactions contemplated hereby (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit (or any drawing honored thereunder) or the use of proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by any Bank to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit) or (iii) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), whether based on contract, tort, or any other theory and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto provided that no Indemnitee shall have the right to be indemnified hereunder to the extent that such Liabilities or related expenses have resulted from (x) the gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of such Indemnitee, (y) the material breach by such Indemnitee of its material obligations hereunder or, in the case of a Confirming Bank, under its Confirming Bank Agreement or (z) any claim, litigation, or proceeding solely among Indemnitees brought by any Indemnitee against another Indemnitee (other than any claim, litigation, or proceeding against an Indemnitee acting in its capacity as a Joint Lead Arranger or Administrative Agent) that does not involve an act or omission (or alleged act or omission) by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, in the case of each of the foregoing clauses (x) and (y), as determined in a final and non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction. All amounts due under this clause (b) shall be paid within thirty (30) days after written demand therefor (together with backup documentation supporting such reimbursement request) provided , however, that any such applicable Indemnitee shall promptly refund such amount to the extent that there is a final judicial or arbitral determination that such Indemnitee was not entitled to indemnification rights with respect to such payment pursuant to the express terms of this clause (b). For the avoidance of doubt, this clause (b) shall not apply to Taxes, other than any Taxes that represent Liabilities or related expenses arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 80 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

(c) To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Company shall not assert, and hereby waives, any claim against the Administrative Agent, any Joint Lead Arranger, any Bank and any Related Party of any of the foregoing (each such Person, a Lender-Related Person ), on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby, any Loan, any Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof. None of the Company or its Related Parties shall have any liability under this Section 9.03 for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages arising out of, related to or in connection with any aspect of this Agreement or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or the transactions contemplated hereby provided that this sentence shall not limit the Company s indemnification obligations herein to the extent that such special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages are included in any third party claim in connection with which an Indemnitee is otherwise entitled to indemnification hereunder. 
 (d) No Lender-Related Person, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (or the Company s or any of its Subsidiaries respective Related Parties) shall be liable for any Liabilities arising from the use by others of any information or other materials obtained through IntraLinks, Syndtrak, ClearPar, DebtDomain or other similar information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or any other Credit Document, except to the extent any such Liabilities are found by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction to arise from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of such Person. 
 (e) The agreements in this Section 9.03 shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent, the replacement of any Bank, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations. 
 SECTION 9.04. Sharing of Payments . Each Bank agrees that if it shall, by exercising any right of set-off or counterclaim or otherwise, receive payment of a proportion of the aggregate amount of principal and interest due with respect to any Loan made by it or reimbursement obligation or interest due with respect to any LC Disbursement made by it under a Letter of Credit which is greater than the proportion received by any other Bank in respect of the aggregate amount of principal and interest due with respect to any Loan made by such other Bank or reimbursement obligation or interest due, as the case may be, with respect to any LC Disbursement made by such other Bank under such Letter of Credit, the Bank receiving such proportionately greater payment shall purchase such participations in the Loans held by or the LC Exposure by the other Banks under such Letter of Credit, as applicable, and such other adjustments shall be made, as may be required so that all such payments of principal and interest with respect to the Loans and reimbursement obligations and interest with respect to LC Disbursements made by the Banks under such Letter of Credit shall be shared by the Banks pro rata provided that (i) nothing in this Section 9.04 shall impair the right of any Bank to exercise any right of set-off or counterclaim it may have and to apply the amount subject to such exercise to the payment of indebtedness of the Company other than its indebtedness under this Agreement and (ii) the provisions of this Section 9.04 shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by the Company pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement. The Company agrees, to the fullest extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any holder of a participation in any Loan or LC Exposure, whether or not acquired pursuant to the foregoing arrangements, may exercise rights of set-off or counterclaim and other rights with respect to such participation as fully as if such holder of a participation were a direct creditor of the Company in the amount of such participation. 
 SECTION 9.05. Amendments and Waivers . Subject to Section 8.01, any provision of this Agreement may be amended or waived if, but only if, such amendment or waiver is in writing and is signed by the Obligors and the Required Banks or by the Administrative Agent 
 81 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

(with the consent of the Required Banks) (and, if the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent or any Fronting Issuing Bank, in such capacity, are affected thereby, by the Administrative Agent or such Fronting Issuing Bank, as the case may be) provided , that the Administrative Agent may, with the consent of the Obligors and (to the extent applicable) each Fronting Issuing Bank (in each case, which shall not be unreasonably withheld), specify by notice to the Banks modifications in the procedures set forth in Section 2.01(b) provided , further , that no such amendment or waiver shall (i) increase the amount or extend the expiry date of the Commitment of any Bank or increase the LC Exposure of any Bank, without the written consent of such Bank, (ii) reduce the principal amount of any Loan or the amount of any reimbursement obligation of the relevant Obligor in respect of any LC Disbursement, the rate or amount of interest thereon or any fees payable to any Bank hereunder, without the written consent of each Bank directly and adversely affected thereby, (iii) postpone the scheduled date of payment of the principal amount of any Loan or for reimbursement of any LC Disbursement, or any interest thereon, or any fees payable hereunder, or waive or excuse any such payment, or postpone the scheduled date of expiration of any Commitment, without the written consent of each Bank directly and adversely affected thereby, (iv) change Section 2.13(b) or (c) or Section 9.04 in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby, without the written consent of each Bank directly and adversely affected thereby, (v) change any of the provisions of this Section 9.05 or the definition of Required Banks or Applicable Percentage or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Banks required to waive, amend or modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder, without the written consent of each Bank, (vi) release any of the collateral provided for the LC Exposure pursuant to Sections 2.03(e) and 6.01 (other than as expressly provided in Section 2.03(e)) or release the Company s guarantee of the Obligations of the Subsidiary Account Parties pursuant to Section 2.01(h) without the written consent of each Bank or (vii) waive the conditions precedent set forth in Section 3.02, without the written consent of each Bank. 
 SECTION 9.06. Successors and Assigns . (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns provided , however , that the Company may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, without the prior written consent of each Bank. 
 (b) Any Bank may at any time grant to one or more banks or other institutions (each a Participant participating interests in its Commitment or the Loans or any or all of its Letters of Credit. In the event of any such grant by a Bank of a participating interest to a Participant, whether or not upon notice to the Company and the Administrative Agent, such Bank shall remain solely responsible for the performance of its obligations hereunder, and the Company and the Administrative Agent shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Bank in connection with such Bank s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement pursuant to which any Bank may grant such a participating interest shall provide that such Bank shall retain the sole right and responsibility to enforce the obligations of the Company hereunder including, without limitation, the right to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement provided that such participation agreement may provide that such Bank will not agree to any modification, amendment or waiver of this Agreement described in the proviso of Section 9.05 without the consent of the Participant. The Company agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Article VIII with respect to its participating interest (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Sections 8.05(f) and (g) (it being understood that the documentation required under Sections 8.05(f) and (g) shall be delivered to the participating Bank)) to the same extent as if it were a Bank and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to subsection (c) or (d) of this Section 9.06. An assignment or other transfer which is not permitted by subsection (c) or (d) of this Section 9.06 shall be given effect for purposes of this Agreement only to the extent of a participating interest granted in accordance with this subsection (b). Each Bank that grants a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Company, 
 82 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans, Letters of Credit or other obligations under this Agreement (the Participant Register provided that no Bank shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register to any Person (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or other obligations under any Credit Document) except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Bank shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 (c) Any Bank may at any time assign to one or more NAIC Approved Banks (other than the Company, Affiliates of the Company, or a Defaulting Bank, each an Assignee all, or a proportionate part of all, of its rights and obligations under this Agreement, and such Assignee shall assume such rights and obligations, pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption executed by such Assignee and such transferor Bank, with (and subject to) the consent (which in each case shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) of each of the Company, the Administrative Agent and each Fronting Issuing Bank provided , that (i) if an Assignee is an Affiliate of any Bank or was a Bank immediately prior to such assignment, no such consent of the Company shall be required and (ii) if an Assignee is an Affiliate of any Bank or was a Bank immediately prior to such assignment, no such consent of the Administrative Agent or any Fronting Issuing Bank shall be required provided , further , that no assignment shall be permitted to a Defaulting Bank provided , further , that (x) the Company shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within ten Domestic Business Days after having received notice thereof and (y) if an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, no such consent of the Company shall be required and provided , further , that any such assignment (other than an assignment to another Bank or an Affiliate of any Bank or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the transferor Bank s Commitment and interests in outstanding Loans and Letters of Credit) shall be in an amount that is at least 5,000,000 unless otherwise agreed by the Company and the Administrative Agent. Upon execution and delivery of such Assignment and Assumption and payment by such Assignee to such transferor Bank of an amount equal to the purchase price agreed between such transferor Bank and such Assignee, such Assignee shall be a Bank party to this Agreement and shall have all the rights and obligations of a Bank with a Commitment as set forth in such instrument of assumption, and the transferor Bank shall be released from its obligations hereunder to a corresponding extent, and no further consent or action by any party shall be required. In connection with any such assignment, the transferor Bank or Assignee shall pay to the Administrative Agent an administrative fee for processing such assignment in the amount of 3,500 unless waived by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. If the Assignee is not incorporated under the laws of the United States of America or a state thereof, it shall, prior to the first date on which interest or fees are payable hereunder for its account, deliver to the Company and the Administrative Agent certification as to exemption from deduction or withholding of any United States federal income Taxes in accordance with Section 8.05(f). 
 (d) Any Bank may at any time assign all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to secure obligations of such Bank, including, without limitation, to one or more of the Federal Reserve Banks which comprise the Federal Reserve System or other central banks. No such assignment shall release the transferor Bank from its obligations hereunder. 
 83 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

(e) No Participant shall be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 8.03 or 8.05 than such Bank would have been entitled to receive with respect to the rights transferred, unless such transfer is made (i) with the Company s prior written consent, (ii) by reason of the provisions of Section 8.02 or 8.06 requiring such Participant to designate a different Applicable Lending Office under certain circumstances or (iii) prior to a Change in Law giving rise to such greater payment. 
 SECTION 9.07. Collateral . Each of the Banks represents to the Administrative Agent and each of the other Banks that it in good faith is not relying upon any Margin Stock as collateral in the extension or maintenance of the credit provided for in this Agreement. 
 SECTION 9.08. New York Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York. 
 SECTION 9.09. Judicial Proceedings . (a) Submission to Jurisdiction . Each Obligor hereby submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York sitting in the borough of Manhattan (or if such court lacks subject matter jurisdiction, the Supreme Court of the State of New York sitting in the borough of Manhattan), and any appellate court from any thereof, for purposes of all legal proceedings arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Credit Document or the transactions contemplated hereby, and each Obligor hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such proceeding may (and any such proceeding, claims, cross-claims or third-party claims brought against the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties may only) be heard and determined in such federal (to the extent permitted by law) or New York State court. Each Obligor irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such proceeding brought in such a court and any claim that any such proceeding brought in such a court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. 
 (b) Appointment of Agent for Service of Process . Each Subsidiary Account Party irrevocably designates and appoints the Company, and the Company hereby accepts such appointment, at its office in Lansing, Michigan set forth beneath the Company s signature on the signature page hereof, as the authorized agent of such Subsidiary Account Party, to accept and acknowledge on its behalf, service of any and all process which may be served in any suit, action or proceeding of the nature referred to in subsection (a) of this Section 9.09 in any federal or New York State court sitting in New York City. Said designation and appointment shall be irrevocable by each Subsidiary Account Party until all of its reimbursement obligations, interest thereon and all other amounts payable hereunder shall have been paid in full in accordance with the provisions hereof and thereof or, if earlier, when such Subsidiary Account Party is terminated as a Subsidiary Account Party hereunder pursuant to Section 9.13. 
 (c) Service of Process . Each Obligor hereby consents to process being served in any suit, action or proceeding of the nature referred to in subsection (a) of this Section 9.09 in any federal or New York State court sitting in New York City by service of process upon its agent appointed as provided in subsection (b) of this Section 9.09 provided that, to the extent lawful and possible, notice of said service upon such agent shall be mailed by registered or certified air mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, to such Obligor at its address specified on the signature page hereof (or, in the case of any Subsidiary that becomes a Subsidiary Account Party in accordance with the terms of Section 9.13, on the signature page of the Subsidiary Joinder Agreement to which it is a party) or to any other address of which such Obligor shall have given written notice to the applicable Bank. Each Obligor irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, all claim of error by reason of any such service in such manner and agrees that such service shall be deemed in every respect effective service of process upon such Obligor in any such suit, action or proceeding and shall, to the fullest extent 
 84 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

permitted by law, be taken and held to be valid and personal service upon and personal delivery to such Obligor. 
 (d) No Limitation on Service or Suit .Nothing in any Credit Document shall affect the right of the Administrative Agent or any Bank to serve process in any other manner permitted by law or limit the right of the Administrative Agent or any Bank to bring any suit, action, proceeding, claim or counterclaim against the Company or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction or jurisdictions. 
 SECTION 9.10. Integration Headings Electronic Execution Electronic Records Counterparts . (a) This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding among the parties hereto and supersedes any and all prior agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. 
 (b) This Agreement, any Credit Document, and any other Communication, including any Communication required to be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures. Each Obligor and each of the Administrative Agent and the Banks agrees that any Electronic Signature on or associated with any Communication shall be valid and binding on such Person to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any Communication entered into by Electronic Signature, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person enforceable against such Person in accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original signature was delivered. Any Communication may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts are one and the same Communication. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically signed Communication converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and or retention. The Administrative Agent and each of the Banks may, at its option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic Record Electronic Copy ), which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document. All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including an Electronic Copy, shall be considered an original for all purposes, and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Administrative Agent is not under any obligation to accept an Electronic Signature in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by such Person pursuant to procedures approved by it provided , further , without limiting the foregoing, (a) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept such Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Banks shall be entitled to rely on any such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of any Obligor and or any Bank without further verification and (b) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Bank, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed counterpart. For purposes hereof, Electronic Record and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15 U.S.C. 7006, as it may be amended from time to time. 
 The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Credit Document or any other agreement, instrument or document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agent s reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed .pdf or any other electronic means). The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect 
 85 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

of this Agreement or any other Credit Document by acting upon, any Communication (which writing may be a fax, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution or signed using an Electronic Signature) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the Credit Documents for being the maker thereof). 
 The Company and each Bank hereby waives (i) any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Credit Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Credit Document, and (ii) waives any claim against the Administrative Agent, each Bank and each Related Party for any liabilities arising solely from the Administrative Agent s and or any Bank s reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures, including any liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Company to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. 
 (c) Posting of Communications . The Company agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make any communications available to the Banks by posting the communications on IntraLinks , DebtDomain, SyndTrak, ClearPar or any other electronic platform chosen by the Administrative Agent to be its electronic transmission system (the Approved Electronic Platform ). Although the Approved Electronic Platform and its primary web portal are secured with generally-applicable security procedures and policies implemented or modified by the Administrative Agent from time to time (including, as of the Effective Date, a user ID password authorization system) and the Approved Electronic Platform is secured through a per-deal authorization method whereby each user may access the Approved Electronic Platform only on a deal-by-deal basis, each of the Banks and the Company acknowledges and agrees that the distribution of material through an electronic medium is not necessarily secure, that the Administrative Agent is not responsible for approving or vetting the representatives or contacts of any Bank that are added to the Approved Electronic Platform, and that there may be confidentiality and other risks associated with such distribution. Each of the Banks and the Company hereby approves distribution of the communications through the Approved Electronic Platform and understands and assumes the risks of such distribution. 
 (d) THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND THE COMMUNICATIONS ARE PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE . THE APPLICABLE PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE COMMUNICATIONS, OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM AND THE COMMUNICATIONS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY THE APPLICABLE PARTIES IN CONNECTION WITH THE COMMUNICATIONS OR THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM. IN NO EVENT SHALL ANY PARTY HERETO, ANY JOINT LEAD ARRANGER, ANY DOCUMENTATION AGENT, ANY SYNDICATION AGENT OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE RELATED PARTIES (COLLECTIVELY, APPLICABLE PARTIES HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO ANY OTHER PARTY HERETO OR ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING DIRECT OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOSSES OR EXPENSES (WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF THE COMPANY S OR THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT S TRANSMISSION OF COMMUNICATIONS THROUGH THE INTERNET OR THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM OR DAMAGES ARISING FROM THE USE BY OTHERS OF ANY 
 86 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

INFORMATION OR OTHER MATERIALS OBTAINED THROUGH THE APPROVED ELECTRONIC PLATFORM IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER CREDIT DOCUMENT EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT SUCH LOSSES, CLAIMS, DAMAGES, LIABILITIES OR EXPENSES ARE DETERMINED BY A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION BY A FINAL AND NON-APPEALABLE JUDGMENT TO HAVE RESULTED FROM THE GROSS NEGLIGENCE, WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OR BAD FAITH OF SUCH APPLICABLE PARTY. 
 (e) Each Bank agrees that notice to it (as provided in the next sentence) specifying that communications have been posted to the Approved Electronic Platform shall constitute effective delivery of the communications to such Bank for purposes of the Credit Documents. Each Bank agrees (i) to notify the Administrative Agent in writing (which could be in the form of electronic communication) from time to time of such Bank s (as applicable) email address to which the foregoing notice may be sent by electronic transmission and (ii) that the foregoing notice may be sent to such email address. 
 (f) Each Bank and the Company agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but (except as may be required by applicable law) shall not be obligated to, store the communications on the Approved Electronic Platform in accordance with the Administrative Agent s generally applicable document retention procedures and policies. Nothing herein shall prejudice the right of the Administrative Agent or any Bank to give any notice or other communication pursuant to any Credit Document in any other manner specified in such Credit Document. 
 SECTION 9.12. Confidentiality . The Administrative Agent and each Bank agree that they will maintain the confidentiality of, and will not use for any purpose (other than exercising its rights and enforcing its remedies hereunder and under the other Credit Documents), any written or oral information provided under this Agreement by or on behalf of the Company (hereinafter collectively called Confidential Information ), subject to the Administrative Agent s and each Bank s (a) obligation to disclose any such Confidential Information pursuant to a request or order under applicable laws and regulations or by a self-regulatory body or pursuant to a subpoena or other legal process (in which case Administrative Agent and such Bank agrees (except with respect to any audit or examination conducted by bank accountants or any self-regulatory authority or governmental or regulatory authority exercising examination or regulatory authority), to the extent practicable and not prohibited by applicable law or regulation, to inform Company promptly thereof prior to disclosure), (b) right to disclose any such Confidential Information to its bank examiners, auditors, counsel and other professional advisors and to other Banks and to its subsidiaries and Affiliates and the subsidiaries and Affiliates of its holding company, provided that the Administrative Agent or such Bank, as the case may be, shall cause each such subsidiary or Affiliate to maintain the Confidential Information on the same terms as the terms provided herein, (c) right to disclose any such Confidential Information in connection with any litigation or dispute involving the Banks and the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and Affiliates, (d) right to provide such information to (i) participants, prospective participants, prospective assignees or assignees pursuant to Section 9.06, to its prospective Confirming Bank or Confirming Bank or (with the consent of the Company (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld)) to its agents if prior thereto such participant, prospective participant, prospective assignee, prospective Confirming Bank, Confirming Bank or agent agrees in writing to maintain the confidentiality of such information on terms substantially similar to those of this Section 9.11 as if it were a Bank party hereto or (ii) with the consent of the Company (except as otherwise permitted under clause (b) above), any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap, derivative or securitization transaction relating to the Company and its obligations or to any actual or prospective credit insurance provider relating to the Company and its obligations if prior thereto such counterparty or credit insurance provider agrees in writing to maintain the confidentiality of such information on terms substantially similar to those of this 
 87 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

Section 9.11 as if it were a Bank party hereto, (e) right to disclose any such Confidential Information in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Credit Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Credit Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) with the prior written consent of the Company, right to disclose any such Confidential Information on a confidential basis to any rating agency in connection with rating the Company or its Subsidiaries or this facility and (g) right to provide such information with the Company s prior written consent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any such information supplied to a Bank, participant, prospective participant, prospective assignee, prospective Confirming Bank or Confirming Bank under this Agreement shall cease to be Confidential Information to the extent that such information (i) is or becomes publicly available other than by reason of disclosure by a Bank or any of its affiliates in violation of this Section 9.11, (ii) is received by a Bank from a third party that is not subject to contractual or fiduciary confidentiality obligations owing to Company or its Subsidiaries with respect to such information or (iii) is independently developed by such Bank or any of its affiliates, in each case, so long as not based on information obtained in a manner that would otherwise violate this Section 9.11. In addition, in consultation with the Company, the Administrative Agent and the Banks may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about the Effective Date and the size, type and purpose of the facilities contemplated by this Agreement to market data collectors and other service providers to the lending industry and service providers to the Administrative Agent and the Banks in connection with the administration of this Agreement, the other Credit Documents and the Commitments. 
 SECTION 9.12. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL . EACH OBLIGOR, THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND THE BANKS HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE NOTES OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. 
 SECTION 9.13. Joinder and Termination of Subsidiary Account Party . (a) Any direct or indirect wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company that is organized under the laws of the United States and that is organized, licensed or regulated under applicable law as an insurance or reinsurance company may, upon the request of the Company at any time, upon not less than three Domestic Business Days notice to the Administrative Agent, become a party to this Agreement as a Subsidiary Account Party, provided that such Subsidiary shall have delivered an executed Subsidiary Joinder Agreement, substantially in the form of Exhibit G hereto, to the Administrative Agent for acceptance by it (which shall promptly notify the Banks), and provided further that on and as of the date of acceptance of such Subsidiary Joinder Agreement by the Administrative Agent (i) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (ii) the Banks shall have received all documents and instruments as they may reasonably request related to such Subsidiary, including legal opinions and information required to comply with know your customer or similar identification requirements of any Bank, in each case, to the reasonable satisfaction of the Banks and (iii) such Subsidiary Account Party shall be deemed to have appointed the Company as its authorized agent pursuant to Section 9.09(b) to accept service of any and all process which may be served in any suit, action or proceeding of any nature in any federal or New York State court sitting in New York City arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Credit Document or the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 (b) The Company may, at any time at which a Subsidiary Account Party shall not be an account party with respect to an outstanding Letter of Credit and shall not have any outstanding Obligations hereunder, terminate such Subsidiary Account Party as a Subsidiary Account Party hereunder by delivering an executed notice thereof, substantially in the form of Exhibit H hereto, to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly notify the Banks). Immediately upon the receipt by the Administrative Agent of such notice, all commitments of the Banks to issue Letters of Credit for the account of such Subsidiary Account Party and all rights 
 88 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

of such Subsidiary Account Party hereunder shall terminate and such Subsidiary Account Party shall immediately cease to be a Subsidiary Account Party hereunder provided that all obligations of such Subsidiary Account Party as a Subsidiary Account Party hereunder arising in respect of any period in which such Subsidiary Account Party was, or on account of any action or inaction by such Subsidiary Account Party as, a Subsidiary Account Party hereunder shall survive such termination. 
 SECTION 9.14. Certain Notices . Each Bank hereby notifies each Obligor that pursuant to the requirements of the PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, such Bank may be required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Obligor, which information includes the name and address of each Obligor and other information that will allow such Bank to identify each Obligor in accordance with the PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 SECTION 9.15. No Fiduciary Duty . The Administrative Agent, each Bank and their Affiliates (collectively, solely for purposes of this Section 9.15, the Banks ), may have economic interests that conflict with those of the Obligors, their respective stockholders and or their affiliates. The Company agrees that nothing in the Credit Documents or otherwise will be deemed to create an advisory, fiduciary or agency relationship or fiduciary or other implied duty between any Bank, on the one hand, and the Company, its stockholders or its affiliates, on the other. The Company acknowledges and agrees that (i) the transactions contemplated by the Credit Documents (including the exercise of rights and remedies hereunder and thereunder) are arm s-length commercial transactions between the Banks, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other, and (ii) in connection therewith and with the process leading thereto, (x) no Bank has assumed an advisory or fiduciary responsibility in favor of the Company, its stockholders or its affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby (or the exercise of rights or remedies with respect thereto) or the process leading thereto (irrespective of whether any Bank has advised, is currently advising or will advise the Company, its stockholders or its Affiliates on other matters) or any other obligation to the Company except the obligations expressly set forth in the Credit Documents and (y) each Bank is acting solely as principal and not as the agent or fiduciary of the Company, its management, stockholders or creditors or any other Person. The Company acknowledges and agrees that the Company has consulted its own legal and financial advisors to the extent it deemed appropriate and that it is responsible for making its own independent judgment with respect to such transactions and the process leading thereto. The Company agrees that it will not claim that any Bank has rendered advisory services of any nature or respect, or owes a fiduciary or similar duty to the Company, in connection with such transaction or the process leading thereto. 
 SECTION 9.16. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Credit Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Credit Document may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of an applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution and 
 (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability 
 89 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

(ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Credit Document or 
 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of an applicable Resolution Authority. 
 SECTION 9.17. Right of Setoff . If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Bank and each of its Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other obligations at any time owing by such Bank or Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of any Obligor against any of and all the obligations of any Obligor at the time existing under this Agreement held by such Bank, irrespective of whether or not such Bank shall have made any demand under this Agreement and although such obligations may be unmatured. The rights of each Bank under this Section 9.17 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including any other rights of setoff) which such Bank may have. Each Bank agrees to notify the Administrative Agent and the Company promptly after any such setoff and application provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 
 SECTION 9.18. Severability . If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Credit Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this Section 9.18 , if and to the extent that the enforceability of any provisions in this Agreement relating to Defaulting Banks shall be limited by Debtor Relief Laws, as determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent or any L C Issuer, as applicable, then such provisions shall be deemed to be in effect only to the extent not so limited. 
 SECTION 9.19. Interest Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Credit Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Credit Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by Law (the Maximum Rate ). If the Administrative Agent or any Bank shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Company. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Bank exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of the Obligations hereunder. 
 Signature Pages Follow 
 
 90 
 4879-5062-7662v.12 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. 
 COMPANY 
 JACKSON FINANCIAL INC. By s Marcia Wadsten Name Marcia Wadsten Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 U.S. Federal Tax Identification No. 94-0486152 
 Address for Notices 
 Jackson Financial Inc. 1 Corporate Way Lansing, Michigan 48951 
 Attn Treasurer Email mike.costello jackson.com 
 (with copies of Notices of Default to 
 Attn General Counsel Email carrie.chelko jackson.com , and 
 mb_corporatelegal jackson.com 
 
 Jackson Financial Inc. Signature Page to Revolving Credit Agreement 

ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 By s Aamir Saleem Name Aamir Saleem Title Vice President 
 
 Jackson Financial Inc. Signature Page to Revolving Credit Agreement 

BANKS 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. , as a Bank 
 By s Sidhima Daruka Name Sidhima Daruka Title Director 
 
 Jackson Financial Inc. Signature Page to Revolving Credit Agreement 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK , as a Bank 
 By s Austin Bennett Name Austin Bennett Title Vice President 
 
 Jackson Financial Inc. Signature Page to Revolving Credit Agreement 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as a Bank 
 By s Michelle S. Dagenhart Name Michelle S. Dagenhart Title Managing Director 
 
 Jackson Financial Inc. Signature Page to Revolving Credit Agreement 

PNP PARIBAS , as a Bank 
 By s Monica Hanson Name Monica Hanson Title Managing Director 
 By s Patrick McNeely Name Patrick McNeely Title Managing Director 
 
 Jackson Financial Inc. Signature Page to Revolving Credit Agreement 

CITIBANK, N.A. , as a Bank 
 By s Robert Chesley Name Robert Chesley Title Vice President & Managing Director 
 
 Jackson Financial Inc. Signature Page to Revolving Credit Agreement 

CREDIT SUISSE AG, NEW YORK BRANCH , as a Bank 
 By s Doreen Barr Name Doreen Barr Title Authorized Signatory 
 By s Michael Dieffenbacher Name Michael Dieffenbacher Title Authorized Signatory 

Jackson Financial Inc. Signature Page to Revolving Credit Agreement 

DEUTSCHE BANK AG NEW YORK BRANCH , as a Bank 
 By s Ming K Chu Name Ming K Chu Title Director 
 By s Marko Lukin Name Marko Lukin Title Vice President 
 
 Jackson Financial Inc. Signature Page to Revolving Credit Agreement 

GOLDMAN SACHS BANK USA , as a Bank 
 By s Ananda DeRoche Name Ananda DeRoche Title Authorized Signatory 
 
 Jackson Financial Inc. Signature Page to Revolving Credit Agreement 

THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON , as a Bank 
 By s Yadilsa Fernandez Name Yadilsa Fernandez Title Vice President 
 
 Jackson Financial Inc. Signature Page to Revolving Credit Agreement 

MORGAN STANLEY BANK, N.A. , as a Bank 
 By s Michael King Name Michael King Title Authorized Signatory 
 
 Jackson Financial Inc. Signature Page to Revolving Credit Agreement 

SOCIETE GENERALE , as a Bank 
 By s William Aishton Name William Aishton Title Director 
 
 Jackson Financial Inc. Signature Page to Revolving Credit Agreement 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , as a Bank 
 By s Joshua Metcalf Name Joshua Metcalf Title Vice President 
 
 Jackson Financial Inc. Signature Page to Revolving Credit Agreement 

THE NORTHERN TRUST COMPANY , as a Bank 
 By s Chris McKean Name Chris McKean Title Senior Vice President 
 Jackson Financial Inc. Signature Page to Revolving Credit Agreement 

Schedule I Commitments 
 Lender Allocation 
 Bank of America, N.A. 106,000,000.00 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 106,000,000.00 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 106,000,000.00 Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch 72,000,000.00 BNP Paribas 72,000,000.00 Citibank, N.A. 72,000,000.00 Credit Suisse AG, New York Branch 72,000,000.00 Goldman Sachs Bank USA 72,000,000.00 Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A. 72,000,000.00 Soci t G n rale 72,000,000.00 The Bank of New York Mellon 72,000,000.00 U.S. Bank National Association 72,000,000.00 The Northern Trust Company 34,000,000.00 Total 1,000,000,000.00 

Schedule I to Revolving Credit Agreement 
 Commitments 

Schedule II 
 Material Subsidiaries and Subsidiary Account Parties 
 Material Subsidiaries 
 1. Jackson Holdings LLC 
 2. Brooke Life Insurance Company 
 3. Jackson National Life Insurance Company 
 4. Jackson National Asset Management, LLC 
 Subsidiary Account Parties 
 None. 
 
 Schedule II to Revolving Credit Agreement 
 Material Subsidiaries and Subsidiary Account Parties 
 17 

Schedule III 
 Hybrid Instruments 
 None. 
 Schedule III to Revolving Credit Agreement 
 Hybrid Instruments 
 18 

Schedule IV 
 Debt 1 
 1. Jackson Financial Inc. 1.125 Senior Notes Due 2023, current principal 598,000,000, matures November 22, 2023 
 2. Jackson Financial Inc. 5.170 Senior Notes Due 2027, current principal 397,000,000, matures June 8, 2027 
 3. Jackson Financial Inc. 3.125 Senior Notes Due 2031, current principal 493,000,000, matures November 23, 2031 
 4. Jackson Financial Inc. 5.670 Senior Notes Due 2032, current principal 347,000,000, matures June 8, 2032 
 5. Jackson Financial Inc. 4.000 Senior Notes Due 2051, current principal 488,000,000, matures November 23, 2051 
 6. Jackson National Life Surplus Note, current principal 250,000,000, matures 3 15 2027 
 7. Jackson National Life FHLBank of Indianapolis loan, current principal 30,000,000, matures 1 31 2034 
 8. Jackson National Life FHLBank of Indianapolis loan, current principal 22,750,000, matures 3 30 2035 
 9. Jackson National Life FHLBank of Indianapolis loan, current principal 9,473,689, matures 10 2 2034 
 
 1 Figures are approximate. 
 Schedule IV to Revolving Credit Agreement 
 Debt 
 19 

Schedule V 
 Liens 
 Debtor Defendant Jackson National Life Insurance Company Secured Party Plaintiff Jurisdiction Filing Type Collateral Type Lien Amount Original File Date Original File # Amdt. File Date Amdt. File # Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis Michigan SOS UCC-1 Promissory notes arising from mortgage and commercial real estate loans 05.06.2008 2008070882-0 12.19.2012 
 01.09.2018 
 12.08.2022 
 2012175450-0 
 20180109000111-8 
 20221208000719-4 
 UMB Bank, N.A., as Owner Trustee Michigan SOS UCC-1 Aircraft lease 08.13.2014 2014119278-0 06.11.2018 
 03.04.2019 
 20180611000774-1 
 20190304000252-6 
 IBM Credit LLC Michigan SOS UCC-1 Specific equipment 02.19.2018 20180219000008-1 IBM Credit LLC Michigan SOS UCC-1 Specific equipment 09.02.2018 20180902000040-0 IBM Credit LLC Michigan SOS UCC-1 Specific equipment 12.22.2018 20181222000012-5 IBM Credit LLC Michigan SOS UCC-1 Specific equipment 02.18.2019 20190218000016-0 IBM Credit LLC Michigan SOS UCC-1 Specific equipment 07.23.2019 20190723000102-3 

PNC Bank, National Association Michigan SOS UCC-1 Gulfstream with 2 jet engines 08.11.2022 20220811000838-9 PNC Bank, National Association Michigan SOS UCC-1 Gulfstream with 2 jet engines 08.11.2022 20220811000839-8 

EXHIBIT A 
 Form of Note 
 NOTE 
 New York, New York 
 , 20__ 
 For value received, Jackson Financial Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), promises to pay to __ (the Bank ), for the account of its Applicable Lending Office, the unpaid principal amount of each Loan made by the Bank to the Company pursuant to the Credit Agreement referred to below on the date provided for in the Credit Agreement. The Company promises to pay interest on the unpaid principal amount of each such Loan on the dates and at the rate or rates provided for in the Credit Agreement. All such payments of principal and interest shall be made in lawful money of the United States in Federal or other immediately available funds at the office of the Administrative Agent. 
 All Loans made by the Bank, the respective dates, amounts, types and maturity thereof and all repayments of the principal thereof shall be recorded on its books by the Bank and, prior to any transfer hereof, appropriate notations to evidence the foregoing information with respect to each such Loan then outstanding shall be endorsed by the Bank on the schedule attached hereto, or on a continuation of such schedule attached to and made a part hereof provided that the failure of the Bank to make any such recordation or endorsement shall not affect the obligations of the Company hereunder or under the Credit Agreement. 
 This note is one of the Notes referred to in the Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of February 24, 2023 among the Company, the Subsidiary Account Parties from time to time party thereto, the Banks from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent (as the same may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ). Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein with the same meanings. Reference is made to the Credit Agreement for provisions for the prepayment hereof and the acceleration of the maturity hereof. 
 THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 Signature Page Follows 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Note as of the day and year first above written. 
 JACKSON FINANCIAL INC. 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 

Note (cont'd) 
 LOANS AND PAYMENTS OF PRINCIPAL 
 Date Amount of Loan Type of Loan Amount of Principal Repaid Maturity Date Notation Made By 

EXHIBIT B 
 Form of Syndicated Letter of Credit 2 
 FOR INTERNAL IDENTIFICATION PURPOSES ONLY 
 Our N 
 Applicant 
 Issue Date 
 Irrevocable Letter of Credit N 
 Beneficiary 
 
 Attention 
 
 To 
 Dear Sirs 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 We, the Issuing Banks, whose names are set out in Appendix 1 (collectively, the Issuing Banks , and each an Issuing Bank ), hereby establish this irrevocable, unconditional (except for the conditions stated herein) Letter of Credit in favor of the aforesaid addressee Beneficiary for drawings up to United States Dollars US , effective immediately. This Letter of Credit is issued by 3 for and on behalf of the Issuing Banks and is presentable and payable at 4 Agent for the amounts specified in any sight draft drawn hereunder, which amounts shall not, when aggregated with all other amounts paid by the Issuing Banks to the Beneficiary under this Letter of Credit, exceed the amount specified above, and expires with our close of business on (the Expiration Date ). In no way are the obligations of any Issuing Bank under this Letter of Credit contingent upon reimbursement with respect thereto or upon any Issuing Bank s ability to perfect any lien, security interest or any other reimbursement. With respect to the following Issuing Bank(s), this Letter of Credit is hereby confirmed by the bank listed next to such Issuing Bank s name on Appendix I hereto (each confirming bank, a Confirming Bank 
 
 2 NTD Subject to review by BofA LC team. 
 3 Must be filled in with the names of a qualified bank within the meaning of New York Insurance Department Regulation 133, 11 N.Y.C.R.R. pt. 79, as amended from time to time, with a US Location. 
 4 Must be filled in with the names of a qualified bank within the meaning of New York Insurance Department Regulation 133, 11 N.Y.C.R.R. pt. 79, as amended from time to time, with a US Location. The Agent must be one of the Issuing Banks. 

and each such Confirming Bank is formally designated by such Issuing Bank as its agent for the receipt and payment of drafts under the Letter of Credit 5 6 
 The term Beneficiary includes any successor by operation of law of the named Beneficiary including, without limitation, any liquidator, rehabilitator, receiver or conservator. 
 We hereby undertake to promptly honour your sight draft(s) drawn on the Agent, indicating its Letter of Credit number , for all or any part of this Letter of Credit upon presentation to the Agent at 7 on or before the expiration date or any automatically extended expiration date. Each Issuing Bank makes this undertaking for an amount not to exceed the aggregate amount available under this Letter of Credit multiplied by such Issuing Bank s percentage obligation as set forth in Appendix 1. Payment by the Agent with respect of amounts owed by each Issuing Bank hereunder shall be made upon receipt of funds, transferred by such Issuing Bank to the Agent, in respect of this undertaking to the Beneficiary s account specified in the sight draft. The obligations of the Issuing Banks under this Letter of Credit shall be several and not joint. Upon the transfer by an Issuing Bank to the Agent of the amount specified in a sight draft drawn on such Issuing Bank, the Issuing Bank shall be fully discharged of its obligations under this Letter of Credit with respect to such sight draft. The failure of any Issuing Bank to make funds available to the Agent for payment under this Letter of Credit shall not relieve any other Issuing Bank of its obligation hereunder to make funds available to the Agent neither the Agent nor any Issuing Bank shall be responsible for the failure of any other Issuing Bank to make funds available to the Agent. 
 Except as expressly stated herein, this undertaking is not subject to any agreement, condition or qualification. The obligation of the Issuing Banks under this Letter of Credit is the individual obligation of each Issuing Bank and is in no way contingent upon reimbursement with respect thereto. 
 It is a condition of this Letter of Credit that the Expiration Date shall be deemed to be automatically extended, without amendment, for one year from the Expiration Date hereof, or any future Expiration Date, unless sixty (60) 8 days prior to any such Expiration Date, we send you notice by registered mail or by overnight courier, addressed to , that we elect not to consider this Letter of Credit extended for any such additional period. 
 This Letter of Credit is subject to and governed by the Laws of the State of New York and the 2007 Revision of the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits of the International Chamber of Commerce (Publication N 600) and, in the event of any conflict, the Laws of the State of New York will control. If this Letter of Credit expires during any interruption of business as described in Article 36 of said Publication 600, the Issuing Bank hereby specifically agrees to effect payment if this Letter of Credit is drawn against, in accordance with the terms and conditions of such Letter of Credit, within thirty (30) days after resumption of our business. 
 This Letter of Credit and the qualification of the Issuing Bank or confirming bank complies with New York Insurance Department Reg 133 (11 N.Y.C.R.R. Part 79), as of the date hereof. In compliance with Reg 133, this Letter of Credit is issued, presentable and payable at the physical location in the U.S. of a Qualified Bank, as defined in Reg 133. 
 
 5 Insert the names of the Issuing Banks that are not a qualified bank within the meaning of New York Insurance Department Regulation 133, 11 N.Y.C.R.R. Part 79, as amended from time to time. 
 6 To be inserted in case any Issuing Bank is not a qualified bank within the meaning of New York Insurance Department Regulation 133, 11 N.Y.C.R.R. pt. 79, as amended from time to time. 
 7 Must be filled in with the names of a qualified bank within the meaning of New York Insurance Department Regulation 133, 11 N.Y.C.R.R. pt. 79, as amended from time to time, with a US Location. 
 8 Or such shorter or longer period of time as may be agreed between Jackson Financial Inc. and the Agent. 

By your acceptance hereof, you agree that (i) the Agent, in such capacity, shall have no obligation or liability to honor any drawing under this Letter of Credit, provided, however, that nothing in this clause (i) shall relieve the Agent of its obligations, if any, (a) as an Issuing Bank, (b) as a Confirming Bank or (c) to make payment hereunder for your account with funds transferred to the Agent by other Issuing Banks with respect to sight drafts presented by you (ii) neither any Issuing Bank nor the Agent shall be responsible for the obligations of any other Issuing Bank, including any obligation to make payment hereunder and (iii) an Issuing Bank may assign in full or in part any or all of its obligations to another bank(s) and in such event the assignee bank(s) would becoming Issuing Bank(s) (as the case may be) in the applicable percentage(s) or the assignor bank who would cease to be obligated under this Letter of Credit to the extent of such assigned obligations provided that no such event will reduce the then available amount under this Letter of Credit. 
 Upon the occurrence of any such event contemplated in (iii) above, the Agent will provide prompt notice to you of such event, including any change in the identities of the Issuing Banks severally but not jointly liable in respect of the aggregate undrawn amount of this Letter of Credit (based upon their respective applicable percentages thereof) and any change in such applicable percentages (and in the identities of any related Confirming Banks). 
 The Agent has signed this Letter of Credit as agent for disclosed principals and accordingly shall be under no obligation to the Beneficiary except to the extent of its obligation as the Agent hereunder. 
 Very truly yours 
 
 as Agent 
 for and on behalf of 
 The Issuing Banks (as per attached Appendix 1) 

APPENDIX 1 
 Issuing Banks' L C Proportions 
 Name and Address of Issuing Bank Name and Address of Confirming Bank (if applicable) Percentage Obligation Total Value 

APPENDIX 2 
 Form of Demand (U.S. dollars) 
 on Beneficiary s letterhead 
 Dear Sir Madam 
 Beneficiary 
 LETTER OF CREDIT NO. 
 With reference to the above, we hereby claim payment of U.S. dollars (USD the amount of which should be paid to the following account 

EXHIBIT C-1 
 Form of Letter of Credit Request 
 Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent 
 under the Credit Agreement referred to below 
 NAME OF FRONTING ISSUING BANK , as Fronting Issuing Bank 
 under the Credit Agreement referred to below 
 _________ __, ____ 
 Attention 
 Re (the Obligor 
 Reference is made to the Credit Agreement, dated as of February 24, 2023 (as the same may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among Jackson Financial Inc., the Subsidiary Account Parties from time to time party thereto, the Banks from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A. as administrative agent. Capitalized terms used herein without definition are used as defined in the Credit Agreement. 
 The Obligor hereby gives you notice pursuant to Section 2.01(b) of the Credit Agreement, of its request for your issuance of a Syndicated Fronted Letter of Credit, in the form attached hereto, for the benefit of Name and address of Beneficiary , in the amount of _________, to be issued on _________, ___ (the Issue Date with an expiration date of _________, ___. The requested terms and conditions of the Syndicated Fronted Letter of Credit are contained in the form attached hereto. 
 The Obligor hereby gives you notice pursuant to Section 2.01(b) of the Credit Agreement, of its request for your amendment of the Syndicated Fronted Letter of Credit attached hereto, currently issued for the benefit of Name and address of Beneficiary . The Obligor requests that the amended Syndicated Fronted Letter of Credit be in the form attached hereto, for the benefit of the Beneficiary, in the amount of _________, to be amended as of _________, ___ (the Amendment Date with an expiration date of _________, ___. The requested terms and conditions of the amended Syndicated Fronted Letter of Credit are contained in the form attached hereto. 
 The Obligor hereby gives you notice pursuant to Section 2.01(b) of the Credit Agreement, of its request for your extension of the expiration date of the Syndicated Fronted Letter of Credit attached hereto, for the benefit of Name and address of Beneficiary . The Obligor requests that the extension take effect on _________, ___ (the Extension Date with a new expiration date of_________, ___. The terms and conditions of the Syndicated Fronted Letter of Credit otherwise remain the same and are contained in the Syndicated Fronted Letter of Credit attached hereto. 
 , 
 as the Obligor 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 

EXHIBIT C-2 
 Form of Letter of Credit Application 
 Attached. 

EXHIBIT D 
 Form of Assignment and Assumption 
 ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 
 This Assignment and Assumption (the Assignment and Assumption is dated as of the Transfer Date set forth below and is entered into by and between Insert name of Assignor (the Assignor and Insert name of Assignee (the Assignee ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement identified below (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by the Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment and Assumption as if set forth herein in full. 
 For an agreed consideration, the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from the Assignor, subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Transfer Date inserted by the Administrative Agent as contemplated below (i) all of the Assignor s rights and obligations in its capacity as a Bank under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto to the extent related to the amount and percentage interest identified below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of the Assignor under the facility identified below and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of the Assignor (in its capacity as a Bank) against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the credit transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being referred to herein collectively as the Assigned Interest ). Such sale and assignment is without recourse to the Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment and Assumption, without representation or warranty by the Assignor. 

Assignor Assignee and is an Affiliate of identify Bank 
 Administrative Agent Bank of America, N.A., as the administrative agent under the Credit Agreement Credit Agreement Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of February 24 , 2023, among Jackson Financial Inc., the Subsidiary Account Parties from time to time party thereto, the Banks from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent Assigned Interest Facility Assigned Aggregate 
 Amount of 
 Commitment LC 
 Exposure for all 
 Banks 
 Amount of 
 Commitment LC 
 Exposure 
 Assigned 
 Percentage 
 Assigned of 
 Commitment LC 
 Exposure 9 

Transfer Date , 20 TO BE INSERTED BY ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT AND WHICH SHALL BE THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF RECORDATION OF TRANSFER IN THE REGISTER THEREFOR. 

9 Set forth, to at least 9 decimals, as a percentage of the Commitment LC Exposure of all Banks thereunder. 

The terms set forth in this Assignment and Assumption are hereby agreed to 
 ASSIGNOR 
 NAME OF ASSIGNOR 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 ASSIGNEE 
 NAME OF ASSIGNEE 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 

Consented to and Accepted 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 Consented to 
 NAME OF FRONTING ISSUING BANK 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 Consented to 
 JACKSON FINANCIAL INC. 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 

ANNEX 1 
 STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR 
 ASSIGNMENT AND ASSUMPTION 
 1. Representations and Warranties . 
 1.1 Assignor . The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned Interest, (ii) the Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim and (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Credit Agreement or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person obligated in respect of the Credit Agreement or (iv) the performance or observance by the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under the Credit Agreement. 
 1.2 Assignee . The Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is a NAIC Approved Bank, (ii) it is not a Defaulting Bank, (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment and Assumption and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Bank under the Credit Agreement, (iv) it satisfies the requirements, if any, specified in the Credit Agreement that are required to be satisfied by it in order to acquire the Assigned Interest and become a Bank, (v) from and after the Transfer Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Bank thereunder and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Bank thereunder, (vi) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, together with copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.01 thereof, as applicable, and such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment and Assumption and to purchase the Assigned Interest on the basis of which it has made such analysis and decision independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent or any other Bank, and (vii) if it is a Bank that is not incorporated under the laws of the United States of America or any state thereof, attached to this Assignment and Assumption is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by the Assignee and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, the Assignor or any other Bank, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Credit Agreement, and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Credit Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Bank. 
 2. Payments . From and after the Transfer Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect of the Assigned Interest (including payments of reimbursement obligations, interest, fees and other amounts) to the Assignor for amounts which have accrued to but excluding the Transfer Date and to the Assignee for amounts which have accrued from and after the Transfer Date. 
 3. General Provisions . This Assignment and Assumption shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. This Assignment and Assumption may be executed in any number of counterparts, which together shall constitute one instrument. Any signature to this Assignment and Assumption may be delivered by facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf) or any electronic signature complying 

with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000 or the New York Electronic Signature and Records Act or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. This Assignment and Assumption shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York. 

EXHIBIT E 
 Form of Confirming Bank Agreement 
 Letterhead of Issuing Bank 
 , 20__ 
 Name of Confirming Bank 
 Address 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 Reference is made to the Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of February 24, 2023 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented and otherwise modified and in effect on the date hereof, the Credit Agreement ), among Jackson Financial Inc., the Subsidiary Account Parties from time to time party thereto, the Banks from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent for the Banks. Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used herein with the same meanings. 
 The undersigned is an issuing Bank (the Issuing Bank under the Credit Agreement but is not on the date hereof a bank listed on the most current List of Qualified U.S. Financial Institutions approved by the NAIC. Accordingly, in order to be an NAIC Approved Bank for the purposes of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby requests that you be a Confirming Bank with respect to the undersigned for the purposes of the Credit Agreement and each Letter of Credit issued by the Issuing Bank thereunder. 
 By your signature below, you undertake that any draft drawn under and in strict compliance with the terms of any Letter of Credit issued by the Issuing Bank under the Credit Agreement will be duly honored by you as if, and to the extent, you were the Issuing Bank under such Letter of Credit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, your liability under all Letters of Credit at any one time issued under the Credit Agreement shall be limited to an amount (the Liability Limit equal to the Commitment of the undersigned under the Credit Agreement in effect on the date hereof (an amount equal to ), as such Liability Limit may be increased after the date hereof with your prior written consent by reason of an increase in the Commitment of the undersigned under the Credit Agreement. In addition, you hereby irrevocably appoint and designate the Administrative Agent as your attorney-in-fact, acting through any duly authorized officer of Bank of America, N.A., to execute and deliver, at any time prior to the Commitment Termination Date in effect on the date of this letter agreement, in your name and on your behalf each Letter of Credit to be confirmed by you in accordance herewith and with the Credit Agreement. You agree that, promptly upon the request of the Administrative Agent, you will furnish to the Administrative Agent such powers of attorney or other evidence as any beneficiary of any Letter of Credit may reasonably request in order to demonstrate that the Administrative Agent has the power to act as attorney-in-fact for you in connection with the execution and delivery of such Letter of Credit. 
 In consideration of the foregoing, the undersigned agrees that if you shall make any LC Disbursement in respect of any Letter of Credit, regardless of the identity of the account party of such Letter of Credit, the undersigned shall reimburse you by paying to you an amount equal to the amount of the LC Disbursement made by you, such payment to be made not later than 5 00 p.m., New York City time, on the Domestic Business Day immediately following the day that the undersigned receives notice of such LC Disbursement. The undersigned s obligations to reimburse you as provided in the foregoing sentence shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this letter agreement 

under any and all circumstances whatsoever, and irrespective of any event or circumstance of the type described in Section 2.11(b) of the Credit Agreement (or of any analogous event or circumstance relating to the undersigned). 
 If any LC Disbursement is made by you, then, unless the undersigned shall reimburse the amount of such LC Disbursement to you in full on the date such LC Disbursement is made by you, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such LC Disbursement is made to but excluding the date of reimbursement, at the rate per annum equal to (i) the Federal Funds Rate to but excluding the date three Business Days after such LC Disbursement and (ii) from and including the date three Business Days after such LC Disbursement, 2 plus the Federal Funds Rate. 
 This letter agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of New York. 
 Please indicate your acceptance of the foregoing terms and conditions by signing the three enclosed copies of this letter agreement and returning (a) one such signed copy to the undersigned at the address indicated above, (b) one such signed copy to the Administrative Agent at Bank of America, N.A., Trade Operations, 1 Fleet Way, Mail Code PA6-580-02-30, Scranton, PA 18507, Attention Michael A. Grizzanti (Tel. No. (570)496-9621 Fax No. (800) 755-8743) and (c) one such signed copy to the Company at its address set forth on the Company s signature page of the Credit Agreement. 
 NAME OF ISSUING BANK 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 AGREED AS AFORESAID 
 NAME OF CONFIRMING BANK 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 

EXHIBIT F 
 FORM OF 
 MATURITY DATE EXTENSION REQUEST 
 Date 
 Bank of America, N.A. 
 Agency Management 
 555 California Steet, 6 th Floor 
 San Francisco, CA 94104 
 Attention Aamir Saleem 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 Reference is made to the Credit Agreement dated as of February 24, 2023 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among Jackson Financial Inc., the Subsidiary Account Parties from time to time party thereto, the Banks from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings assigned to them in the Credit Agreement. In accordance with Section 2.18 of the Credit Agreement, the undersigned hereby requests an extension of the Maturity Date for an additional period of days. 
 JACKSON FINANCIAL INC., as Borrower, 
 By 
 
 Name 
 Title 

EXHIBIT G 
 Form of Subsidiary Joinder Agreement 
 , 20 
 To Bank of America, N.A., 
 as Administrative Agent 
 Agency Management 
 555 California Steet, 6 th Floor 
 San Francisco, CA 94104 
 Attention Aamir Saleem 
 Each of the Banks party to the 
 Credit Agreement referred to below 
 Re Subsidiary Joinder Agreement 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 Reference is made to the Credit Agreement dated as of February 24, 2023 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), among Jackson Financial Inc. (the Company ), the Subsidiary Account Parties from time to time party thereto, the Banks from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A., as the Administrative Agent (the Administrative Agent ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement. 
 The Company and the Subject Subsidiary (as identified on the signature pages below), have executed and hereby deliver this Subsidiary Joinder Agreement, pursuant to Section 9.13(a) of the Credit Agreement, in order to designate the Subject Subsidiary as a Subsidiary Account Party to the Credit Agreement. 
 Accordingly, the Company and the Subject Subsidiary hereby represent and warrant and agree that as of the Joinder Effective Date (as defined below) 
 1. the Subject Subsidiary is a direct or indirect wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company 
 2. the Subject Subsidiary is subject to and bound by each of the obligations of a Subsidiary Account Party contained in the Credit Agreement as if the Subject Subsidiary were an original signatory to such Credit Agreement 
 3. no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing under the Credit Agreement 
 4. the guarantee of the Company contained in Section 2.01(h) of the Credit Agreement applies to all of the obligations of the Subject Subsidiary pursuant thereto and 
 5. the Subject Subsidiary s addresses for notices, other communications and service of process provided for in the Credit Agreement shall be given in the manner, and with the effect, specified in Sections 9.01 and 9.09(c) of the Credit Agreement to it at its Address for Notices specified on the signature pages below. 

This Subsidiary Joinder Agreement shall become effective as of the date (the Joinder Effective Date on which the Administrative Agent confirms its acceptance of this Subsidiary Joinder Agreement as provided on the signature pages below in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement. As of the Joinder Effective Date, the Subject Subsidiary shall be entitled to the rights, and subject to the obligations, of a Subsidiary Account Party contained in the Credit Agreement. Except as expressly herein agreed with respect to the joinder of the Subject Subsidiary as a Subsidiary Account Party, the Credit Agreement shall remain unchanged and in full force and effect. 
 This Subsidiary Joinder Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Any signature to this Subsidiary Joinder Agreement may be delivered by facsimile, electronic mail (including pdf) or any electronic signature complying with the U.S. federal ESIGN Act of 2000 or the New York Electronic Signature and Records Act or other transmission method and any counterpart so delivered shall be deemed to have been duly and validly delivered and be valid and effective for all purposes to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. This Subsidiary Joinder Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the law of the State of New York. 

COMPANY 
 JACKSON FINANCIAL INC. 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 SUBJECT SUBSIDIARY 
 _________________________ 
 a _____________________ corporation 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 Address for Notices 
 _________________________ 
 _________________________ 
 _________________________ 
 Attn 
 Tel __________________________ 
 Fax __________________________ 
 Agreed and Accepted 
 this ____ th day of ____ , 20 _ 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., 
 as Administrative Agent 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 

EXHIBIT H 
 Form of Subsidiary Termination Notice 
 Date 
 To Bank of America, N.A. (the Administrative Agent 
 From Jackson Financial Inc. (the Company 
 Re Credit Agreement dated as of February 24, 2023 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement among the Company, the Subsidiary Account Parties from time to time party thereto, the Banks from time to time party thereto (the Banks and the Administrative Agent 
 The Company hereby gives notice pursuant to Section 9.13(b) of the Credit Agreement that, effective as of the date hereof and subject to the conditions set forth in Section 9.13(b) of the Credit Agreement, ___________ is terminated as a Subsidiary Account Party under the Credit Agreement and all commitments by the Banks to issue Letters of Credit for account of such Subsidiary Account Party under the Credit Agreement are hereby terminated. 
 Pursuant to Section 9.13(b) of the Credit Agreement, the Company hereby certifies that there is no LC Exposure outstanding with respect to any Letter of Credit outstanding with respect to which ___________ is the account party. 
 All obligations of ___________ arising in respect of any period in which ___________ was, or on account of any action or inaction taken by ___________ as, a Subsidiary Account Party under the Credit Agreement shall survive the termination effected by this notice. 
 Terms used herein have the meanings assigned to them in the Credit Agreement. 
 JACKSON FINANCIAL INC. 
 By 
 Authorized Officer 

</EX-10.8>

<EX-10.12>
 4
 exhibit1012pchadmyerslette.htm
 EX-10.12

Document 
 
 Exhibit 10.12 

December 28, 2022 
 
 Home street address omitted 
 East Lansing, MI 48823 
 United States of America 
 
 Dear Chad 
 
 This letter confirms the terms of your continued employment with Jackson National Life Insurance Company Company or Jackson and association with Jackson Financial Inc. and Jackson Holdings LLC JH LLC following your transition from Vice Chair of JHLLC to a Senior Advisor position with Jac ks on. Your new role as Senior Advisor is effective January 1, 2023 and is subject to the terms and conditions that appear below. No other agreements regarding your compensation as a Senior Advisor with Jackson exist, expressed or implied. 
 
 Your Section 16 status as a Jackson executive officer will end on December 31, 2022 at 11 59 pm ET effective prior to your transition to Senior Advisor on Jan uary 1, 2023. You agree to take any and all steps t o effectuate your termination of your Section 16 status and resignation from your roles w ith the Company's subsidiaries and affiliates as described in Appendix A. As Senior Advisor, you remain an at-will associate of Jackson and may terminate your employment at any time, with or without notice. Similarly, Jackson may terminate your employment at any time, with or without cause. 
 
 Your salary will be eighty thousand dollars 80,000) per month, subject to normal tax withholding, until your employment ceases. You will remain eligible to participate in the Company's 401(k) plan, nonqualified deferred compensation plan, and the fringe, health and welfare benefit plans that are available to similarly situated associates, sub je ct to the terms and conditions of the applicable plan documents. 
 
 Yo u will be ineligible to accrue or r eceive an annual bonus for services performed as Senior Advisor on and after January 1, 2023. You will also be ineligible to (1) receive additional grants under the Jackson Financial Inc. 2021Omnibus Incentive Plan OIP ), and (2) participate in, accrue, or receive cash remuneration under the Jackson F in ancial Inc. Severance Plan Severance Plan ). It is understood and agreed that your voluntary transition to Senior Advisor on January 1, 2023 and related changes do not constitute Good Reason under the Severance Plan or under the OIP and associated award agreements. 
 
 You will report to chief executive officer, Laura Prieskorn. Jackson reasonably anticipates that your level of service as Senior Advisor will meet or exceed 20 of the average leve l of services that you provided as a Jackson associate during the 36-month period immediately preceding January 1, 2023. Accordingly, your transition to Senior Advisor will not trigger payment of plan year balances under the Jackson National Life Insurance Company Management Deferred Income Plan MDIP that have pay at separation elections. Such payments will occur following (1) your separation from service with the Company as defined in the MDIP and the Internal Revenue Code Section 409A Section 409A ), and (2) a subsequent six-month delay applicable to pay at separation payments due to your status as a specified employee under Section 409A. 

Jackson ' is the marketing name for Jackson National life Insurance Company (Home Office Lansing, Michigan) and Jackson National Life Insurance Company of New York ' (Home Office Purchase, New York). 
 CMC22048 05 21 

Thank you for your continued service to Jackson. Please contact me with any questions regarding the foregoing . 
 Sincerely , 
 s Dana Rapier 
 
 Dana Rapier 
 SVP, Chief Human Resources Officer 

I agree to the above terms and conditions s Chad Myers 12 29 2022 
 Chad Myers Date 

Appendix A 

December 31, 2022 

Laura Prieskorn, Chief Executive Off i cer and President 
 Jackson Financial Inc. 
 1 Corporate Way 
 Lansing , MI 48951 
 
 Dear Ms. Prieskorn 
 
 I hereby resign from my positions with Jackson Financial lnc. ' s subsidiaries, listed below, effective December 31, 2022. 
 
 Jackson Holdings LLC, Vice Chairman 
 Jackson National Asset Management LLC, Manager 
 PPM America Inc. , Director 
 PPM Holdings Inc. , Director 

Sincerely, 
 
 s Chad Myers 
 
 Chad Myers 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 exhibit211listofsubsidiari.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF JACKSON FINANCIAL INC. 
 
 Jackson Financial Inc. s subsidiaries as of December 31, 2022 are listed below . (1) 
 
 Legal Name State or Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization Allied Life Brokerage Agency, Inc. Iowa B2B Solutions, LLC Delaware Brier Capital LLC Michigan Brooke Life Insurance Company Michigan Hermitage Management, LLC Michigan Jackson Charitable Foundation, Inc. Michigan Jackson Finance LLC Michigan Jackson Holdings LLC Delaware Jackson National Asset Management LLC Michigan Jackson National Life (Bermuda) Ltd. Bermuda Jackson National Life Distributors LLC Delaware Jackson National Life Insurance Agency, LLC Illinois Jackson National Life Insurance Company Michigan Jackson National Life Insurance Company of New York New York Mission Plans of America, Inc. Texas National Planning Holdings LLC Delaware NNN AGP Opportunities Fund, L.P. Delaware Old Hickory Fund I, LLC Delaware PGDS (US ONE) LLC Delaware PPM America, Inc. Delaware PPM America Capital Partners III, LLC Delaware PPM America Capital Partners VIII, LLC Delaware PPM Funds Massachusetts PPM Holdings, Inc Delaware PPM Loan Management Company 2, LLC Delaware PPM America Private Equity Fund III LP Delaware PPM America Private Equity Fund VII LP Delaware PPM America Private Equity Fund VIII-A LP Delaware REALIC of Jacksonville Plans, Inc. Texas ROP, Inc. Delaware Squire Capital I LLC Michigan Squire Capital II LLC Michigan Squire Reassurance Company II, Inc. Michigan Squire Reassurance Company LLC Michigan VFL International Life Company SPC, Ltd. Cayman Islands Allied Life Brokerage Agency, Inc. Iowa Brier Capital LLC Michigan Brooke Life Insurance Company Michigan 

Hermitage Management, LLC Michigan Jackson Charitable Foundation, Inc. Michigan Jackson Finance LLC Michigan Jackson Holdings LLC Delaware Jackson National Asset Management LLC Michigan Jackson National Life (Bermuda) Ltd. Bermuda Jackson National Life Distributors LLC Delaware Jackson National Life Insurance Agency, LLC Illinois Jackson National Life Insurance Company Michigan Jackson National Life Insurance Company of New York New York Mission Plans of America, Inc. Texas National Planning Holdings LLC Delaware PGDS (US ONE) LLC Delaware PPM America, Inc. Delaware PPM America Capital Partners III, LLC Delaware PPM America Capital Partners VIII, LLC Delaware PPM Funds Massachusetts PPM Holdings, Inc Delaware PPM Loan Management Company 2, LLC Delaware REALIC of Jacksonville Plans, Inc. Texas ROP, Inc. Delaware Squire Capital I LLC Michigan Squire Capital II LLC Michigan Squire Reassurance Company II, Inc. Michigan Squire Reassurance Company LLC Michigan VFL International Life Company SPC, Ltd. Cayman Islands Wynnefield Private Equity Partners I, LP Delaware 
 
 (1) Reflects subsidiaries that Jackson Financial Inc., directly or indirectly, controls by virtue of having share ownership greater than 50 . 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 exhibit231auditorsconsent_.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statement (No. 333-259967) on Form S-8, the registration statement (No. 333-262359) on Form S-3, and the registration statement (No. 333-266832) on Form S-4 of our reports dated March 1, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules I to V of Jackson Financial Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s KPMG LLP 
 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 March 1, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 exhibit311fy_202210-k.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Laura L. Prieskorn, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Jackson Financial Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 1, 2023 

s Laura L. Prieskorn 
 Laura L. Prieskorn 
 President and 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 exhibit312fy_202210-k.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 I, Marcia L. Wadsten, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Jackson Financial Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 1, 2023 

s Marcia Wadsten 
 Marcia Wadsten 
 Executive Vice President and 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 exhibit321fy_202210-k.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 by the 
 Chief Executive Officer, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code), the undersigned officer of Jackson Financial Inc. (the Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date March 1, 2023 

s Laura L. Prieskorn 
 Laura L. Prieskorn 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 exhibit322fy_202210-k.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 by the 
 Chief Financial Officer, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code), the undersigned officer of Jackson Financial Inc. (the Company ), does hereby certify, to such officer s knowledge, that the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date March 1, 2023 

s Marcia Wadsten 
 Marcia Wadsten 
 Executive Vice President and 
 Chief Financial Office r 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 jxn-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 jxn-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 jxn-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 jxn-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 jxn-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

