<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230214_10-K_edgar_data_1364479_0001364479-23-000006.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14731850</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>289359</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2278389</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5124901</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3661740</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3108763</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001364479-23-000006.hdr.sgml : 20230214
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230214063254
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001364479-23-000006
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		136
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HERC HOLDINGS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001364479
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MISCELLANEOUS EQUIPMENT RENTAL & LEASING [7350]
		IRS NUMBER:				203530539
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33139
		FILM NUMBER:		23622079

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		27500 RIVERVIEW CENTER BLVD
		CITY:			BONITA SPRINGS
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34134
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(239) 301-1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		27500 RIVERVIEW CENTER BLVD
		CITY:			BONITA SPRINGS
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			34134

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HERTZ GLOBAL HOLDINGS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060531

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001364479-23-000006.txt : 20230214

10-K
 1
 hri-20221231.htm
 10-K

hri-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 
 , 
 ) 
 (Address, including Zip Code, and telephone number, 
 including area code, of registrant's principal executive offices) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of Securities Act. No o 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Smaller reporting company Accelerated filer Emerging growth company Non-accelerated filer 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter, based on the closing price of the stock on the New York Stock Exchange on such date, was billion. 
 As of February 10, 2023, there were shares of the registrant's common stock outstanding. 
 Documents incorporated by reference: 

Table of Contents 

 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 INDEX 
 Page Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 i 
 PART I 
 ITEM 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 ITEM 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 9 
 ITEM 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 20 
 ITEM 2. 
 Properties 
 20 
 ITEM 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 20 
 ITEM 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 21 
 PART II 
 ITEM 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 22 
 ITEM 6. 
 Reserved 
 23 
 ITEM 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 ITEM 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 33 
 ITEM 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 34 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 34 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 36 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 37 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 38 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 39 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 40 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 42 
 ITEM 9 . 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 76 
 ITEM 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 76 
 ITEM 9B. 
 Other Information 
 76 
 ITEM 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections 
 76 
 PART III 
 ITEM 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 77 
 ITEM 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 77 
 ITEM 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 77 
 ITEM 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 77 
 ITEM 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 77 
 PART IV 
 ITEM 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule 
 78 
 ITEM 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 80 
 SIGNATURES 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (this "Report") includes "forward-looking statements," as that term is defined by the federal securities laws. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning our business plans and strategy, projected profitability, performance or cash flows, future capital expenditures, our growth strategy, including our ability to grow organically and through M A, anticipated financing needs, business trends, the impact of and our response to COVID-19, our capital allocation strategy, liquidity and capital management and other information that is not historical information. Forward looking statements are generally identified by the words "estimates," "expects," "anticipates," "projects," "plans," "intends," "believes," "forecasts," "looks," and future or conditional verbs, such as "will," "should," "could" or "may," as well as variations of such words or similar expressions. All forward-looking statements are based upon our current expectations and various assumptions and apply only as of the date of this Report. Our expectations, beliefs and projections are expressed in good faith and we believe there is a reasonable basis for them. However, there can be no assurance that our expectations, beliefs and projections will be achieved. 
 
 There are a number of risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those suggested by our forward-looking statements, including those set forth in Part I, Item 1A "Risk Factors" in this Report and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. All forward-looking statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by such cautionary statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements that have been made to reflect events or circumstances that arise after the date made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 

i 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 PART I 
 ITEM l. BUSINESS 

Our Company 
 Herc Holdings Inc. ("we," "us," "our," "Herc Holdings," or the "Company") is one of the leading equipment rental suppliers with 356 locations in North America. We conduct substantially all of our operations through subsidiaries, including Herc Rentals Inc. ("Herc"). With over 57 years of experience, we are a full-line equipment rental supplier offering a broad portfolio of equipment for rent. In addition to our principal business of equipment rental, we sell used equipment and contractor supplies such as construction consumables, tools, small equipment and safety supplies; provide repair, maintenance, equipment management services and safety training to certain of our customers; offer equipment re-rental services and provide on-site support to our customers; and provide ancillary services such as equipment transport, rental protection, cleaning, refueling and labor. 
 
 Our classic fleet includes aerial, earthmoving, material handling, trucks and trailers, air compressors, compaction and lighting. Our equipment rental business is supported by ProSolutions , our industry-specific solutions-based services, which includes power generation, climate control, remediation and restoration, pump, trench shoring, studio and production equipment, and our ProContractor professional grade tools. 
 
 Corporate History 
 On June 30, 2016, we, in our previous form as the holding company of both the existing equipment rental operations as well as the former vehicle rental operations (in its form prior to the Spin-Off, "Hertz Holdings"), completed a spin-off (the "Spin-Off") of our global vehicle rental business through a dividend to stockholders of all of the issued and outstanding common stock of Hertz Rental Car Holding Company, Inc., which was re-named Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. ("New Hertz"). New Hertz continues to operate its global vehicle rental business through its operating subsidiaries including The Hertz Corporation ("THC"). We changed our name to Herc Holdings Inc. on June 30, 2016, and trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "HRI." 
 
 Herc was incorporated in Delaware in 1965. Since its incorporation and until the Spin-Off, Herc was a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hertz Holdings or one of its subsidiaries operating its equipment rental business. Since the Spin-Off, Herc has been a wholly-owned subsidiary of Herc Holdings. Herc Holdings was incorporated in Delaware in 2005 under a previous name. 
 
 Our Industry 
 The equipment rental industry serves a diverse group of customers from individuals and small local contractors to large national accounts providing a wide variety of rental equipment including mid-size and heavy equipment, specialty equipment and contractor tools. The equipment rental industry is highly fragmented with few national competitors and many regional and local operators. 
 
 The growth and financial health of the North American equipment rental industry is driven by a number of factors including economic trends, non-residential construction activity, capital investment in the industrial sector, repair, maintenance and overhaul spending, government spending and demand for construction and other rental equipment generally, including for remediation and re-building efforts related to natural disasters. We believe that companies have increasingly turned to the equipment rental market to manage their capital needs, which allows our customers to operate their businesses without incurring the significant acquisition cost and maintenance expense associated with owning their own equipment fleet. We believe the trend from equipment ownership to rental in the North American construction industry will continue in the near term. 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM l. BUSINESS (Continued) 

Our Competitive Strengths 
 Our competitive strengths include the following: 
 A Market Leader in North America with Significant Scale and Broad Footprint We believe we are one of the largest equipment rental companies in the North American equipment rental industry, with an estimated 4 market share by revenue and 356 locations in 42 states in the United States and five provinces in Canada. Our scale compared to most of our competitors provides us with a number of significant competitive advantages including: 
 
 the ability to provide premium brands and a comprehensive line of equipment and services, allowing us to be a single-source solution for our customers; 
 the ability to track utilization and facilitate the seamless transfer of our fleet across multiple locations to adjust to local customer demand; 
 a geographic footprint that allows us to maintain proximity and local expertise to serve our customers in local markets as well as serve national accounts with geographically dispersed equipment rental needs; 
 favorable purchasing power or volume discount pricing opportunities on material and equipment; 
 operational cost efficiencies across our organization, including with respect to purchasing, information technology, back-office support and marketing; 
 a national sales force with significant expertise across our equipment fleet; and 
 industry-specific expertise to assist our customers with customized solutions. 
 
 Since the North American equipment rental industry is highly fragmented, with very few national competitors, we believe that the majority of our competitors do not enjoy these same advantages. 
 
 Diverse Customer Markets We provide equipment rental services to customers in a wide variety of large markets, including contractors in commercial and residential construction, specialty and remediation and environmental sectors; industrial, including energy, chemical processing and manufacturing; infrastructure, such as highway and bridges, railroads and sewer and waste disposal; and other industries such as facilities management and entertainment production and services. We believe that diversification of our customer base reduces our exposure to any particular market. 
 
 Large, Diverse and High-Quality Equipment Fleet Our equipment fleet represents a significant investment and reflects our commitment to providing an array of rental equipment to our customers in a variety of industries. We offer a wide range of equipment from leading, globally-known original equipment manufacturers who we believe provide reliable equipment. We also offer a wide range of professional grade tools that target professional contractors. Our extensive and high-quality rental fleet enables us to serve a diverse customer base that requires large quantities and/or varied types of equipment for rent. Our increasing portfolio of specialty equipment further expands our capabilities and customer reach. 
 
 In recent years, we have diversified our portfolio into a variety of niche markets that experience business cycles that may vary in intensity and duration from that of the general economy. We believe this diversification also positions us to take advantage of any increase in demand for more specialized rental solutions. 
 
 Established National Accounts Program Our national account program provides us with longer rental durations for much of our equipment, with many of our larger customers renting equipment from us for use in large, complex projects. These arrangements provide a number of additional benefits, including recurring revenue, attractive credit profiles, improved fleet utilization and enhanced presence in new markets. National accounts represented 43 of equipment rental revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. Through our national customer relationship program, our sales teams serve as a single point of contact for those customers' equipment rental needs. This enables us to be a full end-to-end solutions provider. 
 
 Superior Customer Service We have a well-established reputation for superior customer service, which has been a competitive differentiator for us throughout our history. Senior management remains focused on enhancing our customer service focused culture. We provide a suite of comprehensive services to support our customers and to maintain and service the equipment we rent. We spend significant time and resources training our personnel to effectively address the needs of our customers. We believe that these initiatives help support our pricing strategy and foster customer loyalty. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM l. BUSINESS (Continued) 

Range of Value-Added Services We offer a suite of customer-focused services. These services include equipment transport, fleet management and telematics, power solutions, on-site services and customized advice, re-rental options, and parts and supplies sales. This combination of services is designed to offer comprehensive value-added solutions to our customers that complement and enhance the rental equipment we offer. 
 
 Experienced Senior Leadership Team We have an experienced senior leadership team committed to maintaining operational excellence with an average of approximately 23 years of experience in the equipment rental and heavy equipment industries. Our senior leadership team has extensive knowledge of all aspects of these industries, particularly in North America. Our team is dedicated to providing our customers a quality rental experience and is committed to further improving our performance capabilities. 
 
 Our Strategy 
 Our long-term strategy is focused on the following priorities: grow the core and expand specialty; elevate technology; integrate environmental, social and governance ("ESG") and allocate capital. 
 
 Grow the Core and Expand Specialty We are focusing on growing our core equipment, which includes aerial, earth moving, material handling, trucks and trailers, air compressors, compaction and lighting, by investing in more equipment on existing locations to leverage our network. We are expanding our footprint in North America, with a focus on increasing the number of branches in major urban markets through opening new greenfields and targeting strategic acquisitions. Focusing on urban markets allows us to reach diverse end markets and provides a broad customer base. Growing our diverse core equipment rental fleet provides a range of solutions for a variety of customers in these dynamic markets. 
 
 We also seek to achieve ongoing growth via our strategy to expand and diversify our revenues through a broader mix of equipment that increases the range of customers and markets we serve. We are growing our ProSolutions business which offers specialized equipment and services, including technical expertise and customized solutions, for customers and projects, as well as our ProContractor business, which focuses on professional grade tools and equipment that meet their needs. We will continue to offer a comprehensive equipment rental fleet to maintain our market leadership. 
 
 Our footprint expansion includes locations dedicated to our ProSolutions and ProContractor business to better support our growing specialty equipment and services operations. We will continue to pursue initiatives that allow us to drive more volume through existing branches and we will also take advantage of cross-selling opportunities to increase our share of our customers total rental spend. 
 
 Elevate Technology We are elevating the use of technology across the rental consumption chain by making significant investments in our digital platforms and are leveraging the knowledge that we have in serving customers for over fifty years to ensure that those investments create value throughout the rental experience. We are committed to delivering technology that enables us to drive improvements in customers efficiency and productivity. Our redesigned customer platform is based on data-driven business intelligence. We offer a self-service model in which our customers have a real-time view into equipment availability through both a mobile and desktop view. Customers will be presented with spot market pricing models and logistics options and can create their own equipment orders based on the information provided. Our customers are able to manage their equipment, rental contracts, and accounts through our technology platform and are also able to use self-service tools to act upon rental decisions such as extending a contract, adding equipment, or indicating that a job is complete. 
 
 Integrate ESG The equipment rental industry highlights the benefits of a sharing economy by minimizing manufacturing and materials purchasing, and the subsequent reduction of related emissions and pollutants that have been associated with negative impacts to our environment. In addition, by maintaining premium rental equipment and updating it annually, with investments in state-of-the-art fuel- and energy-efficient equipment, we assist our customers in achieving their environmental goals and to operate more cost efficiently than if they were to purchase equipment they don't fully utilize. 
 
 We have established three major initiatives with a goal to be completed by 2030, using 2019 as our base year for measurement. We intend to reduce our Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emission intensity by 25 ; reduce our non-toxic waste intensity to landfill by 25 , and continue to improve our safety annually, with a Total Reportable Incident Rate of 0.49 or lower. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM l. BUSINESS (Continued) 

Allocate Capital We are committed to delivering long-term sustainable value for shareholders with a balanced, disciplined, and opportunistic approach to capital deployment. Over the past five years, we have laid the foundation for growth and as we continue to invest in the business we will generate surplus capital that we intend to allocate through further investment in rental equipment, strategic acquisitions, distributions to shareholders with a quarterly dividend that began in the fourth quarter of 2021 and resumption of opportunistic repurchases under our existing share repurchase program. 
 
 Our Products and Services 
 Our principal products and services are described below. 
 
 Equipment Rental We offer for rent, on an hourly, daily, weekly or monthly basis, equipment from a variety of leading, globally known original equipment manufacturers, with which we maintain strong relationships. The equipment is typically new at the time of acquisition and is not subject to any repurchase program. As of December 31, 2022, the average age of our equipment fleet was 48 months. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our rental fleet consisted of equipment with a total original equipment cost, based on the guidelines of the American Rental Association, of 5.64 billion. The following table provides a breakdown of the composition of our equipment rental fleet based on original equipment cost: 
 of Original Equipment Cost December 31, Equipment Type 2022 2021 Aerial 23.3 23.5 Specialty 23.9 23.5 Material Handling 17.4 17.7 Earthmoving 12.9 13.9 Other 22.5 21.4 
 
 Sales of Used Rental Equipment We routinely sell our used rental equipment to manage repair and maintenance costs, as well as the composition, age and size of our fleet. We dispose of our used equipment through a variety of channels, including retail sales to customers and other third parties, sales to wholesalers, brokered sales and auctions. 
 
 Sales of New Equipment, Parts and Supplies We also sell new equipment. The types of new equipment that we sell vary by location and include a variety of ProContractor tools and supplies, small equipment (such as work lighting, generators, pumps, and compaction equipment and power trowels), safety supplies and expendables. 
 
 Our Customers 
 We have a wide range of customers across diverse markets with a large base of local small to mid-size customers as well as customers seeking specialty solutions or equipment. The principal markets we serve, based on our customers Standard Industrial Classification SIC codes, are as follows: 
 Contractors - We serve various types of contractors in non-residential and residential construction, specialty trade, restoration, remediation and environment and facility maintenance. Contractor business represented approximately 35 of our equipment rental revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Industrial - We serve industrial customers across a broad range of industries, including refineries and petrochemical operations, industrial manufacturing including automotive and aerospace, power, metals and mining, agriculture, pulp, paper and wood and food and beverage. We believe that key drivers of growth within the industrial market include increased levels of spending on industrial capital and maintenance, repairs and overhaul. Industrial customers represented approximately 27 of our equipment rental revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Infrastructure and Government - We serve our infrastructure customers across a wide range of projects such as highways and bridges, sewer and waste, railroads and other transportation, utilities as well as all governmental spending. Infrastructure and government represented approximately 16 of our equipment rental revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM l. BUSINESS (Continued) 

Other Customers - In addition, we serve a variety of other customers across a diverse range of industries, including commercial facilities, hospitality, healthcare, recreation, entertainment production and special event management. These customers collectively represented approximately 22 of our equipment rental revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 We operate in mid-size and large urban markets serving a wide range of industries, which enables us to reduce exposure to any single customer or market, with no single customer making up more than 3 of our equipment rental revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. Our footprint and broad customer base also assist in reducing the seasonality of our revenues and the impact from any one market's cycle. 
 
 Sales and Marketing 
 We market and sell our services through a variety of complementary programs. Through a dedicated sales team, we provide our customers with support services, market and application expertise, and sales offerings. For example, we have sales teams committed to servicing various categories of our customer base, including clients in the construction, industrial, government and entertainment industries. Our product experts oversee general rentals and specialty products, providing application support and program management services to our clients. Through our national accounts program, our dedicated sales team provides our large customers with support across a number of diverse geographic, functional and equipment sectors. We also provide client support via our sales coordinators, reservation centers and customer care centers to help customers with their comprehensive needs. 
 
 We advertise our broad range of offerings through industry catalogs, participation and sponsorship of industry events, trade shows, and via the Internet. Additionally, through our website and mobile apps, our customers can arrange for the rental of equipment, browse and purchase used equipment, review our service offerings and manage their fleet and overall account with us. 
 
 Competition 
 Competition in the equipment rental industry is intense, often taking the form of aggressive price competition. Other competitive factors include customer loyalty, changes in market penetration, the introduction of new equipment, services and technology by competitors, changes in marketing, product diversity and quality and the ability to supply equipment and services to customers in a timely, predictable manner. 
 
 Our competitors in the equipment rental industry range from other large national companies to regional and local businesses and include equipment vendors and dealers who both sell and rent equipment directly to customers. The equipment rental industry is highly fragmented, with many companies operating on a regional or local scale and offering a limited number of products. The number of our competitors operating on a national scale is comparatively much smaller, although they often have significant breadth in their rental equipment categories. We believe, based on market and industry data, that we are one of the leading participants in the North American equipment rental industry, with the remainder comprised of a small number of multi-location regional operators and a large number of relatively small, independent businesses serving discrete local markets and specialty rental segments. In North America, the other leading national-scale industry participants are United Rentals, Inc., Ashtead Group plc s Sunbelt Rentals brand and H E Equipment Services, Inc. Aggreko is a global competitor in the power generation rental markets in which we also participate. 
 
 Seasonality 
 Our business is seasonal, with demand for our rental equipment tending to be lower in the winter months, particularly in the northern United States and Canada. Our equipment rental business, especially in the construction industry, has historically experienced decreased levels of business from December until late spring and heightened activity during our third and fourth quarters until December. We have the ability to manage certain costs to meet market demand, such as fleet capacity, the most significant portion of our cost structure. For instance, to accommodate increased demand, we increase our available fleet and staff during the second and third quarters of the year. A number of our other major operating costs vary directly with revenues or transaction volumes; however, certain operating expenses, including rent, insurance and administrative overhead, remain fixed and cannot be adjusted for seasonal demand, typically resulting in higher profitability in periods when our revenues are higher, and lower profitability in periods when our revenues are lower. To reduce the impact of seasonality, we are focused on expanding our customer base through specialty products that serve different industries with less seasonality and different business cycles. See Item 1A "Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business." 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM l. BUSINESS (Continued) 

Intellectual Property 
 We own intellectual property, including trademarks, copyrights and trade secrets, that plays an important role in maintaining our competitive position. While no single copyright or trade secret is, in our opinion, of such value to us that our business would be materially affected by the expiration or termination thereof, taken in the aggregate, these intellectual property rights provide meaningful protection for our business. However, we view the name and primary mark "Herc Rentals" and "Herc" as material to our business as a whole. We own a number of secondary trade names and trademarks applicable to certain aspects of our business that we also view as important. 
 
 Human Capital Management 
 As of December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 6,600 people, some of whom are covered by a variety of union contracts and, in the case of Canadian employees, have governmental regulations affecting, among other things, compensation, job retention rights and pensions. Approximately 585 employees in the United States and 105 employees in Canada are covered by collective bargaining arrangements and we believe that our relations with the labor unions are good. We also employ a number of temporary workers, and engage outside services, as is customary in the industry, principally for the movement of rental equipment between rental locations and the movement of rental equipment to and from customers job sites. 
 
 Oversight and Management Our vision is to be the supplier, employer and investment of choice in our industry. To fulfill this vision, we are investing significant time, effort and resources into recruiting top talent, developing our employees and providing a positive, inclusive and supportive environment. Our Chief Human Resources Officer ("CHRO") is responsible for managing employment-related matters, including recruiting and hiring, onboarding and training, compensation planning, performance management and professional development. In addition, the CEO and CHRO regularly update our Board of Directors and its committees on the operation and status of human capital trends and activities. 
 
 Under the direction of the CEO and CHRO, we conduct an anonymous employee survey on an annual basis to seek feedback from our employees on a variety of topics, including confidence in company leadership, competitiveness of our compensation and benefits package, career growth opportunities and improvements on how we could make our company an employer of choice. The results are reviewed by senior leadership and the Board of Directors who analyze areas of progress or deterioration and prioritize actions and activities in response to this feedback to drive meaningful improvements in employee engagement. 
 
 Safety We require an active commitment to, and personal accountability for, safety and safety compliance from all employees and contractors. Operations leaders have a key role in the communication and implementation of, and ensuring adherence to, safety and compliance policies and standards. Our safety culture is predicated on training, communications, empowerment, measurement and recognition. 
 
 Training includes more than 100 online, on-demand courses available to all team members, weekly branch "Toolbox Safety Meetings" centered on our safety guides and a lessons learned library of incidents and preventative recommendations. 
 
 Safety communications include an annual commitment to safety and ongoing safety reminders from the CEO, monthly "Safety Thoughts" messages that reinforce safety awareness and behaviors at work and at home, safety boards at every branch that serve as a dedicated resource for safety-related information, and morning stretch and safety huddles at all locations to help get every working day off to a safe start. We strive for the Perfect Day which is defined as a working day across our company with (i) no OSHA recordable incidents, (ii) no Department of Transportation violations and (iii) no at fault motor vehicle accidents. All of our branches achieved at least 98 Perfect Days in 2022. 
 
 All employees are empowered to intervene with a Stop Work Authority ("SWA") when they perceive an unacceptable safety condition, act or situation where an individual's lack of understanding could result in an incident. The SWA is supported through Safety Alert communications that emphasize safety practices and a daily observation program at our locations that prepares employees to assess their work environment and tasks for potential hazards. 
 
 We track and share standard safety performance metrics throughout the organization, such as the OSHA Total Recordable Incident Rate ("TRIR"), the Days Away/Restricted Transfer Rate ("DART") and Lost Time Case Rate ("LTC"). During the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a TRIR of 0.52, a DART of 0.24 and LTC of 0.16. We report our safety performance to the Board of Directors at each regularly scheduled meeting. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM l. BUSINESS (Continued) 

Health and Well-being The health and well-being of our employees and their families is a top priority for us and we offer an array of health and financial benefits to our full-time employees including: 
 Comprehensive health insurance including semi-annual biometric screening events; 
 Our employee assistance program which offers confidential resources and assistance for everyday issues, such as work pressure and relationship issues, and highly impactful issues, such as loss, disability, anxiety or depression, especially in light of the challenges associated with COVID-19; 
 A life planning account which provides employees with limited reimbursement for items such as wellness activities, student loans and education and financial planning; 
 Company paid life and disability insurance; and 
 Tuition reimbursement programs 
 
 We also provide employees with several voluntary benefits and optional services that support total well-being, including physical, mental and financial wellness. 
 
 Training and Talent Development We are committed to the continued development of our employees and offer learning and development opportunities spanning instructor-led and online, on-demand courses that support improved performance and effectiveness as well as personal and professional growth. These opportunities apply to all employees across all stages of career progression and job responsibilities. More than a dozen instructor-led courses enhance employees' sales, managerial leadership and role-specific skills, such as our shop and counter operations training, sales training, branch manager courses, hands on equipment training for mechanics and a professional development series designed to improve the skills necessary to navigate and succeed in the workplace. In 2022, our employees enhanced their skills through approximately 309,000 hours of training focused in the areas of safety, customer service, sales fundamentals, process and tool training, management basics and soft skills, leveraging over 35,000 unique training assets and programs. 
 
 Strategic talent review and succession planning occur on a planned cadence annually. The CEO and CHRO meet regularly with senior leadership and the Board of Directors to review succession plans. We seek to provide opportunities for our employees to grow their careers by increasing our focus on internal talent mobility, which resulted in filling many open management positions internally during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Inclusion and Diversity We strive to build a team that reflects the variety of people, cultures and communities we interact with to create an inclusive, productive environment. We believe that varied perspectives best leverage employee talents, leading to creative thinking, open communication and greater customer and team engagement. Members of our recruiting team have earned, or are in the process of earning, the AIRS Certified Diversity Recruiter designation, which provides the knowledge and tools to create an effective plan for recruiting a diverse and inclusive workforce. As of December 31, 2022, women represented approximately 12 of our workforce and 17 of our managerial roles. As of December 31, 2022, people of color represented approximately 31 of our workforce and 16 of our managerial roles. Additionally, 33 of our non-employee members of the Board of Directors are women or people of color. 
 
 Our efforts to build an inclusive team led to the creation of two employee resource groups, Women in Action and the Veterans Resource Group. Women in Action seeks to empower, support and develop women by facilitating the exchange of knowledge and experiences through learning opportunities as well as with internal and external networking events. Similarly, the Veterans Resource Groups offers veterans a community of support, networking, collaboration, learning and sharing. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 8 of our employees have self-reported as veterans. 
 
 Environmental, Health, and Safety Matters and Governmental Regulation 
 Environmental, Health, and Safety Our operations are subject to numerous national, state, local and international laws and regulations governing environmental protection and occupational health and safety matters. These laws govern such issues as wastewater, storm water, solid and hazardous wastes and materials, air quality and matters of workplace safety. Under these laws and regulations, we may be liable for, among other things, the cost of investigating and remediating contamination at our sites as well as sites to which we send hazardous wastes for disposal or treatment regardless of fault, as well as fines and penalties for non-compliance. Our operations generally do not raise significant environmental, health, or safety risks, but we use hazardous materials to clean and maintain equipment, dispose of solid and hazardous waste and wastewater from equipment washing, and store and dispense petroleum products from storage tanks at certain of our locations. 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ITEM l. BUSINESS (Continued) 

There is an increasing global regulatory focus on greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions and their potential impacts relating to climate change. Future laws, regulations or policies in response to concerns over GHG emissions such as carbon taxes, mandatory reporting and disclosure obligations and changes in procurement policies could significantly increase our operational and compliance burdens and costs. We monitor developments in climate-change related regulation for their potential effect on us and also have a sustainability program that seeks to mitigate our impact on the environment, including initiatives and targets to reduce our Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions intensity. Based on the conditions currently known to us, we do not believe that any pending or likely remediation and compliance costs will have a material adverse effect on our business. We cannot be certain, however, as to the potential financial impact on our business if new adverse conditions are discovered, or compliance requirements become more stringent. See Item 1A "Risk Factors Other Operational Risks." 
 
 Governmental Regulation Our operations also expose us to a number of other national, state, local and international laws and regulations, in addition to legal, regulatory and contractual requirements we face as a government contractor. These laws and regulations address multiple aspects of our operations, such as taxes, consumer rights, privacy, data security and employment matters, and also may impact other areas of our business. There are often different requirements in different jurisdictions. Changes in government regulation of our business has the potential to materially alter our business practices or our profitability. Depending on the jurisdiction, those changes may come about through the issuance of new laws and regulations or changes in the interpretation of existing laws and regulations by a court, regulatory body or governmental official. Sometimes those changes may have both a retroactive and prospective effect. This is particularly true when a change is made through reinterpretation of laws or regulations that have been in effect for some time. Moreover, changes in regulation that may seem neutral on their face may have either more or less impact on us than on our competitors, depending on the circumstances. See Item 1A "Risk Factors Other Operational Risks." 
 
 Available Company Information 
 We file annual, quarterly and current reports and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). You may also access, free of charge, our reports filed with the SEC (for example, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")) through our Internet website (http://ir.hercrentals.com). Reports filed with or furnished to the SEC will be available through our Internet website as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Our committee charters, Corporate Governance Guidelines and Code of Ethics are also available on our website. The information found on our website is not part of this or any other report filed with or furnished to the SEC. The SEC maintains an Internet website (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information about issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including Herc Holdings. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

 Investing in or maintaining your investment in Herc Holdings common stock involves risk. You should carefully consider each of the risks and uncertainties set forth below as well as the other information contained in this Report before deciding to invest in our securities. We have grouped our Risk Factors under captions that we believe describe various categories of potential risk. For the reader s convenience, we have not duplicated risk factors that could be considered to be included in more than one category. Any of the following risks and uncertainties could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and/or cash flows and the impact could be compounded if multiple risks were to occur. However, the following risks and uncertainties are not the only risks and uncertainties facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or those we currently view to be immaterial also may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and/or cash flows. In the event that any of these risks have such a material adverse effect, the value of our securities could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 Our business is cyclical and depends on the levels of capital investment and maintenance expenditures by our customers. A slowdown in economic conditions or adverse changes in the level of economic activity or other economic factors specific to our customers or their industries, in particular contractors and industrial customers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our rental equipment is used by our customers in a wide variety of industries, including contractors in residential and commercial construction and restoration, remediation and environment; general industrial, including refineries and petrochemical operations, manufacturing, power, metals and mining and agriculture; infrastructure; and other customers, including commercial and retail services, facility maintenance, recreation and entertainment production. Many of these industries are cyclical in nature. The demand for our rental equipment is directly affected by the level of economic activity in these industries, which means that when these industries experience a decline in activity, there is likely a corresponding decline in the demand for our rental equipment. This could materially adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 A substantial portion of our revenues are derived from the rental of equipment to various types of contractors, including in the non-residential construction market, and to industrial customers. A decline in construction or industrial activity could lead to a decrease in the demand for our rental equipment and intensified price competition from other equipment rental industry participants. Similarly, declines in oil or gas prices, or even the perception of longer-term lower oil and natural gas prices, could lead to a significant slowdown in business activity, capital investments and maintenance expenditures of industrial customers in the upstream oil and gas markets and related service providers, which could negatively affect our rentals to participants in this industry, and could extend to other markets that we serve. Worsening of economic conditions or not achieving anticipated levels of economic expansion, either generally or in our customers specific industries, could have an adverse effect on demand for our products and services within those industries and extend to other markets that we serve, and could therefore materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The following factors, among others, may cause weakness in our markets, either temporarily or long-term: 
 
 a decrease in the expected levels of rental versus ownership of equipment; 
 government regulations and policies, including government initiatives for infrastructure improvements or expansions, or the policies of governments regarding exploration for, and production and development of, oil and natural gas reserves; 
 a prolonged or recurring shutdown of the U.S. and Canadian federal, state, provincial and local governments; 
 an increase in the cost of construction materials; 
 the level of supply and demand and relative prices or anticipated prices for oil and natural gas; 
 an overcapacity of fleet in the equipment rental industry; 
 a lack of availability of credit; 
 an increase in interest rates; and 
 terrorism or hostilities involving the United States or Canada. 
 
 Additionally, some of our customers may delay capital investment and maintenance even when favorable conditions exist in their industries or markets. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 ITEM lA. RISK FACTORS (continued) 

If we were to experience a significant decrease in orders or an increase in order delays or cancellations that can result from the aforementioned economic conditions or other factors beyond our control, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our industry is highly competitive, and competitive pressures or not timely identifying and responding to customer needs, expectations or trends could lead to a decrease in our market share or in the prices that we can charge. 
 
 The equipment rental industry is highly fragmented and competitive. Our competitors include small, independent businesses with one or two rental locations, regional competitors that operate in one or more states, public companies or divisions of public companies, and equipment vendors and dealers who both sell and rent equipment directly to customers. We may in the future encounter increased competition from our existing competitors or from new competitors. Competitive pressures could adversely affect our revenues and operating results by, among other things, decreasing our rental volumes, depressing the prices that we can charge or increasing our costs to retain employees. In addition, the success of our business depends, in part, on our ability to identify and respond promptly to evolving trends in consumer preferences, expectations and needs while also managing appropriate equipment in our branches and maintaining an excellent customer experience. It is difficult to successfully predict the equipment and services our customers will demand. We also need to offer more localized assortments of our equipment to address local requirements and needs. If we do not successfully identify and provide the appropriate equipment to meet our customers needs and expectations, we may lose market share. 
 
 We are dependent on our relationships with key suppliers to obtain equipment for our business. 
 
 We are dependent on suppliers for access to the equipment and other products we offer and use throughout our network of branches. If we fail to have or maintain adequate relationships with suppliers or if we fail to timely receive equipment and products from our suppliers, then our competitive position may be harmed and our results of operations and/or cash flows may be negatively impacted. In addition, the prices of equipment and products have significantly increased in the past twelve months and there continues to be inflationary pressures that could further increase such costs. We may not be able to pass on these costs to our customers, which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and/or cash flows. 
 
 We have experienced, and in the future are likely to experience, lack of access to and delays in receipt of equipment and products from suppliers. For example, the rapid increase in demand as the COVID-19 pandemic wanes has caused, and is expected to continue to cause, significant stress on global supply chains. Unavailability of, and delays in obtaining, equipment and products may result from a number of factors affecting our suppliers including capacity constraints, labor shortages or disputes, supplier product quality issues, suppliers impaired financial condition and suppliers allocations to other purchasers. These risks are increased in a weak economic environment or when demand increases coming out of an economic downturn. Such disruptions have resulted and could further result in our inability to effectively meet our customers needs, impair our ability to execute our growth plans and could result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and/or cash flows. 
 
 A widespread outbreak of an illness or any other communicable disease, or any other public health crisis, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 A widespread outbreak of epidemic, pandemic, or contagious diseases in the human population, including the COVID-19 pandemic, could cause a widespread public health crisis that results in economic and trade disruptions that could negatively impact our business and the businesses of our customers. 
 
 While the pandemic's impact on social and economic conditions has begun to subside and potentially shifting toward becoming more endemic in the U.S. , the extent of the impact of COVID-19 on our operational and financial performance, including our ability to execute our business strategies and initiatives in the expected time frame, will depend on future developments, including the duration and spread of COVID-19 and related restrictions on economic activity, all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. An extended period of economic disruption could materially affect our business, results of operations, access to sources of liquidity, particularly our cash flow from operations, and financial condition. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 ITEM lA. RISK FACTORS (continued) 

 Our business is heavily reliant upon communication networks, centralized information technology ("IT") systems, and third-party technologies and services, and the concentration of our IT systems and sensitive information creates or increases risks for us, including the risk of the misuse or theft of information as a result of cybersecurity breaches or otherwise, which could harm our brand, reputation or competitive position and give rise to material liabilities. 
 
 We regularly possess, collect, receive, store, process, generate, use, disclose, transmit, protect, and handle non-public information about individuals and businesses, including both credit and debit card information and other proprietary, sensitive and confidential personal information (collectively, sensitive information). In addition, our customers regularly transmit sensitive information to us via the Internet and through other electronic means. 
 
 We rely heavily on communication networks, including the Internet and on IT systems, to process rental and sales transactions, manage our pricing, manage our equipment fleet, manage our financing arrangements, pay suppliers and other third parties, collect from our customers, account for our activities and otherwise conduct our business and report our financial results. Our major IT systems and accounting functions are centralized in a few locations. Any disruption, termination or substandard provision of these services, whether as the result of computer or telecommunications issues (including operational failures, server malfunctions, software bugs, software or hardware failures, loss of data or other IT assets, or similar), cyber attacks (such as computer malware, ransomware, business e-mail compromise, malicious code like viruses or worms, denial of service attacks, credential stuffing, credential harvesting, supply-chain attacks or other social engineering attacks like phishing attacks), personnel misconduct or error, localized conditions (such as a power outage, fire or explosion) or events or circumstances of broader geographic impact (such as an earthquake, storm, flood, other natural disaster, epidemic, strike, act of war, civil unrest or terrorist act), could materially adversely affect our business by disrupting normal operations. In particular, severe ransomware attacks are becoming increasingly prevalent and can lead to significant interruptions in our operations, loss of sensitive information and income, reputational harm, and diversion of funds. Extortion payments may alleviate the negative impact of a ransomware attack, but we may be unwilling or unable to make such payments due to, for example, applicable laws or regulations prohibiting such payments. 
 
 Our facilities and systems and those of our third-party service providers may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could compromise information security, and are also subject to the risk of human error. Unauthorized parties also may attempt to gain access to our systems or facilities, or those of third parties with whom we do business. All of the aforementioned threats are prevalent, increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity, and come from a variety of sources, including traditional computer hackers, threat actors, hacktivists, organized criminal threat actors, sophisticated nation states, and nation-state-supported actors (including nation-state actors for geopolitical reasons and in conjunction with military conflicts and defense activities). During times of war and other major conflicts, we, the third parties upon which we rely, and our customers may be vulnerable to a heightened risk of these attacks, including retaliatory cyber attacks, that could materially disrupt our systems and operations, supply chain, and ability to produce, sell and distribute our goods and provide services. 
 
 Any of the previously identified or similar threats could cause a security breach or other interruption that could result in unauthorized, unlawful, or accidental acquisition, modification, destruction, loss, alteration, encryption, disclosure of, or access to our sensitive information or our IT systems, or those of the third parties upon whom we rely. A security breach or other interruption could disrupt our ability (and that of third parties upon whom we rely) to provide our products and services. 
 
 We may expend significant resources or modify our business activities to try to protect against security breaches, and certain data privacy and security obligations may require us to implement and maintain specific security measures or industry-standard or reasonable security measures to protect our IT systems and sensitive information. While we have implemented security measures designed to protect against security breaches, there can be no assurance that these measures are effective. We may be unable in the future to detect vulnerabilities in our IT systems and networks because many of the techniques used to effectuate a security breach are difficult to detect or anticipate until launched against a target and we may be unable to (or delayed in adopting measures to) prevent, contain or detect security breaches or other compromises or implement adequate preventative measures. 
 
 Applicable data privacy and security obligations may require us to notify relevant stakeholders of security breaches. Such disclosures are costly, and the disclosure or the failure to comply with such requirements could lead to adverse consequences. A security breach could adversely affect our corporate reputation as well as our operations, and could result in government enforcement actions, litigation against us, additional reporting requirements and/or oversight, restrictions on processing sensitive information, indemnification obligations, monetary fund diversions, interruptions in our operations, financial loss, the 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 ITEM lA. RISK FACTORS (continued) 

 imposition of penalties, and other similar harms. A security breach and attendant consequences could cause the loss of customers, deter new customers from using our services, negatively impact our ability to grow and operate our business, and require that we invest significant additional resources related to our information security systems. 
 
 In addition, we rely on third-party service providers and technologies to operate critical business systems to process sensitive information in a variety of contexts, including, without limitation, cloud-based infrastructure, data center facilities, encryption and authentication technology, employee email, and other functions. We may also rely on third-party service providers to provide other products, services, parts, or otherwise to operate our business. Therefore, we are also susceptible to disruptions, failures and breaches of the systems maintained by our outsourced providers, which we do not control. Our ability to monitor these third parties information security practices is limited, and these third parties may not have adequate information security measures in place. Any disruption, failure, breach or poor performance of any of these systems could lead to lower revenues, increased costs or other material adverse effects on our business and results of operations. While we may be entitled to damages if our third-party service providers fail to satisfy their privacy or security-related obligations to us, any award may be insufficient to cover our damages, or we may be unable to recover such award. In addition, supply-chain attacks have increased in frequency and severity, and we cannot guarantee that third parties infrastructure in our supply chain or our third-party partners supply chains have not been compromised. Additionally, future or past business transactions (such as acquisitions or integrations) could expose us to additional cybersecurity risks and vulnerabilities, as our systems could be negatively affected by vulnerabilities present in acquired or integrated entities systems and technologies. 
 
 Our contracts may not contain limitations of liability, and even where they do, there can be no assurance that limitations of liability in our contracts are sufficient to protect us from liabilities, damages, or claims related to our data privacy and security obligations. We cannot be sure that our insurance coverage will be adequate or sufficient to protect us from or to mitigate liabilities arising out of our privacy and security practices, that such coverage will continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or that such coverage will pay future claims. Additionally, we are incorporated into the supply chain of a large number of companies in North America and, as a result, if our products are compromised, a significant number or, in some instances, all of our customers and their data could be simultaneously affected. The potential liability and associated consequences we could suffer as a result of such a large-scale event could be catastrophic and result in irreparable harm. 
 
 Failure to maintain, upgrade or replace our IT systems could materially adversely affect us. 
 
 Our business continues to demand the use of sophisticated systems and technologies, including digital tools, SaaS offerings and cloud computing. As a result, we devote significant time and resources in maintaining, upgrading or replacing our systems and technologies in order to meet customers' demands and expectations. These types of activities subject us to additional costs and inherent risks associated with maintaining, upgrading, replacing and changing these systems and technologies, including impairment of our ability to manage our business, loss of customer confidence and business, potential disruption of our internal control structure, substantial capital expenditures, additional administration and operating expenses, demands on management time, training our employees to operate the systems, and other risks and costs of delays or difficulties in transitioning to, or integrating, new systems and technologies into our current business. We rely on certain third party software providers to maintain and periodically upgrade many of these systems and technologies so that they can continue to support our business. Further, the software programs supporting our business are licensed to us by independent software developers. The inability of these developers or us to continue to maintain and upgrade our systems and technologies would disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations if we were unable to convert to alternate systems in an efficient and timely manner. 
 
 In addition, costs and potential problems and interruptions associated with the implementation of new or upgraded systems and technologies, maintenance or adequate support of outdated or other existing systems and technologies could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our business operations and could have an adverse effect on our operations if not anticipated and appropriately mitigated. Our competitive position may be adversely affected if we are unable to maintain, upgrade or replace systems and technologies that allow us to manage our business in a competitive manner. We also may not achieve the benefits that we anticipate from an upgraded or replaced system and technology. Additionally, any failure of a system or technology could impede our ability to timely collect and report financial results in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 
 
 We may fail to respond adequately to changes in technology and customer demands. 
 
 In recent years, our industry has been characterized by rapid changes in technology and customer demands. For example, industry participants have taken advantage of new technologies, including digital tools, SaaS offerings and cloud computing, to improve fleet efficiency, decrease customer wait times and improve customer satisfaction. Our ability to continually improve 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 ITEM lA. RISK FACTORS (continued) 

 our current processes and customer-facing tools in response to changes in technology or in customer expectations is essential in maintaining our competitive position and maintaining current levels of customer satisfaction. We may experience technical or other difficulties that could delay or prevent the development or implementation of new technologies. We also may not achieve the benefits that we anticipate from new technologies we develop or implement. The effects of these risks may, individually or in the aggregate, materially adversely affect our results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. 
 
 We face intense competition, including from our own suppliers, that may lead to downward pricing or an inability to increase prices. 
 
 The markets in which we operate are highly competitive. Competitive factors in our industry include price competition, the importance of customer loyalty, changes in market penetration, the introduction of new equipment, services and technology by competitors, changes in marketing, product diversity and quality and the ability to supply equipment and services to customers in a timely, predictable manner. Because we do not have multi-year contractual arrangements with many of our customers, these competitive factors could cause our customers to cease renting our equipment and shift suppliers quickly. 
 
 The equipment rental market is highly fragmented, and we believe that price is one of the primary competitive factors. The Internet has enabled cost-conscious customers to more easily compare rates available from rental companies. If we try to increase our pricing, our competitors, some of whom may have greater resources and better access to capital or lower fixed operating costs, may seek to compete aggressively on the basis of pricing. In addition, our competitors may reduce prices in order to attempt to gain a competitive advantage, capture market share or compensate for declines in rental activity. To the extent we do not match or remain within a reasonable competitive margin of our competitors pricing, our revenues and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. If competitive pressures lead us to match any of our competitors downward pricing and we are not able to reduce our operating costs, then our margins, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely impacted. 
 
 We face competition from traditional rental companies as well as our own suppliers. We purchase our rental equipment from leading, globally-known original equipment manufacturers. Under our supplier arrangements, the suppliers may appoint additional distributors, elect to sell or rent directly to our customers or unilaterally terminate their arrangements with us at any time without cause. Any such actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows due to a reduction of, or an inability to increase, our revenues. 
 
 Our success depends on our ability to attract and retain key management, sales and trades talent, while supporting the onboarding and career development of our team members. 
 
 Our ability to successfully execute on our business plan depends upon the contributions of our senior management team as well as other key talent including our dedicated sales force and trades talent such as drivers and mechanics. In recent years, we have experienced increasing competition for available talent in the North American workforce as reflected by the low unemployment rate, shortages of available industry trades talent and increasing costs to retain employees. As a result, we could experience inefficiencies or a lack of business continuity due to employee turnover, new employees lack of historical knowledge and lack of familiarity with the business processes, operating requirements, purpose and culture, policies and procedures, and key information technologies and related infrastructure used in our day-to-day operations and financial reporting. Historically we have noted a ramp-up period before new members of our sales organization typically achieve a level of sales comparable to those we have employed for a longer period of time. We may also experience additional costs as new employees learn their roles and gain necessary experience, in addition to the cost of hiring new individuals. It is important to our success that newly hired team members quickly adapt to and excel in their new roles. If they are unable to do so, our business and financial results could be materially adversely affected. Further, if we cannot meet our needs for IT staff, we may not be able to fulfill our technology initiatives while continuing to provide maintenance on existing systems. 
 
 If we were to lose the services of members of our senior management team or other key talent, whether due to death, disability, resignation or termination of employment, our ability to successfully implement our business strategy, financial plans, marketing and other objectives could be significantly impaired. In addition, if we are unable to attract and retain qualified key talent, we may not be able to effectively and efficiently manage our business and execute our business plan. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 ITEM lA. RISK FACTORS (continued) 

 Due to seasonality, especially in the construction industry, any occurrence that disrupts rental activity during our peak periods could materially adversely affect our results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. 
 
 Significant components of our expenses are fixed in the short-term, including real estate taxes, rent, insurance, utilities, maintenance and other facility-related expenses, the costs of operating our IT systems and certain staffing costs. Seasonal changes in our revenues do not alter those fixed expenses, typically resulting in higher profitability in periods when our revenues are higher, and lower profitability in periods when our revenues are lower. Our business, especially in the construction industry, has historically experienced lower levels of business from December until late spring, particularly in the northern United States and Canada, and heightened activity during our third and fourth quarter until December. Any occurrence that disrupts rental activity during this period of heightened activity, including adverse weather conditions such as prolonged periods of cold, rain, blizzards, floods, fires, hurricanes or other severe weather patterns, could have a disproportionately adverse effect on our business, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. 
 
 Some or all of our deferred tax assets could expire if we experience an ownership change as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code (the "Code"). 
 
 An "ownership change" could limit our ability to utilize tax attributes, including net operating losses, capital loss carryovers, excess foreign tax carryforwards, and credit carryforwards, to offset future taxable income. As of December 31, 2022, we had unutilized U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 532.1 million. Our ability to use such tax attributes to offset future taxable income and tax liabilities may be significantly limited if we experience an "ownership change" as defined in Section 382(g) of the Code. In general, an ownership change will occur if and when the percentage of Herc Holdings ownership (by value) of one or more "5-percent shareholders" (as defined in the Code) has increased by more than 50 percentage points over the lowest percentage of stock owned by such shareholders at any time during the prior three years (calculated on a rolling basis). An entity that experiences an ownership change generally should be subject to an annual limitation on its pre-ownership change tax loss carryforward which accumulates each year to the extent that there is any unused limitation from a prior year. The limitation on our ability to utilize tax losses and credit carryforwards arising from an ownership change under Section 382 depends on the value of our equity at the time of any ownership change. If we were to experience an "ownership change, it is possible that a significant portion of our tax loss carryforwards could expire before we would be able to use them to offset future taxable income. Many states have adopted the federal Section 382 rules and therefore have similar limitations with respect to state tax attributes. 
 
 Other Operational Risks 
 
 Any decline in our relationships with our key national account customers or the amount of equipment they rent from us could materially adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our business depends on our ability to maintain positive relations with our key national account customers, which collectively accounted for 43 of our rental revenue in 2022. We cannot assure you that all of these relationships will continue at current levels or on current terms. Our contracts with our customers generally do not obligate them to rent equipment from us. Revenue from customers that have accounted for significant revenue in past periods, individually or as a group, may not continue in future periods or, if continued, may not reach or exceed historical levels in any period. Further, if our key customers fail to remain competitive in their respective markets or encounter financial or operational problems, our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows may be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Our rental fleet is subject to residual value risk upon disposition and may not sell at the prices we expect. 
 
 The market value of our equipment at the time of its disposition could be less than its estimated residual value or its depreciated value at such time. A number of factors could affect the value received upon disposition of our equipment, including: 
 
 the market price for similar new equipment; 
 the age of the equipment, wear and tear on the equipment relative to its age and the performance of preventive maintenance; 
 the time of year that it is sold; 
 the supply of used equipment relative to the demand for used equipment, including as a result of changes in economic conditions or conditions in the markets that we serve; 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 ITEM lA. RISK FACTORS (continued) 

 inventory levels at original equipment manufacturers; and 
 the existence and capacities of different sales outlets. 
 A sale of equipment below its net book value could adversely affect our results of operations, liquidity and cash flows. Accordingly, decisions to reduce the size of our rental fleet in the event of an economic downturn or to respond to changes in rental demand are subject to the risk of loss based on the residual value of rental equipment. 
 
 We incur maintenance and repair costs associated with our rental fleet that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows in the event these costs are greater than anticipated. 
 
 As our rental equipment ages, the cost of maintaining such equipment, if not replaced within a certain period of time, and the risk of fleet equipment being out of service, generally increase. As of December 31, 2022, the average age of our rental equipment fleet was approximately 48 months. Determining the optimal age at disposition for our rental equipment is subjective and requires considerable estimates by management. We have made estimates regarding the relationship between the age of our rental equipment, the maintenance and repair costs, the availability of our fleet and the market value of used equipment. It is possible that we may allow the average age of our rental equipment fleet to increase, which could increase our costs for maintenance and repair and likely would negatively impact the market value of such equipment at the time of its disposition. If maintenance and repair costs are higher than estimated or in-service times or market values of used equipment are lower than estimated, our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 We are exposed to a variety of claims and losses arising from our operations, and our insurance may not cover all or any portion of such claims. 
 
 We are exposed to a variety of claims arising from our operations, including claims by third parties for injury or property damage arising from the operation of our equipment or acts or omissions of our personnel and workers compensation claims. We are currently a defendant in numerous actions and have received numerous claims on which actions have not yet been commenced for liability and property damage arising from the operation of equipment rented from us. We also are exposed to risk of loss from damage to our equipment and resulting business interruption. Our responsibility for such claims and losses is increased when we waive the provisions in certain of our rental contracts that hold a renter responsible for damage or loss under an optional loss or damage waiver that we offer. While we attempt to mitigate our exposure to large liability losses arising from such claims by maintaining general liability, workers' compensation and vehicle liability insurance coverage, our coverage may not be adequate to protect us against these exposures and we self-insure against losses associated with exposures not covered by these insurance policies. 
 
 Moreover, in the event that insurance coverage does apply, we will bear a portion of the associated losses through the application of deductibles and self-insured retention in the insurance policies. For a company our size, such deductibles or self-insured retention could be substantial. There is also no assurance that insurance policies of these types will be available for purchase or renewal on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, or that the premiums and deductibles under such policies will not substantially increase, including as a result of market conditions in the insurance industry. 
 
 If we were to incur one or more liabilities that are significant, individually or in the aggregate, where we are not fully insured, that we self-insure against or that our insurers dispute, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. Even with adequate insurance coverage, we still may experience a significant interruption to our operations as a result of third-party claims or other losses arising from our operations. 
 
 Environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations and the costs of complying with them, or any change to them impacting our markets, could materially adversely affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our operations are subject to numerous national, state, provincial and local laws and regulations governing environmental protection and occupational health and safety matters. These laws govern such issues as wastewater, storm water, solid and hazardous wastes and materials, air quality and matters of workplace safety. Under these laws and regulations, regardless of fault we may be liable for, among other things, the cost of investigating and remediating contamination at our sites as well as sites to which we have sent hazardous wastes for disposal or treatment, and also fines and penalties for non-compliance. We use hazardous materials to clean and maintain equipment, dispose of solid and hazardous waste and wastewater from equipment washing, and store and dispense petroleum products from storage tanks at certain of our locations. We also indemnify various parties for the costs associated with remediating numerous hazardous substance storage, recycling or disposal sites in many 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 ITEM lA. RISK FACTORS (continued) 

 states and, in some instances, for natural resource damages. The amount of any such expense or related natural resource damages for which we may be held responsible could be substantial. We cannot predict the potential financial impact on our business if adverse environmental, health, or safety conditions are discovered, or environmental, health, and safety requirements become more stringent. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the aggregate amounts accrued for environmental liabilities, including liability for environmental indemnities, reflected in the Company's consolidated balance sheets in "Accrued liabilities" were 0.4 million and 0.3 million, respectively. If we are required to incur environmental, health, or safety compliance or remediation costs that are not currently anticipated by us, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected, depending on the magnitude of the cost. 
 
 Climate change and legal or regulatory responses thereto may have a long-term negative impact on our business and results of operations. 
 
 There is increasing concern that a gradual increase in global average temperatures due to the concentration of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere will cause significant change in weather patterns around the globe and increase the frequency and severity of natural disasters. Climate change may also exacerbate water scarcity, negatively impacting our capability to deliver equipment that meets the safety and functional expectations of our customers as well as the health and safety of our employees. Increased frequency or duration of extreme weather conditions could impact our business and the demand for our equipment and services. An increase in demand for rental equipment may require additional capital expenditures in order for us to compete for such demand and we may not be able to make similar levels of investment as our larger competitors. In addition, in an effort to combat climate change, our customers may require our rental equipment to meet certain standards. If we are unable to meet such standards and the expectations of our customers, our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 In addition, the U.S. Congress and other legislative and regulatory authorities in the United States and internationally have considered, and likely will continue to consider, numerous measures related to climate change, greenhouse gas emissions and other laws and regulations affecting our end markets, such as oil, gas and other natural resource extraction. Should such laws and regulations become effective, demand for our services could be affected, our fleet and/or other costs could increase and our business could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Further, investors are placing a greater emphasis on non-financial factors, including ESG factors, when evaluating investment opportunities. If we are unable to provide sufficient disclosure about ESG practices or if we fail to achieve ESG goals, investors may not view us as an attractive investment, which could have a negative effect on our stock price and business. 
 
 Part of our strategy includes pursuing strategic transactions, which could be difficult to identify and implement, and could disrupt our business or change our business profile significantly. 
 
 Our strategy includes growth through the acquisition of other companies or service lines of other businesses that either complement or expand our existing business. We also may consider the divestiture of some of our businesses. Any acquisitions or divestitures we may seek to consummate will be subject to the negotiation of definitive agreements, satisfactory financing arrangements and applicable governmental approvals and consents, including under applicable antitrust laws, such as the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act. We cannot assure you that we will be able to identify suitable transactions and, even if we are able to identify such transactions, that we will be able to consummate any such acquisitions or divestitures on acceptable terms. Any future acquisitions or divestitures we pursue may involve a number of risks, including some or all of the following: 
 
 the diversion of management s attention from our core business; 
 the disruption of our ongoing business; 
 inaccurate assessment of undisclosed liabilities; 
 potential known and unknown liabilities of the acquired or divested businesses and lack of adequate protections or potential related indemnities; 
 the inability to integrate our acquisitions without substantial costs, delays or other problems; 
 the loss of key customers or employees of the acquired or divested business; 
 increasing demands on our operational systems; 
 the integration of information systems and internal control over financial reporting; and 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 ITEM lA. RISK FACTORS (continued) 

 possible adverse effects on our reported results of operations or financial position, particularly during the first several reporting periods after an acquisition or divestiture is completed. 
 
 Any acquired entities or assets may not enhance our results of operations. Even if we are able to integrate future acquired businesses with our operations successfully, we cannot assure you that we will realize the cost savings, synergies or revenue enhancements that we may anticipate from such integration or that we will realize such benefits within the expected time frame. Any acquisition also may cause us to assume liabilities, record goodwill and other intangible assets that will be subject to impairment testing and potential impairment charges, incur potential restructuring charges and increase working capital and capital expenditure requirements, which may reduce our return on invested capital. 
 
 If we were to undertake a substantial acquisition, the acquisition likely would need to be financed in part through additional financing from banks, through public offerings or private placements of debt or equity securities or with other arrangements. We cannot assure you that the necessary acquisition financing would be available to us on acceptable terms if and when required, given our substantial indebtedness and restrictions in the terms of our indebtedness that may limit the additional indebtedness that we may incur or the acquisitions that we may pursue, which may make it difficult or impossible for us to obtain financing for acquisitions. If we were to undertake an acquisition by issuing equity securities or equity-linked securities, the acquisition may have a dilutive effect on the interests of the holders of our common stock. 
 
 A significant divestiture would, in the short term, result in loss of revenues and possibly earnings, and could require the amendment or refinancing of our outstanding indebtedness or a portion thereof. Further, to the extent that we agree to accept payment of all or a portion of the sale price over time, we will bear the risk that the portion of the price that is not paid at closing may be uncollectible. In addition, in connection with any divestiture, we may agree to retain obligations related to the business or assets sold and we may agree to indemnify the purchaser for outstanding liabilities or with respect to the representations, warranties or covenants included in the definitive agreement between the parties. These retained obligations and indemnification obligations could result in significant costs and expenses. 
 
 We may face issues with our union employees. 
 
 Labor contracts covering the terms of employment of approximately 585 employees in the U.S. and 105 employees in Canada were in effect as of December 31, 2022 under approximately 25 active contracts with local unions, affiliated primarily with the International Brotherhood of Teamsters and the International Union of Operating Engineers. These contracts are renegotiated periodically. Failure to negotiate a new labor agreement when required could result in a work stoppage. Although we believe that our labor relations have generally been good, it is possible that we could become subject to additional work rules imposed by agreements with labor unions, or that work stoppages or other labor disturbances could occur in the future. In addition, our non-union workforce has been subject to unionization efforts in the past, and we could be subject to future unionization, which could lead to increases in our operating costs and/or constraints on our operating flexibility. 
 
 Risks Related to the Spin-Off and Our Separation from New Hertz 
 
 We and New Hertz have assumed and will share responsibility for certain liabilities in connection with the Spin-Off, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Pursuant to the separation and distribution agreement entered into in connection with the Spin-Off, we assumed, among other things, liabilities associated with our equipment rental business and related assets, whether such liabilities arose prior to or subsequent to the Spin-Off, and have agreed to indemnify New Hertz for any losses arising from such liabilities, as well as any other liabilities we assumed pursuant to the separation and distribution agreement. We also will be responsible for a portion (typically 15 of certain shared liabilities not otherwise specifically allocated to us or New Hertz under the separation and distribution agreement. Although we will be responsible for a portion of these shared liabilities, New Hertz has the authority to manage the defense and resolution of them. The amount of such liabilities could be greater than anticipated and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 In addition, New Hertz has assumed, among other things, liabilities associated with its vehicle rental business and related assets, whether such liabilities arose prior to or subsequent to the Spin-Off, and has agreed to indemnify us for any losses arising from such liabilities, as well as any other liabilities it assumed pursuant to the separation and distribution agreement. New Hertz also will be responsible for a portion (typically 85 of certain shared liabilities not otherwise specifically allocated to New Hertz or us under the separation and distribution agreement. We rely on New Hertz to manage the defense and resolution of these shared 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 ITEM lA. RISK FACTORS (continued) 

 liabilities. If New Hertz fails to satisfy its performance and payment obligations under the separation and distribution agreement, including its indemnification obligations, such failure could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 If there is a determination that any portion of the Spin-Off transaction is taxable for U.S. federal income tax purposes, then we and our stockholders could incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities. 
 
 Hertz Holdings received a favorable private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") to the effect that, subject to the accuracy of and compliance with certain representations, assumptions and covenants, (i) the Spin-Off qualified as a tax-free transaction under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code), and (ii) the internal spin-off transactions (collectively with the Spin-Off, the "Spin-Offs") qualified as tax free under Section 355 of the Code. A private letter ruling from the IRS generally is binding on the IRS. However, the IRS ruling does not rule that the Spin-Offs satisfied every requirement for a tax-free spin-off, and Hertz Holdings relied solely on opinions of its tax advisors to determine that such additional requirements were satisfied. The ruling and the opinions relied on certain facts, assumptions, representations and undertakings from Hertz Holdings and New Hertz regarding the past and future conduct of the companies respective businesses and other matters. If any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are incorrect or not otherwise satisfied, Herc Holdings, its affiliates and its stockholders may not be able to rely on the ruling or the opinions of tax advisors and could be subject to significant tax liabilities. Notwithstanding the private letter ruling and opinions of tax advisors, the IRS could determine on audit that the Spin-Offs and related transactions are taxable if it determines that any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are not correct or have been violated or if it disagrees with the conclusions in the opinions that are not covered by the private letter ruling, or for other reasons, including as a result of certain significant changes in the stock ownership of Herc Holdings or New Hertz after the Spin-Off. If the Spin-Offs or related transactions are determined to be taxable for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we and, in certain cases, our stockholders could incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities, including taxation on the value of the New Hertz common stock in the Spin-Off. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Significant Indebtedness 
 
 Our significant level of indebtedness exposes or makes us more vulnerable to a number of risks that could materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and ability to compete. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had total outstanding debt of approximately 2.9 billion, including our outstanding senior notes and the amounts drawn under our credit facilities. This significant indebtedness requires us to dedicate a significant portion of our cash flows from operations and investing activities to make payments on our debt, which reduces the amount available for working capital, capital expenditures or other general corporate purposes and which decreases our profitability and cash flow. We cannot assure you that we will maintain financing activities and cash flows sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness. In addition, our indebtedness could materially adversely affect us. For example, it could: (i) make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations to the holders of our outstanding debt securities and to the lenders under our credit facilities, resulting in possible defaults on, and acceleration of, such indebtedness; (ii) be difficult to refinance or borrow additional funds in the future; (iii) increase our vulnerability to, and limit our flexibility to plan for, or react to, general adverse economic and industry conditions, (iv) place us at a competitive disadvantage to our competitors that have proportionately less debt or comparable debt at more favorable interest rates or on better terms; (v) limit our ability to declare and pay dividends; and (vi) limit our ability to react to competitive pressures, or make it difficult for us to carry out capital spending that is necessary or important to our growth strategy and our efforts to improve operating margins. There is also a risk that one or more of the financial institutions providing commitments under our revolving credit facilities could fail to fund an extension of credit under any such facility, due to insolvency or otherwise, leaving us with less liquidity than expected. Our ability to manage these risks will depend, among other things, on financial market conditions as well as our financial and operating performance, which, in turn, is subject to a wide range of risks, including those described above under Risks Related to Our Business. 
 
 If our capital resources (including borrowings under our financing arrangements and access to other refinancing indebtedness) and operating cash flows are not sufficient to pay our obligations as they mature or to fund our liquidity needs, we may be forced, among other things, to do one or more of the following: (i) sell certain of our assets; (ii) reduce the size of our rental fleet; (iii) reduce or delay capital expenditures; (iv) reduce or eliminate our dividend; (v) obtain additional equity capital; (vi) forgo business opportunities, including acquisitions and joint ventures; or (vii) restructure or refinance all or a portion of our debt before maturity. We cannot assure you that we would be able to accomplish any of these alternatives on a timely basis or on satisfactory terms, if at all. If we cannot refinance or otherwise pay our obligations as they mature and fund our liquidity 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 ITEM lA. RISK FACTORS (continued) 

 needs, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, ability to obtain financing and ability to compete could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Substantially all of our consolidated assets secure certain of our indebtedness, which could materially adversely affect our business and holders of our debt and equity. 
 
 Substantially all of our consolidated assets, including our rental fleet, are subject to security interests under our revolving credit facility. As a result, the lenders under those financing arrangements have a secured claim on such assets in the event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or reorganization, and we may not have sufficient funds to pay in full, or at all, all of our creditors or make any amount available to holders of our equity. The same is true with respect to structurally senior obligations. In general, all liabilities and other obligations of a subsidiary must be satisfied before the assets of such subsidiary can be made available to the unsecured or junior creditors (or equity holders) of the parent entity. 
 
 Because substantially all of our assets are encumbered under our revolving credit facility, our ability to incur additional secured indebtedness or to sell or dispose of assets to raise capital may be impaired, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial flexibility and liquidity and force us to attempt to incur additional unsecured indebtedness, which may not be available to us. 
 
 An increase in interest rates or in our borrowing margin would increase the cost of servicing our debt and could reduce our profitability. 
 
 A significant portion of our indebtedness bears interest at floating rates, which increases our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions (such as economic cycles and credit-related disruptions), including interest rate fluctuations. To the extent we have not hedged against rising interest rates, an increase in the applicable benchmark interest rates would increase our cost of servicing our debt and could reduce our profitability and materially adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 In addition, we may in the future seek to refinance our indebtedness. If interest rates or our borrowing margins increase between the time an existing financing arrangement was consummated and the time such financing arrangement is refinanced, the cost of servicing our debt would increase and our results of operations and liquidity could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Despite our current level of indebtedness, we may still be able to incur substantially more debt. This could further exacerbate the risks described above. 
 
 We and our subsidiaries may be able to incur significant additional indebtedness in the future. Although the agreements and instruments governing our financing arrangements contain restrictions on our ability to incur additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, and the additional indebtedness that could be incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. Further, these restrictions also do not prevent us from incurring obligations that do not constitute indebtedness. If new debt or other obligations are added to our current debt and liability levels without a corresponding refinancing or redemption of our existing indebtedness and obligations, the risks related to our substantial indebtedness could increase. 
 
 Risks Related to the Securities Markets and Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 
 The market price of our common stock could decline as a result of the sale or distribution of a large number of shares of our common stock in the market or the perception that a sale or distribution could occur. These factors also could make it more difficult for us to raise funds through future offerings of our common stock. 
 
 We are unable to predict whether significant amounts of our common stock will be sold in the open market or the potential negative effects that these sales could have on the price of our common stock. Certain shareholders, most notably affiliates of Carl Icahn and Mario Gabelli, have accumulated significant amounts of our common stock. Sales or distributions of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales or distributions will occur, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and make it difficult for us to raise funds through securities offerings in the future. As of December 31, 2022, there were 28.9 million shares of our common stock outstanding, which are freely transferable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), unless held or acquired by our affiliates as that term is defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act. In addition, all shares of our common 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 ITEM lA. RISK FACTORS (continued) 

 stock acquired upon exercise of stock options and other equity-based awards granted under our stock incentive plan also will be freely tradable under the Securities Act unless acquired by our affiliates, as will shares acquired by our employees under our employee stock purchase plan. Approximately 2.6 million shares of common stock have been issued or are reserved for issuance under our stock incentive plan and our employee stock purchase plan. 
 
 We also may issue additional common stock for a number of reasons, including to finance our operations and business strategy (including acquisitions), to adjust our ratio of debt to equity, or to provide incentives pursuant to certain executive compensation arrangements. Such future issuances of equity securities, or the expectation that they will occur, could cause the market price for our common stock to decline. 
 
 Provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation and our By-Laws could discourage potential acquisition proposals and could deter or prevent a change in control. 
 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws contain provisions that are intended to deter coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids and to encourage prospective acquirers to negotiate with our Board of Directors rather than to attempt a hostile takeover. These provisions include: 
 granting to our Board of Directors sole power to set the number of directors and to fill any vacancy on the Board of Directors, whether such vacancy occurs as a result of an increase in the number of directors or otherwise; 
 the ability of our Board of Directors to designate and issue one or more series of preferred stock without stockholder approval, the terms of which may be determined at the sole discretion of our Board of Directors; 
 prohibiting our stockholders from acting by written consent; 
 prohibiting our stockholders from calling special meetings of stockholders; 
 the absence of cumulative voting; and 
 advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and nominations for election to the Board of Directors at stockholder meetings. 
 We believe that these provisions protect our stockholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our Board of Directors and by providing our Board of Directors with more time to assess any acquisition proposal. These provisions are not intended to make us immune from takeovers. However, these provisions apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that our Board of Directors determines is in our best interests and that of our stockholders. Any or all of the foregoing provisions could limit the price that some investors might be willing to pay for shares of our common stock. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 As of February 10, 2023, we had 358 locations in the United States and Canada. We also operate regional headquarters, sales offices and service facilities in the foregoing countries in support of our equipment rental operations. Our principal executive offices are located in Bonita Springs, Florida. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we owned approximately 7 of the locations from which we operate our equipment rental business, with the remainder leased. Those leases are typically triple net leases, where Herc is responsible for the ongoing expenses of the property, including real estate taxes, insurance, and maintenance, in addition to paying rent and utilities. 
 Our rental locations generally are located in industrial or commercial zones. A growing number of locations have highway or major thoroughfare visibility. The typical location includes a customer reception area, an equipment service area and storage facilities for equipment. Most branches have stand-alone maintenance and fueling facilities and showrooms. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 The information required with respect to this item can be found in Note 17, "Commitments and Contingencies" of our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Report. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

Executive Officers of the Registrant 
 The name, age, position and a description of the business experience of each of our executive officers is provided below. There is no family relationship among the executive officers or between any executive officer and a director. 
 
 Name Age Position Lawrence H. Silber 66 President and Chief Executive Officer, Director Mark H. Irion 56 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Christian J. Cunningham 61 Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer Aaron D. Birnbaum 57 Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Tamir Peres 53 Senior Vice President and Chief Information Officer S. Wade Sheek 46 Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Secretary 
 Lawrence H. Silber. Mr. Silber joined the Company in May 2015. Prior to that, Mr. Silber most recently served as an executive advisor at Court Square Capital Partners, LLP, a private equity firm primarily investing in the business services, healthcare, general industrial and technology and telecommunications sectors, from April 2014 to May 2015. Mr. Silber led Hayward Industries, one of the world s largest swimming pool equipment manufacturers, as chief operating officer from 2008 to 2012, overseeing a successful transition through the recession and returning the company to solid profitability. From 1978 to 2008, Mr. Silber worked for Ingersoll-Rand plc, a publicly traded manufacturer of industrial products and components, in a number of roles of increasing responsibility. He led major Ingersoll-Rand business groups, including Utility Equipment, Rental and Remarketing and the Equipment and Services businesses. Earlier in his career, he led sales, marketing and operations functions in Ingersoll-Rand s Power Tool Division and Construction and Mining Group. Mr. Silber has also served as a director of Hayward Holdings, Inc., one of the world's largest swimming pool manufacturers, since November 2019. Mr. Silber previously served on the board of directors of SMTC Corporation, a mid-size provider of end-to-end electronics manufacturing services, from 2012 to 2015 (and from May 2013 through January 2014 served as its interim president and CEO). 
 Mark H. Irion. Mr. Irion joined the Company in June 2018. Prior to that, Mr. Irion most recently served as the chief financial officer of Neff Corporation, a publicly traded equipment rental company, for 19 years until its sale in October 2017. Prior to his role with Neff, he was chief financial officer for Markvision Holdings, Inc., a computer component distribution company, from 1994 to 1998 and, before that, he was an audit senior for Deloitte Touche LLP in the U.S. and New Zealand. 
 Christian J. Cunningham. Mr. Cunningham joined the Company in September 2014 from DFC Global Corporation where he served as vice president, corporate HR and HR services since June 2013 with global responsibility for all human resource matters for corporate staff. Previously, Mr. Cunningham held the position of vice president, HR, compensation and benefits at Sunoco Inc. and Sunoco Logistics from 2010 to 2013. Prior to Sunoco, Mr. Cunningham served at ARAMARK as vice president, global compensation and strategy from 2008 to 2010; at Scholastic Inc. as vice president, compensation, benefits and HRIS from 2006 to 2007; and at Pep Boys as assistant vice president, human resources from 2005 to 2006. Previously, Mr. Cunningham held director and regional managerial positions in roles with increasing levels of responsibility at Pep Boys from 1995 to 2005 and Tire Service Corporation, Inc. from 1985 to 1995. 
 Aaron D. Birnbaum. Mr. Birnbaum served the Company and its predecessor business for more than 30 years. Prior to his current role, Mr. Birnbaum has served as the Company s Senior Vice President from 2017 to 2019 and served as a Regional Vice President from 2012 to 2017. As Senior Vice President, Mr. Birnbaum oversaw the Company's Western, Northwest, North Central and Canada regions as well as its Herc Entertainment Services and Cinelease specialty equipment rental units. Mr. Birnbaum also has held leadership responsibilities related to the Company's strategic planning, operational execution and M A activities. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 Executive Officers of the Registrant (continued) 

 Tamir Peres. Mr. Peres joined the Company in September 2017 from Sunoco Logistics, a publicly-traded, midstream energy company, where he served as vice president and chief information officer since 2012, leading the Sunoco Logistics Information Technology group. From 2005 to 2012, Mr. Peres held the position of director of corporate information technology at Sunoco, Inc., where he was responsible for all strategic and tactical aspects of technology across the Refining and Supply, Retail Marketing, Chemicals, Logistics and Coke business units. He was previously director of Worldwide Financial Systems for Kulicke Soffa Industries, Inc., a global manufacturer and supplier of semiconductor equipment, and before that he worked for Ernst Young, including as an audit senior in its Assurance Services area. 
 S. Wade Sheek. Mr. Sheek joined the Company in November 2019 from Republic Airways Holdings Inc., a regional airline, where he served as general counsel and secretary from 2018 to 2019 and oversaw the legal, contracting, communications and government relations functions. From 2013 to 2018, he served as deputy general counsel and corporate secretary at Allegion plc, a multi-national manufacturing company, and had responsibility for SEC matters, corporate governance, M A and strategic initiatives. Prior to that, Mr. Sheek held roles with increasing responsibility with The Home Depot, Inc., UnitedHealth Group Incorporated and Ingersoll-Rand plc. 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANTS COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITY 

Common Stock and Registered Holders 
 Our common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") under the symbol "HRI". On February 10, 2023, there were 1,527 registered holders of our common stock. The number of beneficial owners is substantially greater than the number of record holders because a large portion of our common stock is held of record in "street name." 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 In March 2014, we announced a 1.0 billion share repurchase program (the "Share Repurchase Program"), which replaced an earlier program. The Share Repurchase Program permits us to purchase shares through a variety of methods, including in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions, in accordance with applicable securities laws. We are not obligated to make any repurchases at any specific time or in any specific amount and our repurchases may be subject to certain predetermined price/volume guidelines, set from time-time, by our Board of Directors. The timing and extent to which we repurchase shares will depend upon, among other things, strategic priorities, market conditions, share price, liquidity targets, contractual restrictions, regulatory requirements and other factors. Share repurchases may be commenced or suspended at any time or from time to time, subject to legal and contractual requirements, without prior notice. 
 The following table provides information about our repurchases of our common stock during the fourth quarter of 2022: 
 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Dollar Amount of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program October 1, 2022 to October 31, 2022 459,388 109.46 459,388 November 1, 2022 to November 30, 2022 48,774 118.62 48,774 December 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 Total 508,162 110.34 508,162 280,638,376 
 
 Dividends 
 On February 8, 2023, the Company declared a quarterly dividend of 0.6325 per share to record holders as of February 22, 2023, with payment date of March 9, 2023. The agreements governing our indebtedness restrict our ability to pay dividends. See Item 7, "Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Dividends," in this Report. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES (Continued) 

Recent Performance 
 
 The following graph compares the cumulative total stockholder return on Herc Holdings common stock from December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2022, with the cumulative total returns of the Standard Poor's Small Cap 600 Index, the Standard Poor's Mid Cap 400 Trading Companies Distributors Industry Index and an industry peer group. The Standard Poor's Mid Cap 400 Trading Companies Distributors Industry Index was added in 2022 as the companies included more closely align to the Company's industry and business. The industry peer group is comprised of publicly traded companies participating in the equipment rental industry and other relevant companies of comparable size in the broader industry in which we compete. Our industry peer group is comprised of Applied Industrial Tech Inc., Ashstead Group plc, Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc., Fastenal Company, GATX Corp., H E Equipment Services, KAR Auction Services Inc., McGrath RentCorp, NOW Inc., Pool Corp., Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers Incorporated, Triton International Ltd., Watsco Inc., WillScot Mobile Mini Holdings Corp. and United Rentals, Inc. 
 
 The graph assumes that 100 was invested on December 31, 2017 over the indicated time periods and assumes reinvestment of all dividends, if any, paid on the securities. The cumulative total return calculation for Herc Holdings is based on stock price appreciation and payment of cash dividends. The stock price performance shown on the graph is not necessarily indicative of future price performance. 

ITEM 6. RESERVED 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("MD A") should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in Item 8 of this Report, which include additional information about our accounting policies, practices and the transactions underlying our financial results. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("U.S. GAAP") requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes including receivables allowances, depreciation of rental equipment, the recoverability of long-lived assets, useful lives and impairment of long-lived tangible and intangible assets including goodwill and trade name, pension and postretirement benefits, valuation of stock-based compensation, reserves for litigation and other contingencies, accounting for income taxes and other matters arising during the normal course of business. We apply our best judgment, our knowledge of existing facts and circumstances and our knowledge of actions that we may undertake in the future in determining the estimates that will affect our consolidated financial statements. We evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis using our historical experience, as well as other factors we believe appropriate under the circumstances, such as current economic conditions, and adjust or revise our estimates as circumstances change. As future events and their effects cannot be determined with precision, actual results may differ from these estimates. 
 
 OVERVIEW OF OUR BUSINESS AND OPERATING ENVIRONMENT 
 
 We are engaged principally in the business of renting equipment. Ancillary to our principal business of equipment rental, we also sell used rental equipment, sell new equipment and consumables and offer certain services and support to our customers. Our profitability is dependent upon a number of factors including the volume, mix and pricing of rental transactions and the utilization of equipment. Significant changes in the purchase price or residual values of equipment or interest rates can have a significant effect on our profitability depending on our ability to adjust pricing for these changes. Our business requires significant expenditures for equipment, and consequently we require substantial liquidity to finance such expenditures. See "Liquidity and Capital Resources" below. 
 
 Our revenues are primarily derived from rental and related charges and consist of: 
 
 Equipment rental (includes all revenue associated with the rental of equipment including ancillary revenue from delivery, rental protection programs and fueling charges); 
 Sales of rental equipment and sales of new equipment, parts and supplies; and 
 Service and other revenue (primarily relating to training and labor provided to customers). 
 
 Our expenses primarily consist of: 
 
 Direct operating expenses (primarily wages and related benefits, facility costs and other costs relating to the operation and rental of rental equipment, such as delivery, maintenance and fuel); 
 Cost of sales of rental equipment, new equipment, parts and supplies; 
 Depreciation expense relating to rental equipment; 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses; and 
 Interest expense. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued) 

2022 Overview 
 
 Our results for 2022 reflect the strong demand in the rental industry as demonstrated by our equipment rental revenues of 2.6 billion, an increase of 33.6 over 2021, reflecting positive pricing of 5.8 and increased volume of equipment on rent of 31.8 . Our local markets and industries have shown continued strength in economic activity and we believe the operating environment continues to be favorable for equipment rental companies of scale. We continued to execute on company-wide initiatives to increase our margins and profitability, resulting in an increase in net income to 329.9 million from 224.1 million in 2021. 
 
 We invested significantly in our rental equipment as part of our long-term capital expenditure plans, adding rental equipment in high growth markets in response to customer demand and to position ourselves for growth into 2023. Additionally, during 2022, we completed 18 acquisitions, adding 29 branches, totaling a net cash outflow of 515.2 million, while also opening 21 new greenfield locations. The addition of new locations supports our long-term strategy to achieve greater density and scale in select urban markets across North America to better serve both our local and national customers. 
 
 In order to provide financial flexibility and continue investment in our business, we amended our senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility to increase the aggregate amount of the revolving credit commitments from 1.75 billion to 3.5 billion and extended the maturity to 2027. Additionally, we amended and extended our account receivable securitization facility, which now matures August 31, 2023 and increased the aggregate commitments from 250 million to 335 million. 
 
 As part of our capital allocation strategy, we have continued to pay quarterly dividends at 0.575 per share throughout 2022 and also repurchased approximately 1.1 million shares of our common stock for 115.2 million. 
 
 COVID-19 
 
 We continue to monitor the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the potential shift toward becoming more endemic in the U.S. The health and safety of our employees, customers, and the communities in which we operate remains our top priority. We remain focused on the safety and well-being of our employees, customers and communities as we maintain a high-level of service to our customers. As part of our overall safety culture, we communicate frequently throughout the organization to reinforce our health and safety guidelines, informed by the Center for Disease Control recommendations. 
 
 The impact of COVID-19 continues to evolve and the impact on the economy may be influenced by a number of factors, including a widespread resurgence in COVID-19 infections, whether due to the spread of variants of the virus or otherwise, the rate and efficacy of vaccinations, labor constraints, the strength of the global supply chain, and government actions. We cannot predict the extent to which the ultimate impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, or a shift from pandemic to endemic, will have on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows, however, we believe we are well-positioned to operate effectively through the present environment. 

25 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued) 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Year Ended December 31, in millions) 2022 2021 Change Change Equipment rental 2,551.5 1,910.4 641.1 33.6 Sales of rental equipment 125.7 113.1 12.6 11.1 Sales of new equipment, parts and supplies 35.8 30.1 5.7 18.9 Service and other revenue 25.8 19.5 6.3 32.3 Total revenues 
 2,738.8 2,073.1 665.7 32.1 Direct operating 1,027.7 782.3 245.4 31.4 Depreciation of rental equipment 535.9 420.7 115.2 27.4 Cost of sales of rental equipment 88.8 93.3 (4.5) (4.8) Cost of sales of new equipment, parts and supplies 22.3 20.3 2.0 9.9 Selling, general and administrative 410.1 310.8 99.3 31.9 Non-rental depreciation and amortization 94.9 68.0 26.9 39.6 Impairment 3.5 3.2 0.3 9.4 Interest expense, net 122.0 86.3 35.7 41.4 Other expense (income), net 0.2 (2.2) 2.4 109.1 Income before income taxes 433.4 290.4 143.0 49.2 Income tax provision (103.5) (66.3) (37.2) 56.1 Net income 329.9 224.1 105.8 47.2 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared with Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Equipment rental revenue increased 641.1 million, or 33.6 . The increase was primarily due to higher volume of equipment on rent of 31.8 and positive pricing of 5.8 during 2022 over the prior year. 
 
 Sales of rental equipment increased 12.6 million, or 11.1 , during the year ended December 31, 2022 when compared with 2021 as disposals in the fourth quarter returned to a more seasonal pattern in line with rotating the fleet as part of our long-term strategy. The margin on sales of rental equipment was 29.4 in 2022 compared to 17.5 in 2021. The increase in margin on sale of rental equipment in 2022 was driven by improved pricing due to the overall strong market for used equipment. 
 
 Direct operating expenses increased 245.4 million, or 31.4 , related to increases in (i) personnel-related expenses of 106.0 million primarily resulting from increased headcount and increased wages and benefits, (ii) fleet related expenses including fuel and maintenance expense of 86.0 million resulting from our increased fleet size and higher volume and higher average fuel prices in 2022, (iii) facilities expense of 25.6 million as we have added more locations through acquisitions and opening greenfield locations, (iv) delivery expense of 16.2 million due to increased volume of transactions, and (v) re-rent expense of 13.0 million due to the corresponding increase in re-rent revenue. 
 
 Depreciation of rental equipment increased 115.2 million, or 27.4 , during 2022 due to the increase in average fleet size. Non-rental depreciation and amortization increased 26.9 million, or 39.6 , primarily due to amortization of intangible assets related to acquisitions. 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased 99.3 million, or 31.9 . The increase was primarily due to selling expense, including commissions and other variable compensation increases, of 44.9 million, and general payroll and benefits increases of 14.4 million, which includes an increase in stock compensation expense of 3.8 million. Travel expense and credit and collections expense also increased by 13.0 million and 8.2 million, respectively. 
 
 Interest expense, net increased 35.7 million, or 41.4 , during 2022 due to higher average outstanding balances and weighted average interest rates on the ABL Credit Facility and AR Facility when compared to 2021. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued) 

Income tax provision was 103.5 million during 2022 when compared with 66.3 million for the same period in 2021. The provision during 2022 was primarily driven by the increased level of pre-tax income, non-deductible expenses, stock-based compensation, state taxes and tax credits. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 Our primary liquidity needs include the payment of operating expenses, purchases of rental equipment to be used in our operations, servicing of debt, funding acquisitions, payment of dividends, and share repurchases. Our primary sources of funding are operating cash flows, cash received from the disposal of equipment and borrowings under our debt arrangements. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 2.9 billion of total nominal indebtedness outstanding. 
 
 Our liquidity as of December 31, 2022 consisted of cash and cash equivalents of 53.5 million and unused commitments of approximately 1.6 billion under our ABL Credit Facility. See "Borrowing Capacity and Availability" below for further discussion. Our practice is to maintain sufficient liquidity through cash from operations, our ABL Credit Facility and our AR Facility to mitigate the impacts of any adverse financial market conditions on our operations. We believe that cash generated from operations and cash received from the disposal of equipment, together with amounts available under the ABL Credit Facility and the AR Facility or other financing arrangements will be sufficient to meet working capital requirements and anticipated capital expenditures, and other strategic uses of cash, if any, and debt payments, if any, over the next twelve months. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 Significant factors driving our liquidity position include cash flows generated from operating activities and capital expenditures. Historically, we have generated and expect to continue to generate positive cash flow from operations. Our ability to fund our capital needs will be affected by our ongoing ability to generate cash from operations and access to capital markets. 
 
 The following table summarizes the change in cash and cash equivalents for the periods shown (in millions): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 916.7 744.0 172.7 Investing activities (1,681.8) (961.3) (720.5) Financing activities 784.1 219.6 564.5 Effect of exchange rate changes (0.6) (0.2) (0.4) Net change in cash and cash equivalents 18.4 2.1 16.3 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared with Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we generated 172.7 million more cash from operating activities compared with the same period in 2021. The increase was related to improved operating results primarily resulting from higher revenues coupled with improved operating leverage on costs. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Cash used in investing activities increased 720.5 million during 2022 when compared with the prior-year period. Our primary use of cash in investing activities is for the acquisition of rental equipment, non-rental capital expenditures and acquisitions. Generally, we rotate our equipment and manage our fleet of rental equipment in line with customer demand and continue to invest in our information technology, service vehicles and facilities. Changes in our net capital expenditures are described in more detail in the "Capital Expenditures" section below. Additionally, we closed on 18 acquisitions during the year ended December 31, 2022 for a net cash outflow of 515.2 million. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued) 

Financing Activities 
 
 Cash provided by financing activities increased 564.5 million during 2022 when compared with the prior-year period. Financing activities during 2022 primarily represent our changes in debt, which included net borrowings of 1.0 billion on our revolving lines of credit and securitization, which were used primarily to fund acquisitions and invest in rental equipment during the year. Net borrowings in the prior year period were 251.6 million. 
 
 In accordance with our Share Repurchase Program, we may from time to time repurchase shares in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions, in accordance with applicable securities laws. We repurchased approximately 1.1 million shares during 2022 in accordance with our overall capital allocation strategy and as of December 31, 2022, 280.6 million remains available for repurchases. 
 
 In order to reduce future cash interest payments, as well as future amounts due at maturity or upon redemption, we may from time to time repurchase our debt, including our notes, bonds, loans or other indebtedness, in privately negotiated, open market or other transactions and upon such terms and at such prices as we may determine. We will evaluate any such transactions in light of then-existing market conditions, taking into account our current liquidity and prospects for future access to capital. The repurchases may be material and could relate to a substantial proportion of a particular class or series, which could reduce the trading liquidity of such class or series. 
 
 Capital Expenditures 
 
 Our capital expenditures relate largely to purchases of rental equipment, with the remaining portion representing purchases of property, equipment and information technology. The table below sets forth the capital expenditures related to our rental equipment and related disposals for the periods noted (in millions). 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Rental equipment expenditures 1,168.5 593.8 Disposals of rental equipment (121.1) (106.9) Net rental equipment expenditures 1,047.4 486.9 
 Net capital expenditures for rental equipment increased 560.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021, as we manage our fleet by continuing to invest in our fleet in high growth markets as part of our long-term capital expenditure plans and manage disposals to respond to a tight equipment market. 
 In 2023, we expect our net rental equipment capital expenditures to be in the range of 1.0 billion to 1.2 billion. 
 Borrowing Capacity and Availability 
 
 Our ABL Credit Facility and AR Facility (together, the "Facilities") provide our borrowing capacity and availability. Creditors under the Facilities have a claim on specific pools of assets as collateral as identified in each credit agreement. Our ability to borrow under the Facilities is a function of, among other things, the value of the assets in the relevant collateral pool. We refer to the amount of debt we can borrow given a certain pool of assets as the "Borrowing Base." 
 
 In connection with the AR Facility, we sell accounts receivable on an ongoing basis to a wholly-owned special-purpose entity (the "SPE"). The accounts receivable and other assets of the SPE are encumbered in favor of the lenders under our AR Facility. The SPE assets are owned by the SPE and are not available to settle the obligations of the Company or any of its other subsidiaries. Substantially all of the remaining assets of Herc and certain of its U.S. and Canadian subsidiaries are encumbered in favor of our lenders under our ABL Credit Facility. None of such assets are available to satisfy the claims of our general creditors. See Note 11, "Debt" included in Part II, Item 8 "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Report for more information. 
 
 With respect to the Facilities, we refer to "Remaining Capacity" as the maximum principal amount of debt permitted to be outstanding under the Facilities (i.e., the amount of debt we could borrow assuming we possessed sufficient assets as collateral) less the principal amount of debt then-outstanding under the Facility. We refer to "Availability Under Borrowing Base Limitation" as the lower of Remaining Capacity or the Borrowing Base less the principal amount of debt then-outstanding under the Facility (i.e., the amount of debt we could borrow given the collateral we possess at such time). 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued) 

As of December 31, 2022, the following was available to us (in millions): 
 Remaining Capacity Availability Under Borrowing Base Limitation ABL Credit Facility 2,134.5 1,575.3 AR Facility Total 2,134.5 1,575.3 
 
 During the third quarter of 2022, we entered into an amendment to the ABL Credit Facility that was executed primarily to increase the aggregate amount of the revolving credit commitments to 3.5 billion and to extend the maturity date to July 5, 2027. Additionally, we amended the AR Facility to increase the aggregate commitments from 250 million to 335 million and extend the maturity to August 31, 2023. See Note 11, "Debt" included in Part II, Item 8 "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Report for more information. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, 25.8 million of standby letters of credit were issued and outstanding under the ABL Credit Facility, none of which have been drawn upon. The ABL Credit Facility had 224.2 million available under the letter of credit facility sublimit, subject to borrowing base restrictions. 
 
 Covenants 
 
 Our ABL Credit Facility, our AR Facility and our 2027 Notes contain a number of covenants that, among other things, limit or restrict our ability to dispose of assets, incur additional indebtedness, incur guarantee obligations, prepay certain indebtedness, make certain restricted payments (including paying dividends, redeeming stock or making other distributions), create liens, make investments, make acquisitions, engage in mergers, fundamentally change the nature of our business, make capital expenditures, or engage in certain transactions with certain affiliates. 
 
 Under the terms of our ABL Credit Facility, our AR Facility and our 2027 Notes, we are not subject to ongoing financial maintenance covenants; however, under the ABL Credit Facility, failure to maintain certain levels of liquidity will subject us to a contractually specified fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than 1:1 for the four quarters most recently ended. As of December 31, 2022, the appropriate levels of liquidity have been maintained, therefore this financial maintenance covenant is not applicable. 
 
 For further information on the terms of our 2027 Notes, ABL Credit Facility and AR Facility see Note 11, "Debt" included in Part II, Item 8 "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Report. For a discussion of the risks associated with our indebtedness, see Part I, Item 1A "Risk Factors" contained in this Report. 
 
 Dividends 
 On February 8, 2023, the Company declared a quarterly dividend of 0.6325 per share to record holders as of February 22, 2023, with payment date of March 9, 2023. The declaration of dividends on our common stock is discretionary and will be determined by our board of directors in its sole discretion and will depend on our business conditions, financial condition, earnings, liquidity and capital requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. The amounts available to pay cash dividends are restricted by our debt agreements. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 
 Our discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued) 

Certain of our accounting policies, as discussed below, involve a higher degree of judgment and complexity in their application and, therefore, represent the critical accounting policies used in the preparation of our financial statements. If different assumptions or conditions were to prevail, the results could be materially different from our reported results. For additional discussion of our critical accounting policies and estimates, as well as our significant accounting policies, see Note 2, "Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies" to the notes to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Report. 
 
 Rental Equipment 
 
 Our principal assets are rental equipment, which represented 58.5 and 59.4 of our total assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Rental equipment consists of equipment utilized in our equipment rental operations. When rental equipment is acquired, we use historical experience, industry residual value guidebooks and the monitoring of market conditions to set depreciation rates. Generally, we estimate the period that we will hold the asset, primarily based on historical measures of the amount of equipment usage and the targeted age of equipment at the time of disposal. We also estimate the residual value of the applicable rental equipment at the expected time of disposal. The residual value for rental equipment is affected by factors which include equipment age and amount of usage. Depreciation is recorded over the estimated holding period. Depreciation rates are reviewed regularly based on management's ongoing assessment of present and estimated future market conditions, their effect on residual values at the time of disposal and the estimated holding periods. To the extent that the useful lives of all of our rental equipment were to increase or decrease by one year, we estimate that our annual depreciation expense would decrease or increase by approximately 50 million or 60 million, respectively. Market conditions for used equipment sales also can be affected by external factors such as the economy, natural disasters, fuel prices, supply of similar used equipment, the market price for similar new equipment and incentives offered by manufacturers. As a result of this ongoing assessment, we make periodic adjustments to depreciation rates of rental equipment in response to changing market conditions. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no material adjustments to our depreciation rates. 
 
 Defined Benefit Pension Obligations 
 
 The Herc Holdings Retirement Plan is a U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plan that has been frozen to new employees since it was established in 2016. Additionally, pursuant to various collective bargaining agreements, certain union-represented employees participate in multiemployer pension plans. 
 Employee pension costs and obligations are dependent on assumptions used by actuaries in calculating such amounts. These assumptions include discount rates, salary growth, long-term return on plan assets, retirement rates, mortality rates and other factors. Actual results that differ from our assumptions are accumulated and amortized over future periods and, therefore, generally affect our recognized expense in such future periods. While we believe that the assumptions used are appropriate, significant differences in actual experience or significant changes in assumptions would affect our pension costs and obligations. The various employee-related actuarial assumptions (e.g., retirement rates, mortality rates and salary growth) used in determining pension costs and plan liabilities are reviewed periodically by management, assisted by the enrolled actuary, and updated as warranted. The discount rate used to value the pension liabilities and related expenses and the expected rate of return on plan assets are the two most significant assumptions impacting pension expense. The discount rate used is a market-based rate as of the valuation date. For the expected return on assets assumption, we use a forward-looking rate that is based on the expected return for each asset class (including the value added by active investment management), weighted by the target asset allocation. The past annualized long-term performance of the Plan's assets has generally been in line with the long-term rate of return assumption. 
 
 Business Combinations 
 
 The Company has made multiple acquisitions and may continue to make acquisitions in the future. The assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded based on their respective fair values at the date of acquisition. Determining the fair value of the assets and liabilities acquired is judgmental in nature and can involve the use of significant estimates and assumptions. Long-lived assets (principally rental equipment), goodwill and other intangible assets generally represent the largest components of the acquisitions. Rental equipment is valued utilizing either a cost or market approach, or a combination of these methods, depending on the asset being valued and the availability of market data. The intangible assets that the Company has acquired are non-compete agreements, customer relationships and trade names and associated trademarks. The estimated fair values of these intangible assets reflect various assumptions about discount rates, revenue growth rates, operating margins, terminal 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued) 

values, useful lives and other prospective financial information. Goodwill is calculated as the excess of the cost of the acquired entity over the net of the fair value of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. Non-compete agreements, customer relationships and trade names and associated trademarks are valued based on an excess earnings or income approach based on projected cash flows and may be amortized over the useful life if they are determined to be finite-lived intangible assets. 
 
 As part of an acquisition, the Company will also acquire other assets and assume liabilities. These other assets and liabilities typically include, but are not limited to, parts inventory, accounts receivable, accounts payable and other working capital items. Because of their short-term nature, the fair values of these other assets and liabilities generally approximate the book values on the acquired entities' balance sheets. 
 
 Goodwill and Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets 
 
 On an annual basis and at interim periods when circumstances require, we test the recoverability of our goodwill. Goodwill impairment is deemed to exist if the carrying value of goodwill of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value. A reporting unit is an operating segment or a business one level below that operating segment (the component level) if discrete financial information is prepared and regularly reviewed by segment management. However, components are aggregated as a single reporting unit if they have similar economic characteristics. We have assessed the guidance and performed our analysis using our one reporting unit, North American equipment rental. 
 
 Pursuant to Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 350, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other , an entity may first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. Various factors are considered in performing the qualitative test, including macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, the overall financial performance of our reporting unit, our stock price and the excess amount between our reporting unit s fair value and carrying value as indicated on our most recent quantitative assessment. 
 
 When assessing the fair value of our reporting units using a quantitative approach, we estimate the fair value using a combination of an income approach on the present value of estimated future cash flows and a market approach based on published earnings multiples of comparable entities with similar operations and economic characteristics as well as acquisition multiples paid in recent transactions. The key assumptions used in the discounted cash flow valuation model for impairment testing include discount rates, growth rates, cash flow projections and terminal value rates. Discount rates are set by using the weighted average cost of capital, or "WACC," methodology. The WACC methodology considers market and industry data as well as company specific risk factors for each reporting unit in determining the appropriate discount rates to be used. The discount rate utilized for each reporting unit is indicative of the return an investor would expect to receive for investing in such a business. The cash flows represent management's most recent planning assumptions. These assumptions are based on a combination of industry outlooks, views on general economic conditions and our expected pricing plans. Terminal value rate determination follows common methodology of capturing the present value of perpetual cash flow estimates beyond the last projected period assuming a constant WACC and low long-term growth rates. If the carrying value of the reporting unit is greater than its fair value, we recognize an impairment charge for the amount equal to that excess. A significant decline in the projected cash flows or a change in the WACC used to determine fair value could result in a future goodwill impairment charge. 
 
 Indefinite-lived intangible assets, primarily trade names, are not amortized but are evaluated annually for impairment and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of this asset may exceed its fair value. If the carrying value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. 
 
 In connection with our impairment analysis for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets conducted as of October 1, 2022, we assessed qualitative factors as described above to determine if it is more likely than not that goodwill and indefinite-lived assets may be impaired and concluded that there was no impairment related to such assets. 
 
 Finite-Lived Intangible and Long-Lived Assets 
 Finite-lived intangible assets include technology, customer relationships, and other intangibles. Intangible assets with finite lives are amortized over the estimated economic lives of the assets, which range from five to 14 years. These assets are 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Continued) 

primarily amortized using the straight-line method, however, certain assets may be amortized using an accelerated method that reflects the economic benefit to us. Long-lived assets, including intangible assets with finite lives, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. Determination of recoverability is based on an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows resulting from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. Measurement of an impairment loss for long-lived assets that management expects to hold and use is based on the estimated fair value of the asset. Long-lived assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of carrying amount or estimated fair value less costs to sell. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recorded asset impairment charges of 3.5 million, 3.2 million and 15.4 million, respectively, see Note 8, "Impairment" to the notes to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Report for further detail. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and net bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect of a change in tax rates is recognized in the statement of operations in the period that includes the enactment date. Valuation allowances are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets by the 
 amount that is more likely than not to be realized. Subsequent changes to enacted tax rates will result in changes to deferred taxes and any related valuation allowances. We have recorded a deferred tax asset for unutilized net operating loss carryforwards in various tax jurisdictions. 
 
 The Company has determined not to assert that earnings from foreign operations are permanently reinvested. Therefore, the Company recognizes deferred taxes on foreign earnings as appropriate. The Company has asserted that future earnings associated with the potential stock sale or liquidation of foreign subsidiaries is permanently reinvested. Accordingly, the Company has not recorded any deferred tax liabilities associated with these book-to-tax differences. We regularly review our cash positions and our determination of permanent reinvestment of foreign earnings. If we determine that all or a portion of such foreign earnings are repatriated, we may be subject to additional foreign withholding taxes and U.S. state income taxes. Many foreign jurisdictions impose taxes on distributions to other jurisdictions. Due to the variations and complexities of these laws, we believe it would be impractical to calculate and accrue these taxes beyond the normal earnings and profits standard for U.S. tax purposes. 
 
 In accordance with ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes , the Company recognizes, in its consolidated financial statements, the impact of the Company's tax positions that are more likely than not to be sustained upon examination. The Company will determine whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. In evaluating whether a tax position has met the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, the Company presumes that the position will be examined by the appropriate taxing authority with full knowledge of all relevant information. Upon determination that a tax position meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, it is measured to determine the amount of benefit to recognize in the financial statements. 
 
 We are subject to ongoing tax examinations and assessments in various jurisdictions. Accordingly, accruals for tax contingencies are established based on the probable outcomes of such matters. Our ongoing assessments of the probable outcomes of the examinations and related tax accruals require judgment and could increase or decrease our effective tax rate as well as impact our operating results.. 
 
 RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 For a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements, see Note 2, "Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies" to the notes to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Report. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

RISK MANAGEMENT 
 
 For a discussion of additional risks arising from our operations, see Part I, Item 1A "Risk Factors" included in this Report. 
 
 Market Risk 
 
 We are exposed to a variety of market risks, including the effects of changes in interest rates (including credit spreads), foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations in fuel prices. We manage our exposure to these market risks through our regular operating and financing activities and, when deemed appropriate, through the use of derivative financial instruments. Derivative financial instruments are viewed as risk management tools and have not been used for speculative or trading purposes. In addition, derivative financial instruments are entered into with a diversified group of major financial institutions in order to manage our exposure to counterparty nonperformance on such instruments. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 We have assessed our exposure to changes in interest rates by analyzing the sensitivity to our earnings assuming various changes in market interest rates. Assuming a hypothetical increase of one percentage point in interest rates on our ABL Credit Facility, AR Facility and cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022, our pre-tax earnings would decrease by an estimated 16.2 million over a 12-month period. 
 
 From time to time, we may enter into interest rate swap agreements to manage interest rate risk on our mix of fixed and floating rate debt. Consistent with the terms of certain agreements governing our debt obligations, we may decide to hedge a portion of the floating rate interest exposure under the ABL Credit Facility to provide protection in respect of such exposure. 
 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 
 We have foreign currency exposure to exchange rate fluctuations, primarily with respect to the Canadian dollar. We manage our foreign currency risk primarily by incurring, to the extent practicable, operating and financing expenses in the local currency in the countries in which we operate, including making fleet and equipment purchases and borrowing locally. 
 
 We also manage exposure to fluctuations in currency risk on cross currency intercompany loans we make to certain of our subsidiaries by entering into foreign currency forward contracts, when appropriate, which are intended to offset the impact of foreign currency movements on the underlying intercompany loan obligations. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, our foreign subsidiaries accounted for less than 10 of our total revenue and total income before income taxes. Based on the size of our foreign operations relative to the Company as a whole, we do not believe that a 10 change in exchange rates would have a material impact on our earnings. We do not engage in purchasing forward exchange contracts for speculative purposes. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Herc Holdings Inc. 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Herc Holdings Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive income, of changes in equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes and schedule of valuation and qualifying accounts for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 appearing under Item 8 (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 As noted in Notes 2 and 15 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recorded an income tax provision of 103.5 million as of December 31, 2022. Additionally, the Company reported a net deferred tax liability balance of 646.5 million. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Management also records deferred tax assets for unutilized net operating loss carryforwards in various tax jurisdictions. Subsequent changes to enacted tax rates will result in changes to deferred taxes. Management recognizes the impact of the Company's uncertain tax positions that are more likely than not to be sustained upon examination. Management will determine whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination. Upon determination that a tax position meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, it is measured to determine the amount of benefit to recognize in the financial statements. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to income taxes is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management in determining the income tax provision and in evaluating the Company s tax positions, which in turn led to significant auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing audit procedures and evaluating audit evidence relating to income taxes. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the income tax provision, the identification of uncertain tax positions and assessment of related liability changes, if material. These procedures also included, among others, (i) testing the completeness and accuracy of the income tax provision, including the rate reconciliation, return to provision adjustments, and permanent and temporary differences, and (ii) testing the completeness of management s uncertain tax positions. 
 
 /s/ 

February 14, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2013. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In millions, except par value) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Receivables, net of allowances of and , respectively 
 Other current assets Total current assets Rental equipment, net Property and equipment, net Right-of-use lease assets Intangible assets, net Goodwill Other long-term assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current maturities of long-term debt and financing obligations Current maturities of operating lease liabilities Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Total current liabilities 
 Long-term debt, net Financing obligations, net Operating lease liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 17) 
 Equity: Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and and shares outstanding 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings (accumulated deficit) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock, at cost, shares and shares 
 ) ) Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In millions, except per share data) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues: Equipment rental Sales of rental equipment Sales of new equipment, parts and supplies Service and other revenue Total revenues Expenses: Direct operating Depreciation of rental equipment 
 Cost of sales of rental equipment Cost of sales of new equipment, parts and supplies Selling, general and administrative Non-rental depreciation and amortization Impairment Interest expense, net Other expense (income), net ) Total expenses Income before income taxes Income tax provision ) ) ) Net income 
 Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted Earnings per share: 
 Basic Diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (In millions) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments 
 ) Reclassification of foreign currency items to other expense (income), net Unrealized gains and (losses) on hedging instruments: 
 Reclassification into net income ) Income tax provision related to hedging instruments Pension and postretirement benefit liability adjustments: 
 Amortization of net losses and settlement losses included in net periodic pension cost Pension and postretirement benefit liability adjustments arising during the period ) ) Income tax provision related to pension and postretirement plans ) ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total comprehensive income 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 (In millions) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Total Equity Balance at: Shares Amount December 31, 2019 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Stock-based compensation charges Net settlement on vesting of equity awards ) ) Employee stock purchase plan Exercise of stock options December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Stock-based compensation charges Dividends declared, per share 
 ) ) Net settlement on vesting of equity awards ) ) Employee stock purchase plan Exercise of stock options December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Stock-based compensation charges Dividends declared, per share 
 ) ) ) Net settlement on vesting of equity awards ) ) Employee stock purchase plan Exercise of stock options Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) December 31, 2022 ) ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In millions) 

 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation of rental equipment Depreciation of property and equipment Amortization of intangible assets Amortization of deferred debt and financing obligations costs Stock-based compensation charges Impairment Provision for receivables allowance Deferred taxes Loss (gain) on sale of rental equipment ) ) Other Changes in assets and liabilities: Receivables ) ) ) Other assets ) ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued liabilities and other long-term liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Rental equipment expenditures ) ) ) Proceeds from disposal of rental equipment Non-rental capital expenditures ) ) ) Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Proceeds from disposal of business Other investing activities ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

40 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Continued) 
 (In millions) 

 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from revolving lines of credit and securitization Repayments on revolving lines of credit and securitization ) ) ) Principal payments under finance lease and financing obligations ) ) ) Payment of debt financing costs ) ) ) Dividends paid ) ) Net settlement on vesting of equity awards ) ) ) Proceeds from employee stock purchase plan Proceeds from exercise of stock options Repurchase of common stock ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents during the period Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes, net Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing activity: Purchases of rental equipment in accounts payable Non-rental capital expenditures in accounts payable Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing activity: Equipment acquired through finance lease 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

41 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1 
 
 locations in North America as of December 31, 2022. The Company conducts substantially all of its operations through subsidiaries, including Herc Rentals Inc. ("Herc"). With over years of experience, the Company is a full-line equipment rental supplier offering a broad portfolio of equipment for rent. In addition to its principal business of equipment rental, the Company sells used equipment and contractor supplies such as construction consumables, tools, small equipment and safety supplies; provides repair, maintenance, equipment management services and safety training to certain of its customers; offers equipment re-rental services and provides on-site support to its customers; and provides ancillary services such as equipment transport, rental protection, cleaning, refueling and labor. 
 
 The Company's classic fleet includes aerial, earthmoving, material handling, trucks and trailers, air compressors, compaction and lighting. The Company's equipment rental business is supported by ProSolutions , its industry-specific solutions-based services, which includes power generation, climate control, remediation and restoration, pumps, trench shoring, studio and production equipment, and its ProContractor professional grade tools. 

Note 2 

42 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

No single customer accounted for more than of the Company s equipment rental revenue during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no single customer accounted for more than of accounts receivable. 

to years. Generally, when rental equipment is acquired, the Company estimates the period that it will hold the asset, primarily based on historical measures of the amount of rental activity (e.g. equipment usage) and the targeted age of equipment at the time of disposal. The Company also estimates the residual value of the applicable rental equipment at the expected time of disposal. The residual value for rental equipment is affected by factors which include equipment age and amount of usage. Depreciation is recorded over the estimated holding period. Depreciation rates are reviewed on a quarterly basis based on management's ongoing assessment of present and estimated future market conditions, their effect on residual values at the time of disposal and the estimated holding periods. Market conditions for used equipment sales can also be affected by external factors such as the economy, natural disasters, fuel prices, supply of similar used equipment, the market price for similar new equipment and incentives offered by manufacturers of new equipment. These key factors are considered when estimating future residual values and assessing depreciation rates. As a result of this ongoing assessment, the Company makes periodic adjustments to depreciation rates of rental equipment in response to changed market conditions. 
 
 to years 
 Service vehicles to years 
 Machinery and equipment to years 
 Computer equipment to years 
 Furniture and fixtures to years 
 Leasehold improvements The lesser of the asset life or expected lease term including lease extension options. 
 
 The Company follows the practice of charging routine maintenance and repairs, including the cost of minor replacements, to maintenance expense. Costs of major replacements are capitalized and depreciated. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

44 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

reporting unit and compares the carrying value of its reporting unit to its fair value. If the carrying value of the reporting unit is greater than its fair value, the Company recognizes an impairment charge for the amount equal to that excess. 
 
 The Company may first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

years. These assets are primarily amortized using the straight-line method, however, certain assets may be amortized using an accelerated method that reflects the economic benefit to the Company. Long-lived assets, including intangible assets with finite lives, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. Determination of recoverability is based on an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows resulting from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. Measurement of an impairment loss for long-lived assets that management expects to hold and use is based on the estimated fair value of the asset. 
 
 Long-lived assets, or disposal groups comprising assets and liabilities, that are expected to be recovered primarily through sale rather than through continuing use are classified as assets held for sale. Upon designation as an asset held for sale, the carrying value of each long-lived asset or disposal group is recorded at the lower of its carrying value or its estimated fair value, less estimated costs to sell, and depreciation expense is no longer recorded. 
 
 See Note 3, "Revenue Recognition" for further discussion of the Company's revenue accounting. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 3 
 
 , and of total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 The Company s rental transactions are accounted for under Topic 842. The Company s sale of rental and new equipment, parts and supplies along with certain services provided to customers are accounted for under Topic 606. The Company recognizes revenue when it satisfies a performance obligation by transferring control over a product or service to a customer. The amount of revenue recognized reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for such products or services. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Other rental revenue: Delivery and pick-up Other Total other rental revenues Total equipment rentals Sales of rental equipment Sales of new equipment, parts and supplies Service and other revenues Total revenues 
 
 Topic 842 revenues 
 Equipment Rental Revenue 
 The Company offers a broad portfolio of equipment for rent on a hourly, daily, weekly or monthly basis, with substantially all rental agreements cancellable upon the return of the equipment. Virtually all customer contracts can be canceled by the customer with no penalty by returning the equipment within ; therefore, the Company does not allocate the transaction price between the different contract elements. 
 Equipment rental revenue includes revenue generated from renting equipment to customers and is recognized on a straight-line basis over the length of the rental contract. As part of this straight-line methodology, when the equipment is returned, the Company recognizes as incremental revenue the excess, if any, between the amount the customer is contractually required to pay, which is based on the rental contract period applicable to the actual number of days the equipment was out on rent, over the cumulative amount of revenue recognized to date. In any given accounting period, the Company will have customers return equipment and be contractually required to pay more than the cumulative amount of revenue recognized to date under the straight-line methodology. Also included in equipment rental revenue is re-rent revenue in which the Company will rent specific pieces of equipment from vendors and then re-rent that equipment to its customers. Provisions for discounts, rebates to customers and other adjustments are provided for in the period the related revenue is recorded. 
 Other 
 Other equipment rental revenue is primarily comprised of fees for the Company s rental protection program and environmental charges. Fees paid for the rental protection program allow customers to limit the risk of financial loss in the event the Company s equipment is damaged or lost. Fees for the rental protection program and environmental recovery fees are recognized on a straight-line basis over the length of the rental contract. 
 Topic 606 revenues 
 Delivery and pick-up 
 Delivery and pick-up revenue associated with renting equipment is recognized when the services are performed. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Sales of new equipment Sales of parts and supplies Total 
 The Company recognizes revenue from the sale of rental equipment, new equipment, parts and supplies when control of the asset transfers to the customer, which is typically when the asset is picked up by or delivered to the customer and when significant risks and rewards of ownership have passed to the customer. Sales and other tax amounts collected from customers and remitted to government authorities are accounted for on a net basis and, therefore, excluded from revenue. 
 The Company routinely sells its used rental equipment in order to manage repair and maintenance costs, as well as the composition, age and size of its fleet. The Company disposes of used equipment through a variety of channels including retail sales to customers and other third parties, sales to wholesalers, brokered sales and auctions. 
 
 The Company also sells new equipment, parts and supplies. The types of new equipment that the Company sells vary by location and include a variety of ProContractor tools and supplies, small equipment (such as work lighting, generators, pumps, compaction equipment and power trowels), safety supplies and expendables. 
 Under Topic 606, the accounts receivable balance, prior to allowances for doubtful accounts, for the sale of rental equipment, new equipment, parts and supplies, was approximately million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Service and other revenues 
 Service and other revenues primarily include revenue earned from equipment management and similar services for rental customers which includes providing customer support functions such as dedicated in-plant operations, plant management services, equipment and safety training, and repair and maintenance services particularly to industrial customers who request such services. 
 The Company recognizes revenue for service and other revenues as the services are provided. Service and other revenues are typically invoiced together with a customer s rental amounts and, therefore, it is not practical for the Company to separate the accounts receivable amount related to services and other revenues that are accounted for under Topic 606; however, such amount is not considered material. 
 Receivables and contract assets and liabilities 
 
 Most of the Company's equipment rental revenue is accounted for under Topic 842. The customers that are responsible for the remaining equipment rental revenue that is accounted for under Topic 606 are generally the same customers that rent the Company's equipment. Concentration of credit risk with respect to the Company's accounts receivable is limited because a large number of geographically diverse customers makes up its customer base. No single customer makes up more than of the Company's equipment rental revenue or more than of its accounts receivable balance for the last three years. The Company manages credit risk associated with its accounts receivable at the customer level through credit approvals, credit limits and other monitoring procedures. The Company maintains allowances for doubtful accounts that reflect the Company's estimate of the amount of receivables that the Company will be unable to collect based on its historical write-off experience. 
 
 The Company does not have material contract assets or contract liabilities associated with customer contracts. The Company's contracts with customers do not generally result in material amounts billed to customers in excess of recognizable revenue. The Company did not recognize material revenue during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020 that was included in the contract liability balance as of the beginning of each period. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 4 
 
 Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Rental equipment, net 

Note 5 
 
 Service vehicles Leasehold improvements Machinery and equipment Computer equipment and software Furniture and fixtures Construction in progress Property and equipment, gross Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively, and is included in "Non-rental depreciation and amortization" in the Company's consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Furniture and fixtures Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) 
 
 The Company has entered into financing obligations to lease certain of its properties as discussed further in Note 12, "Financing Obligations." Depreciation of assets held under financing obligations is included in depreciation expense. The gross amounts of land, building and leasehold improvements and related depreciation recorded under financing obligations, included in the table above, were as follows (in millions): 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Land, building and leasehold improvements Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) 

Note 6 
 employees and locations serving industrial and construction customers with core operations in the metropolitan areas of Detroit and Grand Rapids, Michigan; Cleveland, Ohio; and Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The aggregate consideration was approximately million. The acquisition and related fees and expenses were funded through available cash and drawings on the senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility. 
 Other current assets Rental equipment Property and equipment Intangibles (a) 
 Total identifiable assets acquired Current liabilities Long term liabilities Net identifiable assets acquired Goodwill (b) 
 Net assets acquired 
 (a) The following table reflects the fair values and useful lives of the acquired intangible assets identified (in millions): 
 Cloverdale Life (years) Customer relationships Non-compete agreements 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

The assets and liabilities for Cloverdale were recorded as of April 19, 2022 and the results of operations have been included in the Company's consolidated results of operations since that date. Total revenue and income before taxes for Cloverdale included in the consolidated statement of operations since the acquisition date are million and million, respectively. 
 
 In addition to the acquisition of Cloverdale, the Company completed the acquisitions of companies totaling locations including Southern Equipment Rental, Harris Diversified, LLC, Kilowatt Boy, Inc., All Trade Rentals, Inc., Absolute Rental Supply, Inc., Single Source Rentals Ltd., Kropp Equipment, Inc., Colvin's Inc., All Star Rents, High River Rentals, Inc., Longhorn Car-Truck Rental, Inc., Avalanche Equipment, LLC, Portable Air II, LLC, Golf Tournaments, Inc., Shore-Tek, Inc., Power Rents, LLC and Prime Construction Rentals. 
 
 2021 Business Combinations 
 
 On August 30, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of substantially all of the assets of Contractors Building Supply Co. LLC ("CBS"). CBS was a full-service general equipment rental company comprising approximately employees and locations serving construction and industrial customers throughout Texas, as well as a location in New Mexico and Tennessee. The acquisition expanded the Company's presence in Texas to physical locations, which collectively provide general and specialty equipment rental solutions and related services. The aggregate consideration was approximately million. The acquisition and related fees and expenses were funded through available cash and drawings on the senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility. 
 
 On November 15, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of substantially all of the assets of Rapid Equipment Rental Limited ("Rapid"). Rapid was a full-service general equipment rental company comprising approximately employees and locations serving construction and industrial customers throughout the Greater Toronto Area. The aggregate consideration was approximately million. The acquisition and related fees and expenses were funded through available cash and drawings on the senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility. 
 
 There have been no material adjustments to the purchase price allocations of CBS or Rapid during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Throughout 2021, the Company also completed the acquisitions of additional companies, totaling locations, which included San Mateo Rentals and Jim N I Rentals, Inc., Dwight Crane Ltd. along with its U.S. based affiliate, LRX LLC, Reliable Equipment, LLC, SkyKing Lift, Inc. Atlantic Aerial Inc., Central Valley Shoring, Inc., Priority Rental LLC and Temp Power, Inc. 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Historic/combined pretax income (loss) ) Pro forma adjustments to consolidated pretax income (loss): Impact of fair value adjustments/useful life changes on depreciation (a) 
 ) Intangible asset amortization (b) 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Interest expense (c) 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Elimination of historic interest (d) 
 Elimination of merger related costs (e) 
 Pro forma pretax income 
 (a) Depreciation of rental equipment was adjusted for the fair value at acquisition and changes in useful lives of equipment acquired. 
 (b) Intangible asset amortization was adjusted to include amortization of the acquired intangible assets. 
 (c) As discussed above, the Company funded the Cloverdale, CBS, and Rapid acquisitions primarily using drawings on its senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility. Interest expense was adjusted to reflect interest on such borrowings. 
 (d) Historic interest on debt that is not part of the combined entity was eliminated. 
 (e) Merger related direct costs primarily comprised of financial and legal advisory fees associated with the Cloverdale, CBS, and Rapid acquisitions were eliminated as they were assumed to have been recognized prior to the pro forma acquisition date. 

Note 7 
 
 impairment existed for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Accumulated impairment losses ) ) Additions Currency translation ) ) Balance at the end of the period: Goodwill Accumulated impairment losses ) ) 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

impairment existed for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 ) Internally developed software (a) 
 ) Total ) Indefinite-lived intangible assets: Trade name Total intangible assets, net ) 
 (a) Includes capitalized costs of million yet to be placed into service. 
 December 31, 2021 Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Value Finite-lived intangible assets: Customer-related and non-compete agreements ) Internally developed software (a) 
 ) Total ) Indefinite-lived intangible assets: Trade name Total intangible assets, net ) 
 million yet to be placed into service. 
 
 For all intangible assets acquired during the year ended December 31, 2022, customer relationships have a weighted-average useful life of years and non-compete agreements and other have a weighted-average useful life of years. 
 
 million, million and million, respectively. Based on the amortizable assets in-service as of December 31, 2022, the Company expects amortization expense to be approximately million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026, million in 2027, and million thereafter. 

Note 8 
 
 million of certain rental equipment and million for an ROU asset of leased locations that were closed. 
 
 During 2021, the Company recorded impairment charges of million of certain rental equipment and million related to an ROU asset for a leased location that was closed. 
 
 During 2020, the Company recorded impairment charges of (i) million on a long-term receivable related to a previous joint venture sale, the remaining balance of million is included in "Other current assets" in the consolidated balance sheets, (ii) million of certain rental equipment, (iii) million for ROU assets of leased locations that were closed, (iv) million in connection with assets classified as held for sale and (v) million for a financial reporting and consolidation system that was replaced. 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 9 
 
 years, some of which include options to extend the leases for up to years. The Company determines the lease term used to record each lease by including the initial lease term and, in the case where there are options to extend, will include the option to extend if it has determined that it reasonably certain that the Company would exercise those options. 
 
 The Company also leases certain equipment that it rents to its customers where the payments vary based upon the amount of time the equipment is on rent. There are no fixed payments on these leases and, therefore, no lease liability or ROU assets have been recorded. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet. Lease expense for these leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

Finance lease cost: Amortization of ROU assets Depreciation and amortization Interest on lease liabilities Interest expense, net Sublease income Equipment rental revenue ) ) Net lease cost million and million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and variable lease costs of million and million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 Finance lease ROU assets Property and equipment, net (a) 
 Total leased assets Liabilities Current Operating Current maturities of operating lease liabilities Finance Current maturities of long-term debt and financing obligations Non-current Operating Operating lease liabilities Finance Long-term debt, net Total lease liabilities 
 (a) Finance lease right-of-use assets are recorded net of accumulated amortization of million and million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Finance leases Weighted average discount rate: Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases Finance leases 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Interest ) ) Present value of lease liabilities 

Note 10 
 
 Rebate accrual Taxes payable Accrued interest Customer related deferrals Acquisition holdbacks Insurance reserves Other Total accrued liabilities 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 11 
 
 Fixed 2027 Other Debt ABL Credit Facility N/A Floating 2027 AR Facility N/A Floating 2023 Finance lease liabilities N/A Fixed 2023-2030 Unamortized Debt Issuance Costs (a) 
 ) ) Total debt Less: Current maturities of long-term debt ) ) Long-term debt, net 
 (a) Unamortized debt issuance costs totaling million and million related to the ABL Credit Facility and AR Facility (as each is defined below) as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, are included in "Other long-term assets" in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 The effective interest rate for the fixed rate 2027 Notes (as defined below) includes the stated interest on the notes and the amortization of any debt issuance costs. 
 
 Maturities 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 After 2027 Total 
 
 The Company's liquidity needs arise from the funding of its costs of operations and capital expenditures, debt service on its indebtedness, payment of dividends and repurchases of its shares. The Company believes that cash generated from operations and cash received from the disposal of rental and other equipment, together with amounts available under its senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility (the "ABL Credit Facility") and AR Facility (as defined below) will be adequate to permit the Company to meet its obligations over the next 12 months. 
 
 Senior Notes 
 
 On July 9, 2019, the Company issued billion aggregate principal amount of its Senior Notes due 2027 (the 2027 Notes ). Interest on the 2027 Notes accrues at the rate of per annum and is payable semi-annually in arrears on January 15 and July 15. The 2027 Notes will mature on July 15, 2027. 
 
 Ranking; Guarantees 
 
 The 2027 Notes are the Company s senior unsecured obligations, ranking equally in right of payment with all of the Company s existing and future senior indebtedness, effectively junior to any of the Company s existing and future secured indebtedness, including the ABL Credit Facility, to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness, and senior in right of payment to any of the Company s existing and future subordinated indebtedness. The 2027 Notes will be guaranteed on a senior 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

of the principal amount of the 2027 Notes, (ii) on or after July 15, 2023 and prior to July 15, 2024, at a price equal to of the principal amount of the 2027 Notes, (iii) on or after July 15, 2024 and prior to July 15, 2025, at a price equal to of the principal amount of the 2027 Notes and (iv) on or after July 15, 2025, at a price equal to of the principal amount of the 2027 Notes, in each case, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the applicable redemption date. 
 
 Covenants 
 
 The indenture governing the 2027 Notes contains certain covenants applicable to the Company and its restricted subsidiaries, including limitations on liens, indebtedness, mergers, consolidations and acquisitions, sales, transfers and other dispositions of assets, loans and other investments, dividends and other distributions, stock repurchases and redemptions and other restricted payments, restrictions affecting subsidiaries, transactions with affiliates and designations of unrestricted subsidiaries. Upon the occurrence of certain events constituting a change of control triggering event, the Company is required to make an offer to repurchase all of the 2027 Notes (unless otherwise redeemed) at a purchase price equal to of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any to (but excluding) the repurchase date. If the Company sells assets under certain circumstances, it must use the proceeds to make an offer to purchase the 2027 Notes at a price equal to of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the repurchase date. 
 
 Events of Default 
 
 The indenture also provides for customary events of default, including the following (subject to any applicable cure period): nonpayment, breach of covenants in the indenture, payment defaults under or acceleration of certain other indebtedness, failure to discharge certain judgments and certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency and reorganization. If an event of default occurs or is continuing, the trustee or the holders of at least in aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Notes then outstanding may declare the principal of, premium, if any, and accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to be due and payable immediately. 
 
 ABL Credit Facility 
 
 On July 31, 2019, Herc Holdings, Herc and certain other subsidiaries of Herc Holdings entered into a credit agreement with respect to a senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility, which was amended and extended on July 5, 2022. As a result of the amendment, the aggregate amount of the revolving credit commitments was increased from billion to billion (subject to availability under a borrowing base). Up to million of the revolving loan facility is available for the issuance of letters of credit, subject to certain conditions including issuing lender participation. Subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions and limitations, the ABL Credit Facility allows for the addition of incremental revolving commitments and/or incremental term loans. 
 
 The ABL Credit Facility was also amended to include a provision that the Company, in consultation with a Sustainability Coordinator, may establish key performance indicators KPIs with respect to certain environmental, social and governance targets of the Company and its subsidiaries, which if mutually agreed, may be incorporated into the ABL Credit Facility through an amendment (an ESG Amendment ). Upon the effectiveness of an ESG Amendment, the commitment fee and the spreads applicable to revolving loans may be increased or decreased within certain limits based on performance against the KPIs. 
 
 Maturity 
 
 The ABL Credit Facility matures on July 5, 2027. 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

and a SOFR adjustment of per annum or (ii) a base rate plus an initial margin of , in each case, where margin is adjusted under the ABL Credit Facility based on the quarterly average excess availability under the ABL Credit Facility. 
 
 Covenants 
 
 The ABL Credit Facility contains a number of covenants that, among other things, limit or restrict the ability of the borrowers and their subsidiaries to incur additional indebtedness, prepay other indebtedness, make dividends and other restricted payments, create or incur liens, make acquisitions and other investments, engage in mergers, consolidations or sales of assets, engage in certain transactions with affiliates, and enter into certain restrictive agreements limiting the ability to create or incur liens. In addition, under the ABL Credit Facility, upon excess availability falling below certain levels, the borrowers will be required to comply with a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of no less than :1.00. As of December 31, 2022, the appropriate levels of liquidity have been maintained, therefore this financial maintenance covenant is not applicable. 
 
 Events of Default 
 
 The ABL Credit Facility provides that the occurrence of any of the following events will constitute an event of default: payment default, breach of representation or warranty, covenant breach, cross default to other material indebtedness, certain bankruptcy events, dissolution, invalidity of the credit agreement or any intercreditor agreement (if any), judgment in excess of a certain monetary threshold, any security or guarantee documents cease to be in effect, an ERISA event, pension event or a change of control. Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an event of default, the agent may exercise remedies on behalf of the lenders, including accelerating the repayment of outstanding loans under the ABL Credit Facility. 
 
 Accounts Receivable Securitization Facility 
 In September 2018, the Company entered into an accounts receivable securitization facility (the "AR Facility"). The AR Facility was amended in August 2022 to extend the maturity date to August 31, 2023 and increase the aggregate commitments from million to million and replace LIBOR as a benchmark rate with Term SOFR. In November 2022, the Company further increased the aggregate commitments to million. In connection with the AR Facility, Herc and one of its wholly-owned subsidiaries sell their accounts receivables on an ongoing basis to Herc Receivables U.S. LLC, a wholly-owned special-purpose entity (the "SPE"). The SPE's sole business consists of the purchase by the SPE of accounts receivable from Herc and the Herc subsidiary seller and borrowing by the SPE against the eligible accounts receivable from the lenders under the facility. The borrowings are secured by liens on the accounts receivable and other assets of the SPE. Collections on the accounts receivable are used to service the borrowings. The SPE is a separate legal entity that is consolidated in the Company's financial statements. The SPE assets are owned by the SPE and are not available to settle the obligations of the Company or any of its other subsidiaries. Herc is the servicer of the accounts receivable under the AR Facility. All of the obligations of the Herc subsidiary seller and the servicer and certain indemnification obligations of the SPE under the agreements governing the AR Facility are guaranteed by Herc pursuant to a performance guarantee. The AR Facility is excluded from current maturities of long-term debt as the Company has the intent and ability to consummate refinancing and extend the term of the agreement. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

AR Facility Total 
 
 Letters of Credit 
 
 million of standby letters of credit were issued and outstanding, none of which have been drawn upon. The ABL Credit Facility had million available under the letter of credit facility sublimit, subject to borrowing base restrictions. 

Note 12 
 
 of its properties located in the U.S. for gross proceeds of approximately million, and during the fourth quarter of 2018, entered into sale-leaseback transactions with respect to additional properties for gross proceeds of million. The sale of the properties did not qualify for sale-leaseback accounting due to continuing involvement with the properties. Therefore, the book value of the buildings and land remains on the Company's consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 During March 2019, Herc entered into a sale-leaseback transaction for certain service vehicles that did not qualify for sale-leaseback accounting, therefore the book value of the vehicles remains on the Company's consolidated balance sheet. Gross proceeds from the sale-leaseback transaction were million. 
 
 2026-2038 Unamortized financing issuance costs 
 ) ) Total financing obligations Less: Current maturities of financing obligations ) ) Financing obligations, net 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total minimum financing obligations payments Obligations subject to non-cash gain on future sale of property Less amount representing interest (at a weighted-average interest rate of 
 ) Total financing obligations 

Note 13 
 
 million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Defined Benefit Pension and Postretirement Plans 
 
 The Company sponsors the Herc Holdings Retirement Plan (the "Plan"), a U.S. qualified pension plan. The Plan has been frozen to new participants since it was established in July 2016. 
 
 Postretirement benefits, other than pensions, provide healthcare benefits, and in some instances, life insurance benefits for certain eligible retired employees in the U.S. 
 
 The Company reflects the funded status of defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans as an asset or liability. This amount is defined as the difference between the fair value of plan assets and the benefit obligation. The Company is required to recognize as a component of other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, the actuarial gains/losses and prior service credits that arise but were not previously required to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost. Other comprehensive income (loss) is adjusted as these amounts are later recognized in the statement of operations as components of net periodic benefit cost. 
 
 The Company s policy for funded plans is to contribute, at a minimum, amounts required by applicable laws, regulations and union agreements. The Plan represents approximately of the Company's defined benefit plan obligations and of its plan assets. The Company did make a contribution in 2022 or 2021, however, made cash contributions to the Plan of million in 2020. The level of future contributions will vary and is dependent on a number of factors including investment returns, interest rate fluctuations, plan demographics, funding regulations and the results of the final actuarial valuation. 
 
 Additionally, pursuant to various collective bargaining agreements, certain union-represented employees participate in multiemployer pension plans. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Interest cost Plan settlements ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Actuarial gain ) ) ) ) Benefit obligations at end of year Change in Fair Value of Plan Assets Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) Plan settlements ) ) Benefits paid ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded Status ) ) ) ) Accumulated benefit obligations ) ) ) Other long-term liabilities ) ) ) ) Net amount recognized ) ) ) ) Amounts Recognized in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Net actuarial gain (loss) ) ) Prior service credits ) Net amount recognized ) ) Weighted Average Assumptions Used to Determine Projected Benefit Obligations Discount rate Average rate of increase in compensation Interest credit rate Initial healthcare cost trend rate N/A N/A Ultimate healthcare cost trend rate N/A N/A 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Accumulated benefit obligations Fair value of plan assets 
 
 Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Net amortization of actuarial net loss Settlement loss Net periodic pension cost (benefit) ) Weighted Average Assumptions Used to Determine Net Periodic Pension Cost (Benefit) Discount rate Expected return on assets Average rate of increase in compensation Interest credit rate 
 
 The net periodic postretirement cost was immaterial in 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 The discount rate reflects the rate the Company would have to pay to purchase high-quality investments that would provide cash sufficient to settle its current pension obligations. The discount rate is determined based on a range of factors, including the rates of return on high-quality, fixed-income corporate bonds and the related expected duration of the obligations. The discount rate for the Plan is based on the rate from the Mercer Pension Discount Curve-Above Mean Yield that is appropriate for the duration of the obligations. The discount rate used to measure the pension obligation at the end of the year is also used to measure pension cost in the following year. 
 
 The expected return on plan assets for the U.S. qualified plan is based on expected future investment returns considering the target investment mix of plan assets. It reflects the average rate of earnings expected on the funds invested, or to be invested, to provide for the benefits included in the projected benefit obligations. In determining the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, the Company considers the relative weighting of plan assets, the historical performance of total plan assets and individual asset classes and economic and other indicators of future performance. 
 
 There was no average rate of increase in compensation for 2022, 2021 or 2020 as there are no longer any employees in the Plan accruing benefits. 
 
 The ultimate healthcare cost trend rates for the postretirement benefit plans are expected to be reached in 2046. 
 
 Plan Assets 
 
 The Company has a long-term investment outlook for its Plan assets, which is consistent with the long-term nature of the Plan's respective liabilities. 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

equity and fixed income. The equity portion of the assets is actively managed in U.S. small/mid cap and international funds and an allocation to a passively managed U.S. large cap index fund. The fixed income portion of the assets is actively managed in long/intermediate duration government/credit funds and small allocations to an actively managed high yield fund, a bank loan fund, a preferred securities fund and an emerging market debt fund. A modest amount of cash is maintained to facilitate payment of benefits and plan expenses. 
 
 Short Term Investments Equity Securities: U.S. Large Cap U.S. Mid Cap U.S. Small Cap International Developed International Emerging Markets Fixed Income Securities: U.S. Treasuries Corporate Bonds Government Bonds Municipal Bonds Mortgage-Backed Securities Asset-Backed Securities Bank Loans Preferreds Other Total fair value of pension plan assets 
 
 Estimated Future Benefit Payments 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 14 
 
 , of which approximately remains available as of December 31, 2022 for future incentive awards. 
 
 Stock-based compensation awards are measured on their grant date using a fair value method and are recognized in the statement of operations over the requisite service period. The Company's stock-based compensation expense is included in Selling, general and administrative expense in the Company's consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Income tax benefit ) ) ) Total 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested restricted stock units ("RSUs") and performance stock units ("PSUs"). The total unrecognized compensation cost is expected to be recognized over the remaining years, on a weighted average basis, of the requisite service period that began on the grant dates. 
 Stock Options 
 All stock options granted had a per-share exercise price of not less than the fair market value of one share of common stock on the grant date. Stock options vest based on a minimum period of service or the occurrence of events (such as a change in control, as defined in the 2018 Omnibus Plan). No stock options are exercisable after from the grant date. 
 
 The Company s practice is to grant stock options at fair market value. Outstanding options vest over with terms of to years, assuming continued employment with certain exceptions. Vesting of the option awards is contingent upon meeting certain service conditions. The fair value of option grants is estimated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The fair value is then amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods of the awards, which is generally the vesting period. Use of a valuation model requires management to make certain assumptions with respect to selected model inputs. The risk-free interest rate is based on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues with a remaining term which approximates the expected life assumed at the date of grant. The compensation expense recognized for all stock-based awards is net of estimated forfeitures. Forfeitures were estimated based on an analysis of actual option forfeitures. There were stock options granted during 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited or expired Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 Expected to Vest at December 31, 2022 
 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

- 
 - 
 - 

Cash received from the exercise of stock options Tax benefit realized on exercise of stock options 
 
 Performance Stock Units 
 
 PSUs will vest based on the achievement of pre-determined performance goals over performance periods determined by the Company's Compensation Committee. Each of the units granted represent the right to receive share of the Company's common stock on a specified future date. Compensation expense for PSUs is based on the grant date fair value and is recognized ratably over the vesting period. In addition to the service vesting condition, the PSUs have an additional vesting condition which stipulates the number of units to be awarded being based on the achievement of certain performance measures over the applicable measurement period and can range from to of the target. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Performance change ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at December 31, 2022 

The weighted average per share grant-date fair values of PSUs granted during 2022, 2021 and 2020 were , and , respectively. The total fair value of PSUs that vested during 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 PSUs granted in 2022 and 2021 include vesting conditions based on the achievement of the Company's return on invested capital ("ROIC") and average rental adjusted EBITDA performance measured over a period starting from the year of grant. Almost all PSUs granted in 2020 include vesting conditions based on the achievement of the Company's ROIC performance measured over a period starting from the year of grant. 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

to . 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at December 31, 2022 

The weighted average per share grant date fair values of RSUs granted during 2022, 2021 and 2020 were , and , respectively. The total fair value of RSUs that vested during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 

Note 15 
 
 Foreign ) Income before income taxes 
 
 State and local Total current Deferred: Federal Foreign ) ) State and local ) ) Total deferred Total income tax provision 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Tax credit carryforwards Right-of-use assets Deferred interest Accrued expenses Net operating loss carryforwards Total deferred tax assets Less: valuation allowance ) ) Total net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Lease liabilities ) ) Prepaid expenses ) ) Depreciation on tangible assets ) ) Intangible assets ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liability ) ) 
 As of December 31, 2022, a deferred tax asset of million was recorded for unutilized federal net operating loss carryforwards ("NOL carryforwards"). The total federal NOL carryforwards are million and expire over various years beginning in 2029. State NOL carryforwards have generated a deferred tax asset of million and expire over various years beginning in 2023. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, deferred tax assets of million were recorded for federal and various state tax credit carryforwards and expire in various years beginning in 2034. As of December 31, 2022, deferred tax assets of million were recorded for foreign NOL carryforwards of million, all of which have an indefinite carryforward period. 
 
 In determining the valuation allowance, an assessment of positive and negative evidence was performed regarding realization of the net deferred tax assets in accordance with Topic 740. This assessment included the evaluation of scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, the availability of carryforwards and estimates of projected future taxable income. Based on the assessment, as of December 31, 2022, total valuation allowances of million were recorded against deferred tax assets. Although realization is not assured, the Company has concluded that it is more likely than not the remaining deferred tax assets of million will be realized and as such no valuation allowance has been provided on these assets. 
 
 Increases (decreases) resulting from: Foreign taxes ) State and local income taxes, net of federal income tax Federal and foreign permanent items ) Change in valuation allowance ) Tax credits ) ) All other items, net ) ) Income tax provision 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million. 
 
 The total cumulative amount of unrecognized tax benefits is million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The Company files one or more income tax returns in the U.S. and non-U.S. jurisdictions. In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to examination by taxing authorities and open tax years span from 2014 to 2021. The IRS completed its audit of the Company's 2007 to 2011 consolidated income tax returns, in which Herc was included, and had no changes to the previously filed tax returns. The Company is currently under audit for the 2014 through 2016 income tax years. Several U.S. state and non-U.S. jurisdictions are under audit. The Company does not expect any material assessments resulting from these audits. 

Note 16 ) ) Other comprehensive loss before reclassification ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss Net current period other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) ) ) 
 Pension and Other Post-Employment Benefits Foreign Currency Items Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Balance at December 31, 2020 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassification Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss Net current period other comprehensive income Balance at December 31, 2021 
 ) ) ) 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Selling, general and administrative Settlement loss Selling, general and administrative Total Tax provision ) ) ) Income tax provision Total reclassifications for the period Hedging Gain on settlement ) Interest expense, net Tax provision Income tax provision Total reclassifications for the period ) Reclassification of foreign currency items Other expense (income), net Total reclassifications for the period 

Note 17 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

), as set forth in that agreement. New Hertz is responsible for managing the settlement or other disposition of such shared liabilities. Pursuant to the tax matters agreement, the Company has agreed to indemnify New Hertz for any resulting taxes and related losses if the Company takes or fails to take any action (or permits any of its affiliates to take or fail to take any action) that causes the Spin-Off and related transactions to be taxable, or if there is an acquisition of the equity securities or assets of the Company or of any member of the Company s group that causes the Spin-Off and related transactions to be taxable. 

Note 18 

71 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

million in cash equivalents at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Debt Obligations 
 
 The fair values of the Company's ABL Credit Facility, AR Facility and finance lease liabilities approximated their book values as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Note 19 
 
 Denominator: Basic weighted average common shares Stock options, RSUs and PSUs Weighted average shares used to calculate diluted earnings per share Earnings per share: Basic Diluted Antidilutive stock options, RSUs and PSUs 

Note 20 

72 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

of the Company s outstanding voting securities. 
 
 Pursuant to the Icahn Agreements, the Company will not create a separate executive committee of the Board so as long as an Icahn Designee is a member of the Board. Under the Icahn Agreements, if the Icahn Group ceases to hold a net long position, as defined in the Nomination and Standstill Agreement, in at least shares of the Company s common stock, the Icahn Group will cause Icahn Designee to resign from the Board; if the Icahn Group s holdings are further reduced to specified levels, additional Icahn Designees are required to resign. 
 
 In addition, pursuant to the Icahn Agreements, the Company entered into a registration rights agreement, effective June 30, 2016 (the "Registration Rights Agreement"), with certain entities related to Carl C. Icahn on behalf of any person who is a member of the "Icahn group" (as such term is defined therein) who owns applicable securities at the relevant time and is or has become a party to the Registration Rights Agreement. The Registration Rights Agreement provides for customary demand and piggyback registration rights and obligations. 

Note 21 

73 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Note 22 

International Total revenue 
 
 Geographic information for long-lived assets, which consist primarily of rental equipment and property and equipment, was as follows (in millions): 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Total assets United States International Total Rental equipment, net United States International Total Property and equipment, net United States International Total 
 74 

Table of Contents 

) ) Year to date December 31, 2021 ) Year to date December 31, 2020 ) Tax valuation allowances: Year to date December 31, 2022 Year to date December 31, 2021 Year to date December 31, 2020 ) 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined under Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e), as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management has concluded that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which appears in Part II, Item 8 of this Report. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURES REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 The information regarding our executive officers is included in Part I under the caption "Executive Officers of the Registrant." 
 
 The other information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the information contained under the headings "Proposal 1. Election of Directors", "Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports" and "Corporate Governance" in our Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the applicable information in the Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 The following table summarizes the securities authorized for issuance pursuant to our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022: 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (1) 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (2) 
 Plan category (a) (b) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 657,651 44.12 1,425,506 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 657,651 1,425,506 
 (1) Represents the weighted average exercise price of 91,067 outstanding stock options as of December 31, 2022. The remaining securities under this plan as of December 31, 2022 are restricted stock units and performance stock units, which have no exercise price and have been excluded from the calculation of the weighted average exercise price above. 
 (2) All of the securities remaining available for future issuance are available under our 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 
 Other information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the applicable information in the Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the applicable information in the Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to the applicable information in the Proxy Statement. 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 
 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this Report 
 
 (1) Consolidated financial statements: 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 Herc Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Herc Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Herc Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Herc Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Herc Holdings Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 (2) Schedule to the financial statements 
 
 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 
 (3) Exhibits 
 Exhibit Number Description 2.1 Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated June 30, 2016, by and between Herc Holdings and Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Herc Holdings (File No. 001-33139), as filed on July 6, 2016). 
 3.1.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Herc Holdings (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. (File No. 001-33139), as filed on March 30, 2007). 
 3.1.2 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Herc Holdings, effective as of May 14, 2014 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. (File No. 001-33139), as filed on May 14, 2014). 
 3.1.3 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Herc Holdings, dated June 30, 2016 (reflecting the registrant s name change to Herc Holdings Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Herc Holdings (File No. 001-33139), as filed on July 6, 2016). 
 3.1.4 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Herc Holdings, dated June 30, 2016 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Herc Holdings (File No. 001-33139), as filed on July 6, 2016). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated By-Laws of Herc Holdings, effective February 8, 202 2 (Incorpora ted by reference to Exh ibit 3.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Herc Ho ldings (File No. 001- 33139), as filed on Feb ruary 10, 20 22). 
 4.1 Indenture (including the form of Notes), dated as of July 9, 2019, among Herc Holdings Inc., the guarantors party thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K for Herc Holdings, Inc. (File No. 001-33139), as filed on July 9, 2019). 
 4.2 Description of Securities of Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Herc Holdings (File No. 001-33139) as filed on February 27, 2020). 
 4.3 Nomination and Standstill Agreement, dated September 15, 2014, by and among the persons and entities listed on Schedule A thereto and Herc Holdings (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. (File No. 001-33139), as filed on September 16, 2014). 
 4.4 Confidentiality Agreement, dated September 15, 2014, by and among the persons and entities listed on Schedule A thereto and Herc Holdings (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. (File No. 001-33139), as filed on September 16, 2014). 
 4.5 Registration Rights Agreement, effective June 30, 2016, among Herc Holdings, High River Limited Partnership, Icahn Partners LP and Icahn Partners Master Fund LP, on behalf of certain other members of the Icahn group, together with those who may in the future become a party thereto under the terms thereof (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Herc Holdings (File No. 001-33139), as filed on August 9, 2016). 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 10.1 ABL Credit Agreement, dated as of July 31, 2019, among Herc Holdings Inc., Herc Rentals Inc., Matthews Equipment Limited, certain other subsidiaries of Herc Holdings Inc., Bank of America, N.A., as agent, swingline lender and letter of credit issuer, Bank of America, N.A., JPMorgan Chase Bank N.A., Capital One, National Association, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association Bank of Montreal, Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, ING Capital LLC, MUFG Union Bank, N.A. and TD Bank, N.A., and the other financial institutions party thereto from time to time (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Herc Holdings (File No. 001-33139), as filed on July 31, 2019). 
 10.1.1 Amendment No. 1 to ABL Credit Facility, dated July 5, 2022, by and among Bank of America, N.A., a national banking association, as agent, the financial institutions from time to time parties thereto, and Herc Holdings, Inc., Matthews Equipment Limited, and certain subsidiaries of Herc Holdings Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Herc Holdings (File No. 001-33139), as filed on July 8, 2022). 
 10.2 U.S. Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, dated July 31, 2019, made by Herc Holdings Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries from time to time made in favor of Bank of America, N.A., as agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Herc Holdings (File No. 001-33139), as filed on July 31, 2019). 
 10.3 Canadian Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, dated July 31, 2019, made by Herc Holdings Inc. and certain of its subsidiaries from time to time made in favor of Bank of America, N.A., as agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Herc Holdings (File No. 001-33139), as filed on July 31, 2019). 
 10.4 Transition Services Agreement, dated June 30, 2016, by and between Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. and Herc Holdings Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Herc Holdings (File No. 001-33139), as filed on July 6, 2016). 
 10.5 Tax Matters Agreement, dated June 30, 2016, among Herc Holdings Inc., The Hertz Corporation, Herc Rentals Inc. and Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Herc Holdings (File No. 001-33139), as filed on July 6, 2016). 
 10.6 Employee Matters Agreement, dated June 30, 2016, by and between Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. and Herc Holdings Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Herc Holdings (File No. 001-33139), as filed on July 6, 2016). 
 10.7 Intellectual Property Agreement, dated June 30, 2016, among The Hertz Corporation, Hertz System, Inc. and Herc Rentals Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Herc Holdings (File No. 001-33139), as filed on July 6, 2016). 
 10.8 t 
 Form of Change in Control Severance Agreement for Executive Officers and Certain Key Employees (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Herc Holdings (File No. 001-33139), as filed on December 3, 2020. 
 10.9 Receivables Financing Agreement, dated as of September 17, 2018, among Herc Receivables U.S. LLC, Herc Rentals Inc., the Lenders and Managing Agents from time to time party thereto and Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as Administrative Agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Herc Holdings (File No. 001-33139) as filed on September 21, 2018). 
 10.9.1 Amendment No. 1 to Receivables Financing Agreement among Herc Receivables U.S. LLC, the Additional Canadian Borrower to the Extent Added As A Party Thereto, Herc Rentals, Inc., the Lenders and Managing Agents from time to time party thereto, and Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as Administrative Agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Herc Holdings (File No. 001-33139) as filed on September 1, 2020). 
 10.9.2 Amendment No. 2 to Receivables Financing Agreement among Herc Receivables U.S. LLC, the Additional Canadian Borrower to the Extent Added As A Party Thereto, Herc Rentals, Inc., the Lenders and Managing Agents from time to time party thereto, and Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as Administrative Agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Herc Holdings (File No. 001-33139) as filed on August 31, 2021). 
 10.9.3 Amendment No. 3 to Receivables Financing Agreement, dated as of August 26, 2022, among Herc Receivables U.S. LLC, and The Additional Canadian Borrower To The Extent Added As A Party Thereto, as co-borrowers, Herc Rentals, Inc., individually and as initial servicer and as performance guarantor, the Lenders and Managing Agents, from time to time party thereto, and Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, as Administrative Agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Herc Holdings (File No. 001-33139) as filed on August 31, 2022). 
 10.10 Purchase and Contribution Agreement, dated as of September 17, 2018, among Herc Rentals Inc., as a Seller and Collection Agent, Cinelease, Inc. as a Seller, and Herc Receivables U.S. LLC, as Purchaser. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Herc Holdings (File No. 001-33139) as filed on September 21, 2018). 
 10.11.1 t 
 Offer Letter, dated as of May 18, 2015, by and between Herc Holdings and Lawrence H. Silber (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. (File No. 001-33139), as filed on May 25, 2016). 
 10.11.2 t 
 Offer Letter, dated as of August 13, 2014, by and between Herc Holdings and Christian J. Cunningham (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. (File No. 001-33139), as filed on May 25, 2016). 
 10.11.3 t 
 Offer Letter, dated as of June 5, 2018, by and between Herc Holdings and Mark Irion. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Herc Holdings Inc. (File No. 001-33139), as filed on August 8, 2018). 
 10.11.4 t 
 Offer Letter, dated August 18, 2017, by and between Herc Holdings and Tamir Peres (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarter Report on Form 10-Q of Herc Holdings Inc. (File No. 001-33139), as filed on August 1, 2019). 
 10.11.5 t 
 Offer Letter, dated December 23, 2019, by and between Herc Holdings and Aaron Birnbaum. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11.5 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Herc Holdings (File No. 001-33139) as filed on February 18, 2021). 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 10.12.1 Amended and Restated Herc Holdings Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan, effective May 17, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Annex B to the Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A of Herc Holdings Inc. (File No. 001-33139), as filed on April 2, 2018). 
 10.12.2 Herc Holdings Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan International Sub-plan (as amended and restated, effective January 1, 2017). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Herc Holdings Inc. (File No. 001-33139), as filed on March 15, 2017). 
 10.13 t 
 Herc Holdings 2008 Omnibus Incentive Plan (as amended and restated, effective June 30, 2016). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Herc Holdings Inc. (File No. 001-33139), as filed on March 15, 2017). 
 10.14.1 t 
 Herc Holdings Inc. 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan, effective May 17, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A of Herc Holdings Inc. (File No. 001-33139), as filed on April 2, 2018.) 
 10.14.2 First Amendment to the Herc Holdings Inc. 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan, effective December 3, 2020. (Incorporat ed by reference to Exh ibit 10.14.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Herc Ho ldings Inc. (File No. 001-33139) , as filed on February 18, 2021.) 
 10.14.3 t 
 Form of Executive Officer Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. 
 10.14.4 t 
 Form of Executive Officer Performance Stock Unit Agreement. (Incorpora ted by reference to E xhibit 10.14.4 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Herc Holdi ngs Inc. File No. 001-331 39 ), as filed on February 10, 2022.) 
 10.14.5 t 
 Form of Director Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14.5 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Herc Holdings (File No. 001-33139 ), as filed on February 18, 2021). 
 10.15 t 
 Herc Holdings Inc. Supplemental Income Savings Plan, effective as of June 30, 2016. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Herc Holdings (File No. 001-33139) as filed on February 27, 2020). 
 
 10.16 t 
 Herc Holdings Inc. Senior Executive Bonus Plan (as amended and restated, effective June 30, 2016). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Herc Holdings Inc. (File No. 001-33139), as filed on March 15, 2017). 
 10.19 Form of Director Indemnification Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.51 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Hertz Global Holdings, Inc. (File No. 001-33139), as filed on August 6, 2010). 
 14.1 Herc Holdings Inc. Code of Conduct (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Herc Holdings (File No. 001-33139), as filed on October 18, 2016.) 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of Herc Holdings Inc. 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 Filed herewith 
 Furnished herewith 
 Omitted schedules will be furnished supplementally to the SEC upon request. 
 t Indicates management contracts and compensatory agreements. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 HERC HOLDINGS INC. (Registrant) By: /s/ MARK IRION Name: Mark Irion Title: Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Date: February 14, 2023 (On behalf of the Registrant) 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated as of February 14, 2023: 
 Signature Title /s/ LAWRENCE H. SILBER President and Chief Executive Officer, Director Lawrence H. Silber (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ MARK IRION Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Mark Irion (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ MARK HUMPHREY Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer Mark Humphrey (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ PATRICK D. CAMPBELL Non-Executive Chairman of the Board Patrick D. Campbell /s/ JAMES H. BROWNING Director James H. Browning /s/ SHARI L. BURGESS Director Shari L. Burgess /s/ HUNTER C. GARY Director Hunter C. Gary /s/ JEAN K. HOLLEY Director Jean K. Holley /s/ MICHAEL A. KELLY Director Michael A. Kelly /s/ STEVEN D. MILLER Director Steven D. Miller /s/ RAKESH SACHDEV Director Rakesh Sachdev /s/ ANDREW J. TENO Director Andrew J. Teno 
 81 

<EX-10.14 3>
 2
 exhibit10143executive-rsua.htm
 EX-10.14 3

Document 

HERC HOLDINGS INC. 
 EXECUTIVE OFFICER RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT 
 
 Grant Date 
 Participant 
 Number of Restricted Stock Units Granted 
 
 THIS EXECUTIVE OFFICER RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT (the Agreement is entered into effective as of the date set forth above (the Grant Date by and between Herc Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and the participant identified above (the Participant ), pursuant to the Company s 2018 Omnibus Incentive Plan (as amended from time to time, the Plan ). The electronic acceptance of this Agreement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 1. Grant and Acceptance of Restricted Stock Units . The Company hereby evidences and confirms its grant to the Participant, effective as of the Grant Date, of the number of restricted stock units (the Restricted Stock Units set forth above and which shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement. The Participant must accept this Award within ninety (90) days after notification that the Award is available for acceptance and in accordance with the instructions provided by the Company. The Award may be rescinded upon the action of the Company, in its sole discretion, if the Award is not accepted within ninety (90) days after notification is sent to the Participant indicating availability for acceptance. 
 
 This Agreement is subordinate to, and the terms and conditions of the Restricted Stock Units granted hereunder are subject to, the terms and conditions of the Plan, which are incorporated by reference herein. If there is any inconsistency between the terms hereof and the terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall govern. Any capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings set forth in the Plan. 
 
 2. Vesting of Restricted Stock Units Dividend Equivalents 
 (a) Generally . Except as otherwise provided in this Section 2, the Restricted Stock Units shall become vested on insert vesting schedule (the Vesting Date ), subject to the continued employment of the Participant by the Company or any Subsidiary thereof through the applicable Vesting Date. Such Restricted Stock Units shall be settled as provided in Section 3. 
 
 (b) Termination of Employment. 
 (i) Death or Disability . If the Participant s employment is terminated due to death or Disability prior to any Vesting Date, all outstanding Restricted Stock Units shall become immediately vested upon such termination, to the extent not vested previously. Such Restricted Stock Units shall be settled as provided in Section 3. 
 
 (ii) Involuntary Termination by the Company, not for Cause. If the Participant s employment is terminated prior to the third anniversary of the Grant Date, and prior to the later of (A) six (6) months after the Grant Date and (B) the date of Participant s Retirement, due to involuntary termination by the Company, not for Cause, the Restricted Stock Units shall become vested with respect to an additional one-third of the number of 

Restricted Stock Units granted multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the number of full completed months elapsed since either (A) the Grant Date, or (B) if the first anniversary of the Grant Date has occurred, then the Vesting Date immediately preceding such termination, and the denominator of which is 12. Such Restricted Stock Units shall be settled as provided in Section 3, subject to Section 7(g). Any Restricted Stock Units that remain unvested after giving effect to the preceding sentences shall immediately be forfeited and canceled effective as of the date of the Participant s termination. 
 
 (iii) Retirement . If the Participant s employment is terminated (A) at least six (6) months after the Grant Date and (B) prior to the third anniversary of the Grant Date due to Retirement, the Restricted Stock Units shall continue to vest according to the schedule set forth in Section 2(a), notwithstanding the termination of the Participant s employment due to Retirement. Such Restricted Stock Units shall be settled as provided in Section 3 or, if earlier, as provided in Section 2(c)(i) below. For purposes of this Agreement, Retirement means Participant s termination of employment after attainment of (i) age 65, or (ii) a minimum age of 55 with that number of full years of continuous employment that, when added to the Participant s actual age, equals 65 or more. If the Participant s employment is terminated due to an involuntary termination by the Company, not for Cause, (A) at least six (6) months after the Grant Date and (B) on or after the date the Participant qualifies for Retirement, the Participant s employment will be deemed to be on account of Retirement. 
 
 (iv) Any Other Reason . If the Participant s employment terminates (whether by the Participant or by the Company or a Subsidiary) for any reason prior to a Vesting Date, other than subject to Section 2(b)(i), Section 2(b)(ii), Section 2(b)(iii) and Section 2(c), any outstanding Restricted Stock Units that are not vested prior to or upon termination of employment, and will not become vested after Retirement, shall immediately be forfeited and canceled effective as of the date of the Participant s termination. 
 
 (c) Change in Control . 
 (i) Except to the extent that the Participant holds an Alternative Award following a Change in Control prior to the third anniversary of the Grant Date in accordance with Section 2(c)(ii) of this Agreement and Section 9.2 of the Plan, any outstanding Restricted Stock Units shall become fully vested immediately prior to such Change in Control, to the extent not vested previously, and the Restricted Stock Units shall be settled as set forth in Section 3, subject to the continued employment of the Participant by the Company or any Subsidiary thereof until the date of the Change in Control or the termination of the Participant s employment due to Retirement (A) at least six (6) months after the Grant Date and (B) prior to the third anniversary of the Grant Date. 
 
 (ii) Notwithstanding Section 2(c)(i), no cancellation, termination, vesting or settlement or other payment shall occur with respect to the Restricted Stock Units if the Committee (as constituted immediately prior to the Change in Control) reasonably determines, in good faith, prior to the Change in Control that the Restricted Stock Units shall be honored or assumed or new rights substituted therefor by an Alternative Award, in accordance with the terms of Section 9.2 of the Plan, including the additional requirement therein that the Restricted Stock Units shall become fully vested if the 
 2 

Participant s employment is terminated involuntarily by the Company or its successor without Cause within two years following the Change in Control. 
 
 (d) Committee Discretion . Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, and subject to Section 7(g) of this Agreement and Section 11.7 of the Plan, the Committee, in its sole discretion, may accelerate the vesting with respect to any Restricted Stock Units under this Agreement, at such times and upon such terms and conditions as the Committee shall determine. 
 
 (e) Dividend Equivalents . Participant shall be entitled to receive an amount equal to any cash dividend paid by the Company upon one share of Common Stock for each Restricted Stock Unit held by Participant for any such dividend whose record date falls in the period commencing on the Grant Date and ending immediately prior to the issuance of the underlying shares of Common Stock Dividend Equivalent ), provided that, (i) Participant shall have no right to receive the Dividend Equivalents unless and until the associated Restricted Stock Units vest, (ii) Dividend Equivalents shall not accrue interest and (iii) Dividend Equivalents shall be accumulated and paid in cash at the same time that the associated Restricted Stock Units are settled. 
 
 3. Settlement . Subject to the following sentence, within 30 days after any Restricted Stock Units become vested, the Company shall issue to the Participant one share of Common Stock underlying each such vested Restricted Stock Unit. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if Restricted Stock Units held by a Participant who could become Retirement-eligible prior to the third anniversary of the Grant Date become vested and or are to be settled as a result of a Change in Control and the Change in Control does not qualify as a change in the ownership or effective control of the Company or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, then the Restricted Stock Units shall become vested on the Change in Control as described above but the Company shall not settle such Restricted Stock Units until the earlier of (A) the Participant s termination of employment and (B) the originally scheduled Vesting Date of such Restricted Stock Units, to the extent required to comply with Section 409A of the Code. For the avoidance of doubt, the preceding two sentences are subject to Section 7(g) of this Agreement and Section 11.7 of the Plan. Upon issuance, such shares of Common Stock may be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise alienated or hypothecated in compliance with all applicable law, this Agreement and any other agreement to which such shares are subject. The Participant s settlement rights pursuant to this Agreement shall be no greater than the right of any unsecured general creditor of the Company. 
 
 4. Forfeiture . Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or this Agreement to the contrary, if, during the Covered Period, as defined in Section 4.6 of the Plan, the Participant engages in Wrongful Conduct, then any outstanding Restricted Stock Units for which the Restriction Period has not then lapsed (or for which settlement has not yet occurred) shall automatically terminate and be canceled effective as of the date on which the Participant first engaged in such Wrongful Conduct. If the Participant engages in Wrongful Conduct during the Covered Period or if the Participant s employment is terminated for Cause, the Participant shall pay to the Company in cash any Restriction-Based Financial Gain the Participant realized from the vesting of any Restricted Stock Units having a Vesting Date within the Wrongful Conduct Period. By entering into this Agreement, the Participant hereby consents to and authorizes the Company and the Subsidiaries to deduct from any amounts payable by such entities to the 
 3 

Participant any amounts the Participant owes to the Company under this Section 4 to the extent permitted by law. This right of set-off is in addition to any other remedies the Company may have against the Participant for the Participant s Wrongful Conduct. The Participant s obligations under this Section 4 shall be cumulative of any similar obligations the Participant has under the Plan, this Agreement, any Company policy, standard or code (including, without limitation, the Company s Code of Ethics or any successor code of ethics or conduct), or any other agreement with the Company or any Subsidiary. 
 
 5. Issuance of Shares . 
 (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Participant may not sell or transfer the shares of Common Stock acquired upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units except in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. 
 
 (b) The shares of Common Stock issued in settlement of the Restricted Stock Units shall be registered in the Participant s name, or, if applicable, in the names of the Participant s beneficiary, heirs or estate. Such shares shall be issued in uncertificated, book entry form. The book entry account shall bear such restrictive legends or restrictions as the Company, in its sole discretion, shall require. 
 
 (c) To the extent permitted by Section 409A of the Code, the grant of the Restricted Stock Units and issuance of shares of Common Stock upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to and in compliance with all applicable requirements of federal, state or foreign law with respect to such securities. No shares of Common Stock may be issued hereunder if the issuance of such shares would constitute a violation of any applicable federal, state or foreign securities laws or other law or regulations or the requirements of any stock exchange or market system upon which the Common Stock may then be listed. The inability of the Company to obtain from any regulatory body having jurisdiction the authority, if any, deemed by the Company s legal counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance of any shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units shall relieve the Company of any liability in respect of the failure to issue such shares as to which such requisite authority shall not have been obtained. To the extent permitted by Section 409A of the Code, as a condition to the settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the Company may require the Participant to satisfy any qualifications that may be necessary or appropriate, to evidence compliance with any applicable law or regulation and to make any representation or warranty with respect thereto as may be requested by the Company. 
 
 (d) The Company shall not be required to issue fractional shares of Common Stock upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units. All fractional shares of Common Stock shall be rounded to the nearest whole share. 
 
 (e) To the extent permitted by Section 409A of the Code, the Company may postpone the issuance and delivery of any shares of Common Stock provided for under this Agreement for so long as the Company determines to be necessary or advisable to satisfy the following (1) the completion or amendment of any registration of such shares or satisfaction of any exemption from registration under any securities law, rule, or regulation (2) compliance with any requests for representations and (3) receipt of proof satisfactory to the Company that a person seeking 
 4 

such shares on the Participant s behalf upon the Participant s Disability (if necessary), or upon the Participant s estate s behalf after the death of the Participant, is appropriately authorized. 
 
 6. Participant s Rights with Respect to the Restricted Stock Units . 
 (a) Restrictions on Transferability . The Restricted Stock Units granted hereby may not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned, or otherwise alienated or hypothecated other than with the consent of the Company or by will or by the laws of descent and distribution to a beneficiary designated in accordance with procedures established by the Company or to the estate of the Participant upon the Participant s death provided that any permitted transferee shall acknowledge and agree in writing, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Company, to be bound by the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan as if the Participant continued to hold the Restricted Stock Units (except that such permitted transferee may only transfer the Restricted Stock Units by will or by the laws of descent and distribution upon the transferee s death). Any attempt by the Participant, directly or indirectly, to offer, transfer, sell, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of any Restricted Stock Units or any interest therein or any rights relating thereto without complying with the provisions of the Plan and this Agreement, including this Section 6(a), shall be void and of no effect. The Company shall not be required to recognize on its books any action taken in contravention of these restrictions. 
 
 (b) No Rights as Stockholder . Except as set forth in Section 2(e) above, the Participant shall not have any rights as a stockholder of the Company with respect to any shares of Common Stock corresponding to the Restricted Stock Units granted hereby unless and until shares of Common Stock are issued to the Participant in respect thereof. 
 
 7. Miscellaneous . 
 (a) Binding Effect Benefits . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties to this Agreement and their respective successors and assigns. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended or shall be construed to give any person other than the parties to this Agreement or their respective successors or assigns any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or in respect of any agreement or any provision contained herein. 
 
 (b) Assignability . Neither this Agreement nor any right, remedy, obligation or liability arising hereunder or by reason hereof shall be assignable by the Company or the Participant without the prior written consent of the other party, and. for the avoidance of doubt, in the case of the Company, subject to Section 4.4 and Article IX of the Plan. 
 
 (c) No Right to Continued Employment . Nothing in the Plan or this Agreement shall interfere with or limit in any way the right of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to terminate the Participant s employment at any time, or confer upon the Participant any right to continue in the employ of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (regardless of whether such termination results in (i) the failure of any Award to vest (ii) the forfeiture of any unvested or vested portion of any Award and or (iii) any other adverse effect on the individual s interests under the Plan). This Agreement is not to be construed as a contract of employment between the Company and the Participant. Nothing in the Plan or this Agreement shall confer on the Participant the right to receive any future Awards under the Plan. 
 
 5 

(d) Notices . All notices and other communications required or permitted to be given under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given if delivered personally or sent by certified or express mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or by any recognized international equivalent of such delivery, to the Company or the Participant, as the case may be, at the following addresses or to such other address as the Company or the Participant, as the case may be, shall specify by notice to the other (provided, however, that such notices and communications may, in the alternative, be sent to the Company by electronic mail to the address listed below) 
 
 If to the Company, to it at 
 
 Herc Holdings Inc. 
 27500 Riverview Center Blvd. 
 Bonita Springs, Florida 34134 
 Attention Chief Legal Officer 
 Email wade.sheek hercrentals.com 
 If to the Participant, to the Participant at his or her most recent address as shown on the books and records of the Company or Subsidiary employing the Participant. 
 All such notices and communications shall be deemed to have been received on the date of delivery if delivered personally or on the third business day after the mailing thereof. 
 (e) Amendment . This Agreement may be amended in writing from time to time by the Committee in its discretion provided , however , that this Agreement may not be modified in a manner that would have a material adverse effect on the Restricted Stock Units as determined in the discretion of the Committee, except as provided in the Plan, or with the consent of the Participant. 
 (f) Interpretation . The Committee shall have full power and discretion to construe and interpret the Plan (and any rules and regulations issued thereunder) and this Award. Any determination or interpretation by the Committee under or pursuant to the Plan or this Award shall be final and binding and conclusive on all persons affected hereby. 
 (g) Tax Withholding Section 409A . 
 (i) The Company shall have the right and power to deduct from all amounts paid to the Participant in cash or shares (whether under the Plan or otherwise) or to require the Participant to remit to the Company promptly upon notification of the amount due, an amount (which may include shares of Common Stock) to satisfy federal, state or local or foreign taxes or other obligations required by law to be withheld with respect to the Restricted Stock Units. No shares of Common Stock shall be issued unless and until arrangements satisfactory to the Committee shall have been made to satisfy the statutory withholding tax obligations applicable with respect to such Restricted Stock Units. To the extent permitted by Section 409A of the Code, the Company may defer payments of cash or issuance or delivery of Common Stock until such requirements are satisfied. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Participant may elect to tender 
 6 

shares of Common Stock (including shares of Common Stock issuable in respect of the Restricted Stock Units) to satisfy, in whole or in part, the amount required to be withheld. 
 (ii) It is intended that the provisions of this Agreement comply with Section 409A of the Code, and all provisions of this Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in a manner consistent with the requirements for avoiding taxes or penalties under Section 409A and any similar state or local law. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, if the Participant is a specified employee, as defined in Section 409A of the Code, as of the date of Participant s separation from service, then to the extent any amount payable to the Participant (A) constitutes the payment of nonqualified deferred compensation, within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, (B) is payable upon the Participant s separation from service and (C) under the terms of this Agreement would be payable prior to the six-month anniversary of the Participant s separation from service, such payment shall be delayed until the earlier to occur of (x) the first business day following the six-month anniversary of the separation from service and (y) the date of the Participant s death. For purposes of this Agreement, termination of employment shall be construed consistent with a separation from service under Section 409A of the Code, and all payments under this Agreement will be construed as a series of separate payments to the maximum extent permitted by Section 409A of the Code. 
 (h) Applicable Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of Delaware regardless of the application of rules of conflict of law that would apply the laws of any other jurisdiction. 
 (i) Limitation on Rights No Right to Future Grants Extraordinary Item of Compensation . By entering into this Agreement and accepting the Restricted Stock Units evidenced hereby, the Participant acknowledges (i) that the Plan is discretionary in nature and may be suspended or terminated by the Company at any time (ii) that the Award does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of Awards (iii) that participation in the Plan is voluntary (iv) that the value of the Restricted Stock Units is not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, resignation, redundancy, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement benefits or similar payments and (v) that the future value of the Common Stock is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty. 
 (j) Employee Data Privacy . The Participant authorizes any Affiliate of the Company that employs the Participant or that otherwise has or lawfully obtains personal data relating to the Participant to divulge or transfer such personal data to the Company or to a third party, in each case in any jurisdiction, if and to the extent appropriate in connection with this Agreement or the administration of the Plan. 
 (k) Consent to Electronic Delivery . By entering into this Agreement and accepting the Restricted Stock Units evidenced hereby, the Participant hereby consents to the delivery of information (including, without limitation, information required to be delivered to the Participant pursuant to applicable securities laws) regarding the Company and the Subsidiaries, the Plan, this Agreement and the Restricted Stock Units via Company web site or other electronic delivery. 
 7 

(l) Claw Back or Compensation Recovery Policy . Without limiting any other provision of this Agreement or the Plan, the Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to the Company s Amended and Restated Compensation Recovery Policy (as amended from time to time, and including any successor or replacement policy or standard). 
 (m) Company Rights . The existence of the Restricted Stock Units does not affect in any way the right or power of the Company or its stockholders to make or authorize any or all adjustments, recapitalizations, reorganizations or other changes in the Company s capital structure or its business, including that of its Affiliates, or any merger or consolidation of the Company or any Affiliate, or any issue of bonds, debentures, preferred or other stocks with preference ahead of or convertible into, or otherwise affecting the Common Stock or the rights thereof, or the dissolution or liquidation of the Company or any Affiliate, or any sale or transfer of all or any part of the Company s or any Affiliate s assets or business, or any other corporate act or proceeding, whether of a similar character or otherwise. 
 (n) Severability . If a court of competent jurisdiction determines that any portion of this Agreement is in violation of any statute or public policy, then only the portions of this Agreement which violate such statute or public policy shall be stricken, and all portions of this Agreement which do not violate any statute or public policy shall continue in full force and effect. Further, it is the parties intent that any court order striking any portion of this Agreement should modify the terms as narrowly as possible to give as much effect as possible to the intentions of the parties under this Agreement. 
 (o) Further Assurances . The Participant agrees to use his or her reasonable and diligent best efforts to proceed promptly with the transactions contemplated herein, to fulfill the conditions precedent for the Participant s benefit or to cause the same to be fulfilled and to execute such further documents and other papers and perform such further acts as may be reasonably required or desirable to carry out the provisions hereof and the transactions contemplated herein. 
 (p) Headings and Captions . The section and other headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 
 (q) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

8 

</EX-10.14 3>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 exhibit211subsidiarylist20.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF HERC HOLDINGS INC. As of December 31, 2022 JURISDICTION OF INCORPORATION Black and Gold Insurance Ltd. Bermuda Cinelease, Inc. Nevada Herc Build, LLC Delaware Herc Intermediate Holdings, LLC Delaware Herc Investors, LLC Delaware Herc Management Services LLC Delaware Herc Purchasing LLC Delaware Herc Sales Force A LLC Delaware Herc Sales Force B LLC Delaware Herc Sales Holdings LLC Delaware Herc Receivables U.S. LLC Delaware Herc Rentals Inc. Delaware Herc Entertainment Services LLC Delaware Herc Rentals Holdings, LLC Delaware Herc Rentals 1, LLC Delaware Herc Rentals 2, LLC Delaware Herc Rentals Employee Services LLC Delaware Herc Equipment Rental Company Holdings Netherlands B.V. Netherlands Herc Rentals Holdings (HK) Limited Hong Kong Herc Rentals Trucking (Alberta) Limited Alberta, Canada LA North Studios, LLC Delaware Matthews Equipment Limited Ontario, Canada 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 exhibit231consent2022q4.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-225164, 333-210505, 333-190684, 333-168808, 333-151103 and 333-138812) and on Form S-3 (Nos. 333-262693 and 333-262717) of Herc Holdings Inc. of our report dated February 14, 2023 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedule, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Tampa, Florida 
 February 14, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 herc2022q4exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 I, Lawrence H. Silber, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (this report of Herc Holdings Inc. (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date 
 February 14, 2023 By 
 s LAWRENCE H. SILBER 
 Lawrence H. Silber Chief Executive Officer, President and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 herc2022q4exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 I, Mark Irion, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (this report of Herc Holdings Inc. (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date 
 February 14, 2023 By 
 s MARK IRION 
 Mark Irion 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 herc2022q4exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATIONS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE AND THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 In connection with the filing of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Herc Holdings Inc. (the Company for the quarterly period ended December 31, 2022 with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned officers certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to such officer's knowledge 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date 
 February 14, 2023 By 
 s LAWRENCE H. SILBER 
 Lawrence H. Silber Chief Executive Officer, President and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Date 
 February 14, 2023 By 
 s MARK IRION 
 Mark Irion Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 hri-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 hri-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 hri-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 hri-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 hri-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

