<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_917470_0001437749-23-004533.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9753043</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>253437</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1502172</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3015476</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2501003</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2218303</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-23-004533.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224160708
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-23-004533
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		105
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OLYMPIC STEEL INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000917470
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-METALS SERVICE CENTERS & OFFICES [5051]
		IRS NUMBER:				341245650
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-23320
		FILM NUMBER:		23667062

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5096 RICHMOND RD
		CITY:			BEDFORD HEIGHTS
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44146
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2162923800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5096 RICHMOND RD
		CITY:			BEDFORD HEIGHTS
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44146

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-23-004533.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 zeus20221231_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

zeus20221231_10k.htm 

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For The Year Ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For The Transition Period From _______________ To _______________ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
			 
			 (Zip Code) 

Registrant's telephone number, including area code ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered 

The Stock Market, LLC. 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

 Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

 No 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Yes No 
 
Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 

 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
			 
			 Small reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

1

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant include in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant based on the closing price at which such stock was sold on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on such date approximated . 

Indicate the number of shares of each of the issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 

Class 
			 
			 Outstanding as of February 24, 2023 

Common stock, without par value 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

The registrant intends to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission a definitive Proxy Statement pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 within 120 days of the close of its fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, portions of which document shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K from the date such document is filed. 

2

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Part I 

Item 1. 

Business 

4 

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors 

16 

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments 

25 

Item 2. 

Properties 

26 

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings 

27 

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures 

28 

Information About Our Executive Officers 

29 

Part II 

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
			 
			 30 

Item 6. 

[Reserved] 

31 

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
			 
			 32 

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

44 

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

45 

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
			 
			 76 

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures 

76 

Item 9B. 

Other Information 

76 

Item 9C. 

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

76 

Part III 

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

77 

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation 

77 

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
			 
			 77 

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

77 

Item 14. 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

77 

Part IV 

Item 15. 

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

78 

Index to Exhibits 

78 

Item 16. 

Form 10-K Summary 

82 

Signatures 
			 
			 83 

3

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

The Company 

We are a leading metals service center that operates in three reportable segments; specialty metals flat products, carbon flat products, and tubular and pipe products. We provide metals processing and distribution services for a wide range of customers. Our specialty metals flat products segment s focus is on the direct sale and distribution of processed aluminum and stainless flat-rolled sheet and coil products, flat bar products, prime tin mill products and fabricated parts. Through the acquisition of Shaw Stainless Alloy, Inc., or Shaw, on October 1, 2021 and Action Stainless Alloys, Inc., or Action Stainless, on December 14, 2020, our specialty metals flat products segment expanded its geographic footprint and enhanced its product offerings in stainless steel and aluminum plate, sheet, angles, rounds, flat bar, tubing and pipe. Shaw also manufactures and distributes stainless steel bollards and water treatment systems. Action Stainless offers a range of processing capabilities, including plasma, laser and waterjet cutting and computer numerical control, or CNC, machining. Our carbon flat products segment s focus is on the direct sale and distribution of large volumes of processed carbon and coated flat-rolled sheet, coil and plate products and fabricated parts. Through acquisitions, our carbon flat products segment expanded its product offerings to include self-dumping metal hoppers and steel and stainless-steel dump inserts for pickup truck and service truck beds. With the recent acquisition of Metal-Fab, Inc., or Metal-Fab, on January 3, 2023, our carbon flat products segment will further expand our product offerings to include the manufacture of venting, micro air and clean air products for residential, commercial and industrial applications. Metal-Fab s operational results are not included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, we distribute metal tubing, pipe, bar, valves and fittings and fabricate parts supplied to various industrial markets through our tubular and pipe products segment. Products that require more value-added processing generally have a higher gross profit. Accordingly, our overall gross profit is affected by, among other things, product mix, the amount of processing performed, the demand for and availability of metals, and volatility in selling prices and material purchase costs. We also perform toll processing of customer-owned metals. We sell certain products internationally, primarily in Canada and Mexico. International sales are immaterial to our consolidated financial results and to the individual segments results. 

We are incorporated under the laws of the State of Ohio. Our executive offices are located at 22901 Millcreek Boulevard, Suite 650, Highland Hills, Ohio 44122. Our telephone number is (216) 292-3800, and our website address is www.olysteel.com. We are not including the information on our website as a part of, or incorporating it by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Industry Overview 

The metals industry is comprised of three types of entities: metals producers, intermediate metals processors and metals service centers. Metals producers have historically emphasized the sale of metals to volume purchasers and have generally viewed intermediate metals processors and metals service centers as part of their customer base. However, all three types of entities can compete for certain customers who purchase large quantities of metals. Intermediate metals processors tend to serve as processors in large quantities for metals producers and major industrial consumers of processed metals. 

Services provided by metals service centers can range from storage and distribution of unprocessed metal products to complex, precision value-added metals processing. Metals service centers respond directly to customer needs and emphasize value-added processing of metals pursuant to specific customer demands, such as cutting-to-length, slitting, shearing, roll forming, shape correction and surface improvement, blanking, tempering, plate burning, stamping, bending and welding. These processes produce metals to specified lengths, widths, shapes and surface characteristics through the use of specialized equipment. Metals service centers typically have lower cost structures than and provide services and value-added processing not otherwise available from, metals producers. 

End product manufacturers and other metals users seek to purchase metals on shorter lead times and with more frequent and reliable deliveries than can normally be provided by metals producers. Metals service centers generally have lower labor costs than metals producers and consequently process metals on a more cost-effective basis. In addition, due to this lower cost structure, metals service centers are able to handle orders in quantities smaller than would be economical for metals producers. The benefits to customers purchasing products from metals service centers include lower inventory levels, lower overall cost of raw materials, more timely response and decreased manufacturing investment, time and expense. Customers also benefit from a lower investment in production labor, buildings and equipment, which allows them to focus on the engineering, assembly and marketing of their products. We believe that customers demands for just-in-time delivery of have made the value-added inventory, processing and delivery functions performed by metals service centers increasingly important. 

4

Corporate History 

Our company was founded in 1954 as a general steel service center. In the late 1980s, our business strategy changed from a focus on warehousing and distributing steel from a single facility with no major processing equipment to a focus on geographic and product growth, customer diversity and value-added processing. An integral part of our growth has been the acquisition and start-up of processing and sales operations, and the investment in processing equipment. In 1994, we completed an initial public offering and, in 1996, we completed a follow-on offering of our common stock. 

Over the years, our company has expanded into new product offerings through multiple acquisitions. Our tubular and pipe products segment was established in 2011 after the acquisition of Chicago Tube and Iron, or CTI, a private leading distributor of tubing, pipe, bar, valves, and fittings. Our specialty metals flat products segment was established in 2015 and has expanded since its creation, most recently with the acquisitions of Shaw in 2021, Action Stainless in 2020 and, Berlin Metals, LLC in 2018, and our carbon flat products segment expanded into manufacturing metal intensive branded products with the acquisitions of McCullough Industries, or McCullough, and certain assets related to the manufacturing of the EZ Dumper hydraulic dump inserts, or EZ Dumper, in 2019. 

Michael D. Siegal began his career with us in the early 1970s and serves as our Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors. Mr. Siegal served as our Chief Executive Officer from 1984 through 2018. Richard T. Marabito has served as our Chief Executive Officer since January 2019. Mr. Marabito joined us in 1994 and served as our Chief Financial Officer from 2000 through 2018. Richard A. Manson has served as our Chief Financial Officer since January 2019. Mr. Manson has served in various capacities at our company since 1996, and previously served as our Vice President and Treasurer. Andrew S. Greiff has served as our President and Chief Operating Officer since January 2020. Mr. Greiff joined us in 2009 to lead our specialty metals business and has previously served as our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. 

Business Strategy and Objectives 

We believe that the metals service center and processing industry is driven by the following primary trends: (i) shift by customers to fewer suppliers that are larger and financially strong; (ii) increased customer demand for more frequent deliveries, higher quality products and services; and (iii) localization of metals industry participants. 

In recognition of these industry trends, our focus has been on achieving profitable geographic and product growth through the start-up and acquisition of service centers, processors, fabricators and related businesses, and investments in people, information systems, higher value-added processing equipment and services, while continuing our commitment to expanding and improving our operating efficiencies, sales and servicing efforts. 

We are focused on specific operating objectives including: (i) improving safety performance; (ii) managing inventory turnover; (iii) managing operating expenses; (iv) providing on-time delivery and quality performance for our customers; (v) diversifying product offerings; (vi) profitably growing our market share; (vii) increasing and providing more consistent returns; (viii) maintaining targeted cash turnover rates and (ix) investing in technology and business information systems. 

These operating objectives are supported by: 

A set of core values, which are communicated, practiced, measured and rewarded throughout the Company. 

Our commitment to providing a safe work environment and promoting employee health and well-being through continuous improvement activities, education and communication. 

An internal communications program designed to engage and motivate employees to support our strategy, values and culture. 

Our flawless execution program, or Fe program, an internal continuous improvement program that rewards employees who achieve profitable growth by delivering superior customer service and exceeding customer expectations. 

Operational initiatives designed to improve efficiencies and reduce costs by improving and automating processes and creating an environment to facilitate change and improve the way we work and create value. 

Information systems and key metric reporting to focus managers on achieving specific operating objectives. 

5

Alignment of compensation with the financial objectives and performance of the Company and the achievement of specific financial and operating objectives. 

We believe our depth of management experiences, facilities, locations, processing capabilities, inventory, focus on safety, quality and customer service, extensive and experienced sales force, and the strength of our customer and supplier relationships provide a strong foundation for implementation of our strategy and achievement of our objectives. Certain elements of our strategy are set forth in more detail below. 

Investments and Acquisitions . During the past three years, we have accelerated our growth through acquisitions and capital investments in facilities and processing equipment. Our Vice President of Strategic Development focuses on profitable growth opportunities, including acquisitions. 

On January 3, 2023, we purchased all of the outstanding shares of capital stock of Metal-Fab, headquartered in Wichita, Kansas. Metal-Fab is a manufacturer of venting, micro air and clean air products for residential, commercial and industrial applications. The acquisition intends to expand our portfolio of metal-intensive end-use products and widen our product offerings, manufacturing capabilities and geographic reach. Metal-Fab s operational results are not included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K but will be included starting in the first quarter of 2023. 

On June 1, 2022, we began leasing an 81,400-square-foot metal fabrication facility, located in Bartlett, Illinois. This new facility is expected to be operational by the second quarter of 2023 and will be fabrication focused with an emphasis on specialty metals flat-rolled products and downstream value-added services. The transfer of the fabrication business to Bartlett, Illinois also supports our growth plans for the cut-to-length business out of the Schaumburg, Illinois facility. To support the growth of our fabrication services, the new Bartlett facility will initially house two lasers and four press brakes. 

On October 1, 2021, we acquired substantially all of the net assets of Shaw, based outside of Atlanta, Georgia. Shaw is a full-line distributor of stainless steel sheet, pipe, tube, bar and angles. Shaw also manufactures and distributes stainless steel bollards and water treatment systems. The acquisition expanded our stainless-steel distribution and fabrication capabilities, as well as our entry into architectural and barrier defense bollards. 

On December 14, 2020, we acquired substantially all of the net assets of Action Stainless, based outside of Dallas, Texas. Action Stainless is a full-line distributor of stainless steel and aluminum plate, sheet, angles, rounds, flat bar, tubing and pipe and offers a range of processing capabilities, including plasma, laser and waterjet cutting and CNC machining. The acquisition expanded the geographic footprint of our specialty metals flat products segment with locations in Texas, Arkansas, South Carolina and Missouri. 

On June 1, 2020, we opened a 120,000-square-foot metal processing facility, located in Buford, Georgia. The location expanded our southeastern region footprint, which also includes facilities in Locust, North Carolina; Winder, Georgia; and Hanceville, Alabama. The Buford facility acts as the region s primary flat-rolled fabrication hub, with first-stage metal processing anchored in the Winder facility, metal distribution in both the Winder, Georgia and Hanceville, Alabama locations, and pipe and tube laser fabrication and bending and welding at the Locust, North Carolina location. As part of the expansion, we added a new Mitsubishi fiber optic laser, a new Eagle 20kw laser system, a 600-ton Verson stamping press with a COE coil feed system and 2 Lincoln robotic welding cells. The additional equipment and processing capacity complement the region s existing value-added fabrication capabilities and support the Company s commitment to automotive original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs, and their tier 1 and 2 parts makers, as well as responds to increasing demand from other OEM customers. 

In addition to the acquisitions noted above, our capital investments during the past three years have primarily consisted of additional processing equipment for all three of our segments. 

When the results of sales and marketing efforts and our financial justifications indicate that there is sufficient customer demand for a particular product, process or service, we may purchase equipment to satisfy that demand. We also evaluate our existing equipment to ensure that it remains productive, and we upgrade, replace, redeploy or dispose of equipment when necessary. We invest in processing equipment to support customer demand and to respond to the growing trend among OEMs (our customers) to outsource non-core production processes, such as plate processing, machining, welding and fabrication, in order to concentrate on engineering, design and assembly. 

Disposition of Assets: On September 17, 2021, we sold substantially all of the assets related to our Detroit, Michigan operation to Venture Steel (U.S.), Inc. The proceeds of the sale were used for working capital needs as well as the acquisitions and investments in the subsequent organic growth opportunities noted above. The Detroit operation was primarily focused on the distribution of carbon flat-rolled steel to domestic automotive manufacturers and their suppliers. 

6

Sales and Marketing . We believe that our commitments to quality, service, just-in-time delivery and field sales personnel have enabled us to build and maintain strong customer relationships. We continuously analyze our customer base to ensure that strategic customers are properly targeted and serviced, while focusing our efforts to supply and successfully service multi-location customers from multiple Olympic Steel facilities. We service certain customers with carbon and specialty metals flat products and tubular and pipe products through cross-stocking of products in certain facilities. 

We offer business solutions to our customers through value-added and value-engineered services. We also provide inventory stocking programs and in-plant Olympic Steel employees located at certain customer facilities to help reduce customers costs. Our owned truck fleet and dedicated carrier fleet further enhance our just-in-time deliveries based on our customers requirements. 

Our Flawless execution, or Fe, program is a commitment to provide superior customer service while striving to exceed customer expectations. This program includes tracking on-time delivery and quality performance against objectives, and recognition of employee initiatives to improve efficiencies, streamline processes or reduce operating expenses at each operation. 

We believe our large and experienced sales force provides strategic advantages. Our sales force makes direct daily sales calls to customers throughout the continental United States, and parts of Canada and Mexico. The continuous interaction between our sales force and active and prospective customers provides us with valuable market information and sales opportunities, including opportunities for outsourcing, improving customer service and increasing sales. 

Our sales efforts are further supported by metallurgists, engineers, technical and quality service personnel and product specialists who have specific expertise in carbon and stainless steel, aluminum, alloy plate and steel fabrication as well as tubular and pipe products. Our services for certain customers also include integration into our internal business systems to provide cost efficiencies for both us and our customers. 

Management . We believe one of our strengths is the depth, knowledge and experience of our management team. In addition to our executive officers, members of our senior management team have a diversity of backgrounds within the metals industry, including management positions at metals producers and other metals service centers. They average 29 years of experience in the metals industry and 20 years with our company. We have a succession planning and leadership development process in place, which allows us to further enhance our management team by the promotions of employees to executive management positions within the organization. 

Products, Processing Services and Quality Standards 

We carry a wide selection of metals products and grades, ranging from commercial quality to ultra-high strength steel and specialty metals including; 

Stainless steel and aluminum coil and sheet products, angles, rounds and flat bar; 

Alloy, heat treated and abrasion resistant coil, sheet and plate; 

Coated metals including galvanized, galvannealed, electro galvanized, advanced high strength steels, aluminized, and automotive grades of steel; 

Cold rolled carbon including commercial quality, advanced high strength steel, drawing steel and automotive grades cold rolled steel coil and sheet products; 

Hot rolled carbon including hot rolled coil, sheet and plate steel products including pickled and oiled, automotive grades, advanced high strength steels, and high strength low alloys; 

Tube, pipe bar products including round, square, and rectangular mechanical and structural tubing; hydraulic and stainless tubing; boiler tubing; carbon, stainless, and aluminum pipe; and valves and fittings; and 

Tin mill products including electrolytic tinplate, electrolytic chromium coated steel and black plate. 

With the acquisitions of EZ Dumper and McCullough, we manufacture hydraulic dump inserts and self-dumping hoppers. With the acquisition of Shaw, we manufacture and distribute stainless steel bollards and water treatment systems. With the acquisition of Metal-Fab, we manufacture venting, micro air and clean air products for residential, commercial and industrial applications beginning in 2023. 

7

Customer orders are entered or electronically transmitted into computerized order entry systems, and appropriate inventory is selected and scheduled for processing in accordance with the customer s specified delivery date. We attempt to maximize yield and equipment efficiency through the use of computer software and by combining customer orders for processing each coil, plate, tube or pipe to the fullest extent practicable. 

Our traditional service center and higher value-added processes include; 

Cut-to-length - cutting metal along the width of the coil, or to desired lengths; 

Slitting - cutting metal to specified widths along the length of the coil; 

Shearing - the process of cutting sheet metal; 

Blanking - cutting metal into specific shapes with close tolerances; 

Tempering - cold rolling process that improves the uniformity of the thickness and flatness of the metals; 

Stretcher-leveling - stretching process that improves the uniformity of the thickness and flatness of the metals; 

Plate and laser processing - cutting metal into specific shapes and sizes via laser, plasma and flame cutting; 

Forming and machining - bending, drilling, milling, tapping, boring and sawing metal; 

Tube processing - tube bending and end finishing; 

Finishing - shot blasting, grinding, edging, threading and grooving, beveling and polishing; 

Fabrication - machining, welding, assembly, painting and kitting of component parts; and 

Value added services, including saw cutting, laser cutting, beveling, threading and grooving. 

The flat products segment is separated into two reportable segments; specialty metals flat products and carbon flat products. The flat products segments assets and resources are shared by the specialty metals and carbon flat products segments and both segments products are, in some instances, stored in the shared facilities and processed on the shared equipment. 

The following table sets forth, as of December 31, 2022, the major pieces of processing equipment in operation by segment: 

Processing Equipment 

Consolidated Flat 

			 Products 

Tubular and Pipe 

			 Products 

Total 

Cut-to-length 

18 

14 

32 

Slitting 

12 

- 

12 

Shearing 

9 

- 

9 

Blanking 

2 

- 

2 

Tempering 

3 

- 

3 

Stretcher-leveling 

2 

- 

2 

Plate processing 

26 

- 

26 

Laser processing 

30 

10 

40 

Forming 

24 

- 

24 

Machining 

41 

82 

123 

Tube processing 

2 

35 

37 

Finishing 

31 

3 

34 

Painting 

1 

1 

2 

Total 

201 

145 

346 

Our quality assurance system, led by certified specialists and engineers, establishes controls and procedures covering all aspects of our products from the time the material is ordered through receipt, processing and shipment to the customer. These controls and procedures encompass periodic supplier and customer audits, workshops with customers, inspection equipment and criteria, preventative actions, material traceability and certification. We have quality testing labs at several of our facilities, including at our facilities in Cleveland, Ohio; Minneapolis, Minnesota; Buford, Georgia and Bettendorf, Iowa. 

In addition, 28 of our facilities have earned International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 9001:2015 certifications. Our Romeoville, Illinois and Locust, North Carolina facilities have earned the American Society of Mechanical Engineers S Certification and our Locust, North Carolina facility has earned the National Board of Boiler Pressure Vessel Inspectors R and U Certifications. 

8

Our office building in Winder, Georgia has received Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) certification. 

Customers and Distribution 

We have a diverse customer and geographic base, which helps to reduce the inherent risk and cyclicality of our business. Net sales to our top three customers, in the aggregate, approximated 7 , 6 and 6 of our consolidated net sales in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We serve customers in metals consuming industries, including manufacturers and fabricators of transportation and material handling lift equipment, construction, mining and farm equipment, storage tanks, environmental and energy generation equipment, automobiles, food service and electrical equipment, as well as general and plate fabricators and metals service centers. 

The table below shows the percentage of our consolidated net sales to the largest industries for the past three years. 

Industry 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Industrial machinery and equipment manufacturers and their fabricators 

52 

47 

47 

Metals service centers 

9 

11 

11 

Residential and commercial construction 

7 

8 

8 

Automobile manufacturers and their suppliers 

2 

7 

7 

Transportation equipment manufacturers 

8 

6 

6 

All others 

22 

21 

21 

While we ship products throughout the United States, most of our customers are located in the midwestern, eastern and southern regions of the United States. Most customers are located within a 250-mile radius of one of our processing facilities, thus enabling an efficient delivery system capable of handling a high frequency of short lead time orders. We transport our products directly to customers via our owned truck fleet and dedicated carrier fleet, which further supports the just-in-time delivery requirements of our customers, and third-party trucking firms. 

We process our metals to specific customer orders as well as for stocking programs. Many of our larger customers commit to purchase on a regular basis at agreed upon or indexed prices for periods ranging from three to twelve months. To help mitigate price volatility risks, these price commitments are generally matched with corresponding supply arrangements, or to a lesser degree by commodities hedging. Customers notify us of specific release dates as processed products are required. Customers typically notify us of release dates anywhere from a just-in-time basis to one month before the release date. Therefore, we are required to carry sufficient inventory to meet the short lead time and just-in-time delivery requirements of our customers. 

Raw Materials 

Our principal raw materials are carbon, coated, and stainless steel and aluminum, in the forms of pipe, tube, flat-rolled sheet, coil and plate that we typically purchase from multiple primary metals producers. The metals industry as a whole is cyclical and at times pricing and availability of material can be volatile due to numerous factors beyond our control, including general domestic and global economic conditions; domestic and global supply and demand imbalance; competition; quickly changing lead times and late deliveries from metals producers; fluctuations in the costs of raw materials necessary to produce metals; import duties; tariffs and quotas; and currency exchange rates. This volatility can significantly affect the availability and cost of raw materials to us. 

Inventory management is a key profitability driver in the metals service center industry. Similar to many other metals service centers, we maintain substantial inventories of metals to accommodate the short lead times and just-in-time delivery requirements of our customers. Accordingly, we purchase metals in an effort to maintain our inventory at levels that we believe to be appropriate to satisfy the anticipated needs of our customers based upon historic buying practices, purchase forecasts and commitments with customers, supplier lead times and market conditions. 

Our commitments to purchase metals are generally at prevailing market prices in effect at the time we place our orders. We enter into pass through nickel swaps at the request of our customers in order to mitigate our customers risk of volatility in the price of metals. The swaps are settled with the brokers at maturity and the economic benefit or loss arising from the changes in fair value of the swaps is contractually passed through to the customer. 

9

We have some fixed priced purchase agreements that support fixed priced sales agreements; however, in general we have no long-term, fixed-price metals purchase contracts, except for commodity hedges. When metals prices decline, customer demands for lower prices and our competitors responses to those demands could result in lower sale prices and, consequently, lower gross profits and earnings as we use existing metals inventory. When metals prices increase, competitive conditions will influence how much of the price increase we can pass on to our customers. 

Suppliers 

We concentrate on developing supply relationships with reliable high-quality domestic and international metals producers, using a coordinated effort to be the customer of choice for business critical suppliers. We employ sourcing strategies that maximize the quality, production lead times and transportation economies of a global supply base. We are an important customer of flat-rolled coil and plate, pipe and tube for many of our principal suppliers, but we are not dependent on any one supplier. We purchase in bulk from metals producers in quantities that are efficient for such producers. This enables us to maintain a continued source of supply that we believe is competitively priced. We believe the access to our facilities and equipment, and our high quality customer services and solutions, combined with our long-standing prompt pay practices, will continue to be important factors in maintaining strong relationships with metals suppliers. 

The metals producing supply base has experienced significant consolidation, with a few suppliers accounting for a majority of the domestic carbon flat-rolled steel market. We purchased approximately 39 and 51 of our total metals requirements from our three largest suppliers in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Although we have no long-term supply commitments, we believe we have good relationships with our metals suppliers. If, in the future, we are unable to obtain sufficient amounts of metals on a timely basis, we may not be able to obtain metals from alternate sources at competitive prices. In addition, interruptions or reductions in our supply of metals could make it difficult to satisfy our customers just-in-time delivery requirements, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Competition 

Our principal markets are highly competitive. We compete with other public and private regional and national metals service centers, single location service centers and, to a certain degree, metals producers and intermediate metals processors on a regional basis. We have different competitors for each of our products and within each region. We compete on the basis of price, product selection and availability, customer service, value-added capabilities, quality, financial strength and geographic proximity. Certain of our competitors have greater financial and operating resources than we have. 

With the exception of certain Canadian or Mexican operations, foreign-located metals service centers are generally not a material competitive factor in our principal domestic markets. 

Management Information Systems 

Information systems and technology are important components of our strategy. We have invested in technologies and related personnel as a foundation for growth. We depend on our Enterprise Resource Planning, or ERP, systems for financial reporting, management decision-making, inventory management, order tracking and fulfillment and production optimization. We continue to upgrade and consolidate our systems for optimal use of resources and to assure we are taking advantage of appropriate technology offerings. 

Our information systems focus on the following core application areas: 

Inventory Management . Our information systems track the status, quantity and cost of inventories by product, location and process in real time. This information is essential to optimize inventory management. 

Differentiated Services To Customers . Our information systems support value-added services to customers, including quality control and on-time delivery monitoring and reporting, just-in-time inventory management and shipping services. 

10

E-Commerce and Advanced Customer Interaction . We are actively participating in electronic commerce initiatives to reduce processing cost and time. In addition to full electronic data interchange, or EDI, capabilities with our customers and vendors, we also have implemented extranet sites for specific customers. 

System and Process Enhancements. We have completed development of business system solutions to replace our legacy information systems and have successfully implemented new ERP systems at most of our locations. We continue to implement these systems to provide standardized business processes, enhanced inventory management, production cost, sales administrative controls and reduced technical support requirements. Our business analysts work with our quality team to identify opportunities for efficiency and improved customer service. We collaborate across the metal supply chain, working with metals producers, service providers, customers, and industry-sponsored organizations to develop industry processing standards to drive cost out of the supply chain. 

Information security and continuous availability of information processing are of highest priority. Our information professionals employ proven security and monitoring practices, controls, education and tools to mitigate cyber-security risks and threats. In case of physical emergency or threat, our ERP systems, accounting systems, internet and communications systems are duplicated at a secure off-site computing facility or through secure, multi-site cloud providers. 

Automation Initiatives 

We believe that investing in processing automation solutions is an important component in realizing our profitable growth strategy. We have made investments in automated packaging, material handling and welding, among other solutions, to gain production efficiencies, decrease production costs, improve safety conditions for our employees and to ease labor shortage risks. 

Human Capital Management 

Our employees are our most valued resource. We work to attract a diverse, qualified workforce through an inclusive and accessible recruiting process that utilizes online recruiting, campus outreach, internships and job fairs. We seek to retain and develop employees by offering competitive wages, benefits and training opportunities, as well as promoting a safe and healthy workplace culture. We comply with all applicable state, local and international laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which we operate. All applicants and employees are treated with the same high level of respect regardless of their gender, ethnicity, religion, national origin, age, marital status, political affiliation, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran or other protected status. Our core values (Accountability, Corporate Citizenship, Customer Satisfaction, Employee Development, Financial Stability, Integrity, Respect, Safety and Teamwork) guide our decisions and behavior and set a standard of excellence that rewards our employees. 

At December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 1,668 people. Approximately 179 of the hourly plant personnel are represented by seven separate collective bargaining units. The table below shows the expiration dates of the collective bargaining agreements. 

Facility 

Expiration date 

Hammond, Indiana 

November 30, 2024 

Locust, North Carolina 

March 4, 2025 

St. Paul, Minnesota 

May 25, 2025 

Romeoville, Illinois 

May 31, 2025 

Minneapolis (coil), Minnesota 

September 30, 2025 

Indianapolis, Indiana 

January 29, 2026 

Minneapolis (plate), Minnesota 

March 31, 2027 

We have never experienced a work stoppage and we believe that our relationship with employees is strong. However, any prolonged work stoppages by our personnel represented by collective bargaining units could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

11

Service Marks, Trade Names and Patents 

We conduct our business under the name Olympic Steel. A provision of federal law grants exclusive rights to the word Olympic to the U.S. Olympic Committee. The U.S. Supreme Court has recognized, however, that certain users may continue to use the word based on long-term and continuous use. We have used the name Olympic Steel since 1954, but are prevented from registering the name Olympic and from being qualified to do business as a foreign corporation under that name in certain states. In such states, we have registered under different names, including Oly Steel and Olympia Steel. Our wholly-owned subsidiary, Olympic Steel Iowa, Inc., does business in certain states under the name Oly Steel Iowa, Inc. Our Integrity Stainless operation conducts business under the name Integrity Stainless. Our CTI operation conducts business under the name CTI Power. Our operation in Monterrey, Mexico operates under the name Metales de Olympic S. de R.L. de C.V. Our wholly owned subsidiary, B Metals, Inc., does business under the name Berlin Metals. Our wholly owned subsidiary, MCI, Inc., does business under the name McCullough Industries and we conduct business under the name EZ Dumper for certain of our products. Our wholly owned subsidiary, ACT Acquisition, Inc., does business under the name Action Stainless Alloys. Our wholly-owned subsidiary, SHAQ, Inc., does business under the name Shaw Stainless Alloys . 

We hold a trademark for our stainless steel sheet and plate product OLY-FLATBRITE, which has a unique combination of surface finish and flatness and for our WRIGHT self-dumping metal hoppers produced by McCullough. The registered trademark ACTION STAINLESS was acquired in conjunction with the asset acquisition of Action Stainless. 

The EZ DUMPER tradename was acquired by us in conjunction with the acquisition of certain assets related to the manufacturing of the EZ Dumper hydraulic dump inserts. 

The registered tradenames SHAW STAINLESS and SHAW STAINLESS ALLOY were acquired by us in conjunction with the asset acquisition of Shaw Stainless. 

We hold patents for certain bollard coverings and methods of manufacturing and use thereof which were acquired in conjunction with the asset acquisition of Shaw Stainless. 

Government Regulation 

Our operations are governed by many laws and regulations, including those relating to workplace safety and worker health, principally the Occupational Safety and Health Act and regulations thereunder. We believe that we are in material compliance with these laws and regulations and do not believe that future compliance with such laws and regulations will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Environmental 

We are committed to responsible environmental management practices and commit to the prevention of pollution by continually identifying opportunities and improving environmental performance in all aspects of our business. Our facilities are subject to certain federal, state and local requirements relating to the protection of the environment. We believe that we are in material compliance with all environmental laws, do not anticipate any material expenditures to meet environmental requirements and do not believe that compliance with such laws and regulations will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Seasonality 

Seasonal factors may cause demand fluctuations within the year, which could impact our results of operations. Typically, demand in the first half of the year is stronger than the second half of the year, as it contains more ship days and is not impacted by the seasonal customer shut-downs in July, November and December due to holidays. 

Effects of Inflation 

Inflation generally affects us by increasing the cost of employee wages and benefits, transportation services, energy, borrowings under our credit facility, processing equipment, and purchased metals. Although general inflation, excluding increases in the price of metals and increased labor and distribution expense, has increased during 2022, it has not had a material effect on our financial results during the past three years, but may have a significant impact in future years. 

12

Available Information 

We file annual, quarterly, and current reports, proxy statements, and other documents with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The SEC maintains an Internet website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The public can obtain any documents that are filed by the Company at http://www.sec.gov. 

In addition, our annual reports on Form 10-K, as well as our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to all of the foregoing reports, are made available free of charge on or through the Investor Relations section of our website at www.olysteel.com as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. 

Information relating to our corporate governance at Olympic Steel, including our environmental, social and governance, or ESG, commitments to operating responsibly, our Business Ethics Policy, information concerning our executive officers, directors and Board committees (including committee charters), and transactions in our securities by directors and officers, is available free of charge on or through the Investor Relations section of our website at www.olysteel.com. We are not including the information on our website as a part of, or incorporating it by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

13

Forward-Looking Information 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K and other documents we file with the SEC contain various forward-looking statements that are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about our future performance, business, our beliefs and our management s assumptions. In addition, we, or others on our behalf, may make forward-looking statements in press releases or written statements, or in our communications and discussions with investors and analysts in the normal course of business through meetings, conferences, webcasts, phone calls and conference calls. Words such as may, will, anticipate, should, intend, expect, believe, estimate, project, plan, potential, and continue, as well as the negative of these terms or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those implied by such statements including, but not limited to, those set forth in Item 1A (Risk Factors) below and the following: 

risks of falling metals prices and inventory devaluation; 

supply disruptions and inflationary pressures, including the availability and rising costs of transportation, energy, logistical services and labor; 

risks associated with shortages of skilled labor, increased labor costs and our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; 

rising interest rates and their impacts on our variable interest rate debt; 

risks associated with supply chain disruption resulting from the imbalance of metal supply and end-user demands related to the novel coronavirus, or COVID-19, including additional shutdowns in large markets, such as China, and other factors; 

supplier consolidation or addition of new capacity; 

risks associated with the invasion of Ukraine, including economic sanctions, or additional war or military conflict, could adversely affect global metals supply and pricing; 

general and global business, economic, financial and political conditions, including, but not limited to, recessionary conditions and legislation passed under the current administration; 

risks associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, including, but not limited to customer closures, reduced sales and profit levels, slower payment of accounts receivable and potential increases in uncollectible accounts receivable, falling metals prices that could lead to lower of cost or net realizable value inventory adjustments and the impairment of intangible and long-lived assets, negative impacts on our liquidity position, inability to access our traditional financing sources on the same or reasonably similar terms as were available before the COVID-19 pandemic and increased costs associated with and less ability to access funds under our asset-based credit facility, or ABL Credit Facility, and the capital markets; 

the levels of imported steel in the United States and the tariffs initiated by the U.S. government in 2018 under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 and imposed tariffs and duties on exported steel or other products, U.S. trade policy and its impact on the U.S. manufacturing industry; 

the inflation or deflation existing within the metals industry, as well as product mix and inventory levels on hand, which can impact our cost of materials sold as a result of the fluctuations in the last-in, first-out, or LIFO, inventory valuation; 

increased customer demand without corresponding increase in metal supply could lead to an inability to meet customer demand and result in lower sales and profits; 

competitive factors such as the availability, and global pricing of metals and production levels, industry shipping and inventory levels and rapid fluctuations in customer demand and metals pricing; 

customer, supplier and competitor consolidation, bankruptcy or insolvency; 

the timing and outcomes of inventory lower of cost or net realizable value adjustments and LIFO income or expense; 

reduced production schedules, layoffs or work stoppages by our own, our suppliers or customers personnel; 

cyclicality and volatility within the metals industry; 

reduced availability and productivity of our employees, increased operational risks as a result of remote work arrangements, including the potential effects on internal controls, as well as cybersecurity risks and increased vulnerability to security breaches, information technology disruptions and other similar events; 

fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar and the related impact on foreign steel pricing, U.S. exports, and foreign imports to the United States; 

the successes of our efforts and initiatives to improve working capital turnover and cash flows, and achieve cost savings; 

our ability to generate free cash flow through operations and repay debt; 

14

our ability to successfully integrate recent acquisitions into our business and risks inherent with the acquisitions in the achievement of expected results, including whether the acquisition will be accretive and within the expected timeframe; 

the adequacy of our existing information technology and business system software, including duplication and security processes; 

the amounts, successes and our ability to continue our capital investments and strategic growth initiatives, including acquisitions and our business information system implementations; 

events or circumstances that could adversely impact the successful operation of our processing equipment and operations; 

the impacts of union organizing activities and the success of union contract renewals; 

changes in laws or regulations or the manner of their interpretation or enforcement could impact our financial performance and restrict our ability to operate our business or execute our strategies; 

events or circumstances that could impair or adversely impact the carrying value of any of our assets; 

risks and uncertainties associated with intangible assets, including impairment charges related to indefinite lived intangible assets; 

our ability to pay regular quarterly cash dividends and the amounts and timing of any future dividends; 

our ability to repurchase shares of our common stock and the amounts and timing of repurchases, if any; 

our ability to sell shares of our common stock under the at-the-market equity program; and 

unanticipated developments that could occur with respect to contingencies such as litigation, arbitration and environmental matters, including any developments that would require any increase in our costs for such contingencies. 

Should one or more of these or other risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those anticipated, intended, expected, believed, estimated, projected or planned. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to republish revised forward-looking statements to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events or circumstances after the date hereof, except as otherwise required by law. 

15

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

In addition to the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other filings with the SEC, the following risk factors should be carefully considered in evaluating us and our business before investing in our common stock. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties, not presently known to us or otherwise, may also impair our business. Although the risks are organized by headings, and each risk is discussed separately, many are interrelated. You should not interpret the disclosure of any risk factor to imply that the risk has not already materialized. If any of the risks actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. 

Risks Related to our Business 

Volatile metals prices can cause significant fluctuations in our operating results. Our sales and operating income could decrease if we are unable to pass producer price increases on to our customers or if metals prices decline. 

Our principal raw materials are carbon and stainless steel and aluminum flat-rolled coil, sheet, plate, prime tin mill, pipe and tube that we typically purchase from multiple primary metals producers. The metals industry as a whole is cyclical and, at times, pricing and availability of metals can be volatile due to numerous factors beyond our control, including general domestic and international economic conditions, sales levels, competition, levels of inventory held by other metals service centers, producer lead times, higher raw material costs for the producers of metals, imports, import duties and tariffs and currency exchange rates. For example, starting in August 2020, metals prices increased significantly and reached record levels during 2021 before beginning to decline in October 2021. Metals prices for all segments continued to decrease through December 2022. This volatility can significantly affect the availability and cost of raw materials to us. 

Similar to many other metals service centers, we maintain substantial inventories of metals to accommodate the short lead times and just in time delivery requirements of our customers. Accordingly, we purchase metals in an effort to maintain our inventory at levels that we believe to be appropriate to satisfy the anticipated needs of our customers based upon historic buying practices, supply agreements with customers and market conditions. Our commitments to purchase metals are generally at prevailing market prices in effect at the time we place our orders. We have no long term, fixed price metals purchase contracts. When metals prices increase, competitive conditions will influence how much of the price increase we can pass on to our customers. To the extent we are unable to pass on future price increases in our raw materials to our customers, the net sales and profitability of our business could be adversely affected. Declining metals prices, customer demand for lower prices and our competitors responses to those demands could result in lower sale prices and, consequently, lower gross profits and potentially inventory lower of cost or net realizable value adjustments as we use existing inventory. Significant or rapid declines in metals prices or reductions in sales volumes could adversely impact our ability to remain in compliance with certain financial covenants in our credit facility, as well as result in us incurring inventory or asset impairment charges. Changing metals prices therefore could significantly impact our net sales, gross profit, operating income and net income, and could impair or adversely impact the carrying value of any of our assets. 

Our business is dependent on transportation and labor. Increases in the cost or availability of transportation or labor could adversely affect our business and operations, as we may be unable to pass cost increases on to our customers. 

We ship products throughout the United States via our owned truck fleet, our dedicated carrier fleet or by third-party trucking firms. Our business depends on the daily transportation of a large number of products. We depend to a certain extent on third parties for transportation of our products to customers as well as inbound delivery of our raw materials. 

If any of these providers were to fail to deliver materials to us in a timely manner, we may be unable to process and deliver our products in response to customer demand. If any of these third parties were to cease operations or cease doing business with us, we may be unable to replace them at a reasonable cost. Failure of a third-party transportation provider to provide transportation services, or our inability to hire drivers for our in-house truck fleet, could harm our reputation, negatively affect our customer relationships and have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. 

The continued demand for skilled labor has resulted in the need to increase pay rates in certain markets. In addition, we have seen a decline in the skilled labor applicant pool since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic and increased competition for skilled labor. Our operations are dependent on the labor used to operate our equipment and deliver products to our customers. Decreased availability of labor could harm our reputation, negatively affect our customer relationships and have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. 

16

The availability of drivers and labor is integral to our operations, and increases in our cost of transportation or labor may have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. 

Increases in energy prices would increase our operating costs, and we may be unable to pass all these increases on to our customers in the form of higher prices. 

If our energy costs increase disproportionately to our revenues, our earnings could be reduced. We use energy to process and transport our products. Our operating costs increase if energy costs, including electricity, diesel fuel and natural gas, rise. During periods of higher energy costs, we may not be able to recover our operating cost increases through price increases without reducing demand for our products. In addition, we generally do not hedge our exposure to higher prices via energy futures contracts. Increases in energy and fuel prices will increase our operating costs and may reduce our profitability if we are unable to pass all of the increases on to our customers. 

Labor disruptions at any of our facilities or those of major customers could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

At December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 1,668 people. Approximately 179 of the hourly plant personnel are represented by seven separate collective bargaining units. Any prolonged work stoppages by our personnel represented by collective bargaining units could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

In addition, many of our larger customers have unionized workforces and some have experienced significant labor disruptions in the past such as work stoppages, slow-downs and strikes. A labor disruption at one or more of our major customers could interrupt production or sales by that customer and cause that customer to halt or limit orders for our products. Any such reduction in the demand for our products could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

An interruption in the sources of our metals supply could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

We purchased approximately 39 and 51 of our total metals requirements from our three largest suppliers in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Over the past years, supplier consolidation, decreased mill production due to the COVID-19 pandemic and import tariffs decreased steel availability and increased mill lead times and steel prices. Fewer available suppliers increases the risk of supply disruption through both scheduled and unscheduled supplier outages. Conversely, the addition of new mill sources and decreased domestic demand could lead to domestic over capacity, which could lead to a decrease in steel prices, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We have no long-term supply commitments with our metals suppliers. If, in the future, we are unable to obtain sufficient amounts of metals on a timely basis, we may not be able to obtain metals from alternate sources at competitive prices. In addition, late deliveries, interruptions or reductions in our supply of metals could make it difficult to satisfy our customers just-in-time delivery requirements, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We service industries that are highly cyclical, and any fluctuation in our customers demand could impact our sales, gross profits and profitability. 

We sell our products in a variety of industries, including capital equipment manufacturers for industrial, agricultural and construction use, the automotive industry, the utilities industry, and manufacturers of fabricated metals products. Numerous factors, such as general economic conditions, fluctuations in the U.S. dollar, government stimulus or regulation, availability of adequate credit and financing, consumer confidence, significant business interruptions, labor shortages or work stoppages, energy prices, seasonality, customer inventory levels and other factors beyond our control, may cause significant demand fluctuations from one or more of these industries. Any fluctuation in demand within one or more of these industries may be significant and may last for a lengthy period of time. In periods of economic slowdown or recession in the United States, excess customer or service center inventory or a decrease in the prices that we can realize from sales of our products to customers in any of these industries could result in lower sales, gross profits and profitability. 

17

Approximately 52 and 47 of our 2022 and 2021 consolidated net sales, respectively, were to industrial machinery and equipment manufacturers and their fabricators. Due to the concentration of customers in the industrial machinery and equipment industry, a decline in production levels in that industry could result in lower sales, gross profits and profitability. Approximately 2 and 7 of our 2022 and 2021 consolidated net sales, respectively, were to automotive manufacturers or manufacturers of automotive components and parts, whom we refer to as automotive customers. Historically, due to the concentration of customers in the automotive industry, our gross profits on these sales have generally been less than our gross profits on sales to customers in other industries. On September 17, 2021, we sold substantially all of the assets related to our Detroit, Michigan operation. The Detroit operation was primarily focused on the distribution of carbon flat-rolled steel to domestic automotive manufacturers and their suppliers. After the sale, less than 3 of our sales were to automotive manufacturers or manufacturers of automotive components and parts. 

Supply chain disruptions and inflationary pressures caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, and other factors, has had, and could continue to have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and liquidity. 

We are dependent on our suppliers to provide us with metal. During 2021 and 2022, we experienced increased supply chain disruptions resulting from the imbalance of metal supply and end-user demands as customer demand increased without a corresponding increase in metal supply, as businesses reopened after the COVID-19 pandemic. Our inability to meet customer demand as a result of supply disruptions and inflationary pressures could result in lower sales and profits. 

Although it is not possible to predict the ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or future worldwide health emergencies, including on our business, financial position or liquidity, such impacts that may be material include, but are not limited to: (i) reduced sales and profit levels, (ii) the slower payment of accounts receivable and potential increases in uncollectible accounts receivable, (iii) falling metals prices that could lead to lower of cost or market inventory adjustments and the impairment of intangible and long-lived assets, (v) reduced availability and productivity of our employees, (vi) increased operational risks as a result of remote work arrangements, including the potential effects on internal controls, as well as cybersecurity risks and increased vulnerability to security breaches, information technology disruptions and other similar events, (vii) negative impacts on our liquidity position, (viii) inability to access our traditional financing sources on the same or reasonably similar terms as were available before the a pandemic, and (ix) increased costs and less ability to access funds under our ABL Credit Facility and the capital markets. To the extent the duration of any of these conditions extends for a longer period of time, the impact will generally be a more severe adverse impact. 

We cannot predict the impact that the COVID-19 pandemic or future worldwide health emergencies ultimately will have on our customers, suppliers, vendors, and other business partners, and each of their financial conditions; however, any material effect on these parties could adversely impact us. The situation is changing rapidly and additional impacts may arise that we are not aware of currently. 

Our success is dependent upon our relationships with certain key customers. 

We have derived and expect to continue to derive a significant portion of our revenues from a relatively limited number of customers. Collectively, our top three customers accounted for approximately 7 and 6 of our consolidated net sales in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Approximately 52 and 47 of our consolidated net sales during 2022 and 2021, respectively, were directly related to industrial machinery and equipment manufacturers and their fabricators. Due to the large concentration of customers in few segments, changes to demand of product by customers in the industrial machinery and equipment manufacturers and their fabricators could have a material adverse effect on our business, our results of operations and our cash flows. Many of our larger customers commit to purchase on a regular basis at agreed upon prices over periods from three to twelve months. We generally do not have long-term contracts with our customers. As a result, the relationship, as well as particular orders, can generally be terminated with relatively little advance notice. The loss of any one of our major customers or decrease in demand by those customers or credit constraints placed on them could have a material adverse effect on our business, our results of operations and our cash flows. 

18

Capital deployed for acquisitions and capital investments at our existing locations may be unable to achieve expected results, or sustain our growth and events or circumstances that could adversely impact operations could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

We have grown through acquisitions and by increasing sales and services to our existing customers, aggressively pursuing new customers and services, building or purchasing new facilities, acquiring and upgrading processing equipment and expanding our product mix in order to expand the range of customer services and products that we offer. We intend to actively pursue our growth strategy in the future. 

Future expansion or construction projects, could have adverse effects on our results of operations due to the impact of the associated start-up costs and the potential for underutilization in the start-up phase of a facility. We continue to pursue potential acquisition targets; however, we are unable to predict whether or when any prospective acquisition candidate will become available or the likelihood that any acquisition will be completed. Moreover, in pursuing acquisition opportunities, we may compete for acquisition targets with other companies with similar growth strategies that may be larger and have greater financial and other resources than we have. Competition among potential acquirers could result in increased prices for acquisition targets. As a result, we may not be able to consummate acquisitions on terms satisfactory to us, or at all. 

The pursuit of acquisitions and other growth initiatives may divert management s time and attention away from day-to-day operations. In order to achieve growth through acquisitions, expansion of current facilities, greenfield construction or otherwise, additional funding sources may be needed and we may not be able to obtain the additional capital necessary to pursue our growth strategy on terms that are satisfactory to us, or at all. 

We continue to invest in processing equipment to support customer demand. Although we have successfully installed new and used processing equipment in the past, we can provide no assurance that future installations will be successful, or achieve expected results. Risks associated with the installations include, but are not limited to: 

a significant use of management and employee time; 

the possibility that the performance of the equipment does not meet expectations; and 

the possibility that delays from the installations may make it difficult for us to maintain relationships with our customers, employees or suppliers. 

Difficulties and delays associated with the installation of new processing equipment could adversely affect our business, our customer service, our results of operations and our cash flows. 

Customer and third-party credit constraints and credit losses could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Some of our customers may experience difficulty obtaining and/or maintaining credit availability. In particular, certain customers that are highly leveraged represent an increased credit risk. Interest rate volatility may further amplify this credit risk. Some customers have reduced their purchases because of these credit constraints. Moreover, our disciplined credit policies have, in some instances, resulted in lost sales. If we have misjudged our credit estimations and they result in future credit losses, lost sales or lost customers, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and our allowance for credit losses. 

Impairment in the carrying value of intangible assets could result in the incurrence of impairment charges and negatively impact our results of operations. 

The net carrying value of intangibles represents non-amortizable goodwill and trade names, covenant not to compete and customer relationships, net of accumulated amortization, related to recent acquisitions. Indefinitely lived assets are evaluated for impairment annually or whenever events or changes in circumstance indicate that the carrying amounts of these assets may not be recoverable. Amortizable intangible assets are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstance indicate that the carrying amounts of these assets may not be recoverable. Impairments to intangible assets may be caused by factors outside our control, such as increased competitive pricing pressures, lower than expected revenue and profit growth rates, changes in discount rates based on changes in the cost of capital (interest rates, etc.), or the loss of a significant customer and could result in the incurrence of impairment charges and negatively impact our results of operations. 

19

Our information technology systems could be negatively affected by cyber security threats. 

Increased global information technology security requirements, vulnerabilities, threats and a rise in sophisticated and targeted cybercrime pose a risk to the security of our systems, networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. The risk has been further enhanced with an increased remote workforce post COVID-19 pandemic. Despite our efforts to protect sensitive information and confidential and personal data, our facilities and systems and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to security breaches. This could lead to disclosure, modification or destruction of proprietary and other key information, ransom payments, production downtimes and operational disruptions, which in turn could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

The failure of our key computer-based systems could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We maintain separate regional legacy computer-based systems in the operation of our business and we depend on these systems to a significant degree, particularly for inventory management. These systems are vulnerable to, among other things, damage or interruption from fire, flood, tornado and other natural disasters, power loss, computer system and network failures, operator negligence, physical and electronic loss of data or security breaches and computer viruses. Although we have secure back-up systems off-site, the destruction or failure of any one of our computer-based systems for any significant period of time could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Our implementation of information systems could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. 

We are in the process of implementing information systems and eliminating our legacy operating systems. The objective is to standardize and streamline business processes and improve support for our service center and fabrication business. Risks associated with the phased implementation include, but are not limited to: 

a significant deployment of capital and a significant use of management and employee time; 

the possibility that the timelines, costs or complexities related to the new system implementation will be greater than expected; 

limitations on the availability and adequacy of proprietary software or consulting, training and project management services, as well as our ability to retain key personnel; 

the possibility that the software, once fully implemented, does not function as planned; 

the possibility that software and implementation vendors may not be able to support the project as planned; 

the possibility that benefits from the systems may be less or take longer to realize than expected; and 

the possibility that disruptions from the implementation may make it difficult for us to maintain relationships with our customers, employees or suppliers. 

Although we have successfully initiated use of the systems at most of our locations, we can provide no assurance that the rollout to the remaining locations will be successful or will occur as planned and without disruption to operations. Difficulties associated with the design and implementation of new information systems could adversely affect our business, our customer service, our results of operations and our cash flows. 

We depend on our senior management team and the loss of any member could prevent us from implementing our business strategy. 

Our success is dependent upon the management and leadership skills of our senior management team. Michael D. Siegal has served as our Executive Chairman of the Board since January 1, 2019, after serving as our Chief Executive Officer since 1984. Richard T. Marabito has served as our Chief Executive Officer since January 1, 2019, after serving as our Chief Financial Officer since 2010, and Richard A. Manson has served as our Chief Financial Officer since January 1, 2019, after serving as our Vice President and Treasurer since 2013. Andrew S. Greiff has served as our President and Chief Operating Officer since January 1, 2020 after serving as our Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer since 2016. The loss of any member of our senior management team or the failure to attract and retain additional qualified personnel could prevent us from implementing our business strategy. We have employment agreements, which include non-competition provisions, with our Chief Executive Officer, our President and Chief Operating Officer, and our Chief Financial Officer that expire on January 1, 2024, January 1, 2025, and January 1, 2027, respectively. 

20

Participation in multiemployer pension plans carry withdrawal liability risks, which could impact our results of operations and financial condition. 

Through our CTI subsidiary, we contribute to one multiemployer pension plan. The risks of participating in the multiemployer plan are different from a single-employer plan in that (i) assets contributed to the multiemployer plan by one employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers, (ii) if a participating employer stops contributing to the plan, the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers, and (iii) if CTI chooses to stop participating in the multiemployer plan, CTI may be required to pay the plan an amount based on the unfunded status of the plan, referred to as a withdrawal liability. Any future withdrawal liability could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Our insurance coverage, customer indemnifications or other liability protections may be unavailable or inadequate to cover all of our significant risks, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

From time to time, we may be subject to litigation incidental to our businesses, including claims for damages arising out of use of our products, claims involving employment matters, cyber security claims and commercial disputes. 

We currently carry insurance from financially strong, highly rated counterparties in established markets to cover significant risks and liabilities. However, our insurance coverage may be inadequate if such claims do arise and any liability not covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our business. Disputes with insurance carriers, including over policy terms, reservation of rights, the applicability of coverage (including exclusions), compliance with provisions (including notice) and/or the insolvency of one or more of our insurers may significantly affect the amount or timing of recovery. Although we have been able to obtain insurance in amounts we believe to be appropriate to cover such liability to date, our insurance premiums may increase in the future as a consequence of conditions in the insurance business generally or our situation in particular. Any such increase could result in lower net income or cause the need to reduce our insurance coverage. In addition, a future claim may be brought against us that could have a material adverse effect on us. 

In some circumstances, we may be entitled to certain legal protections or indemnifications from our customers through contractual provisions, laws, regulations or otherwise. However, these protections are not always available, are typically subject to certain terms or limitations, including the availability of funds, and may not be sufficient to cover all losses or liabilities incurred. 

If insurance coverage, customer indemnifications and/or other legal protections are not available or are not sufficient to cover our risks or losses, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Risks Related to Our Industry 

Our business is highly competitive, and increased competition could reduce our market share and harm our financial performance. 

Our business is highly competitive. We compete with metals service centers and, to a certain degree, metals producers and intermediate metals processors, on a regular basis, primarily on quality, price, inventory availability and the ability to meet the delivery schedules and service requirements of our customers. We have different competitors for each of our products and within each region. Certain of these competitors have financial and operating resources in excess of ours. Increased competition could lower our gross profits or reduce our market share and have a material adverse effect on our financial performance. 

Risks Related to Our Debt 

Although we expect to finance our growth initiatives through borrowings under our ABL Credit Facility, we may have to find additional sources of funding, which could be difficult. Additionally, increased leverage and borrowing rates could adversely impact our business and results of operations. 

We expect to finance our growth initiatives through borrowings under our ABL Credit Facility, which matures on June 16, 2026. However, our ABL Credit Facility may not be sufficient or available to finance our growth initiatives, and we may have to find additional sources of financing. It may be difficult for us in the future to obtain the necessary funds and liquidity on terms acceptable to us, or at all, to run and expand our business. 

21

The borrowings under our ABL Credit Facility are primarily at variable interest rates. If interest rates in the future, which may be highly volatile, were to increase 100 basis points (1.0 from December 31, 2022 rates and, assuming no change in total debt from December 31, 2022 levels, the additional annual interest expense to us would be approximately 0.9 million. 

The discontinuance of the London Interbank Offered Rate, or LIBOR, and adoption of the Secured Overnight Funding Rate, or SOFR, may adversely affected interest expense related to our outstanding debt, including amounts borrowed under the ABL Credit Facility. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 165.7 million of borrowings outstanding that was indexed to LIBOR. On January 3, 2023, the Company entered into a Sixth Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, which amened our existing ABL Credit Facility. This amendment updated the refence rate on these borrowings from LIBOR to SOFR. These changes may result in interest obligations that do not otherwise correlate exactly over time with the payments that would have been made on such debt if LIBOR had been used. We cannot be sure that this change will be without any adverse impacts, but we believe there will be no material impact on our financial position or results of operations 

Regulatory and Environmental Risks 

Quotas and tariffs imposed or removed as a result of government actions can cause significant fluctuations in our operating results. 

Global demand and global metals pricing, supply and demand are impacted by quotas and tariffs imposed as a result of government actions. The tariffs initiated by the U.S. government in 2018 under Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962 (section 232 tariffs) resulted in increased metals prices in the United States. Effective January 1, 2022, the United States and the European Union replaced the existing 25 percent tariff on EU steel products and 10 percent tariff on EU aluminum products with a tariff-rate quota, or TRQ. Under the TRQ arrangement, historically based volumes of EU steel and aluminum products will enter the U.S. without application of Section 232 duties subject to certain conditions. The removal and addition of country-specific tariffs has caused uncertainty in the metals marketplace. Any additional future tariffs or quotas imposed on steel and aluminum imports may increase the price of metal, which may impact our sales, gross margin and profitability if we are unable to pass the increased prices onto our customers. The prolonged imposition of tariffs could also lead to additional trade disputes that could impact the global demand for metals and impact our sales, gross margin and profitability. Conversely, the removal of existing tariffs could cause the price of metal to decline, which may impact our sales, gross margin and profitability. 

Changes in laws or regulations, including tax reform legislation, or the manner of their interpretation or enforcement could adversely impact our financial performance and restrict our ability to operate our business or execute our strategies. 

New laws or regulations, or changes in existing laws or regulations, or the manner of their interpretation or enforcement, could increase our cost of doing business and restrict our ability to operate our business or execute our strategies. In particular, there may be significant changes in U.S. laws and regulations and existing international trade agreements by the current U.S. presidential administration that could affect a wide variety of industries and businesses, including those businesses we own and operate. If the U.S. presidential administration materially modifies U.S. laws and regulations and international trade agreements, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be affected. 

22

We are subject to significant environmental, health and safety laws and regulations and related compliance expenditures and liabilities. 

Our businesses are subject to many federal, state and local environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, particularly with respect to the use, handling, treatment, and disposal of substances and waste used or generated in our manufacturing processes. We have incurred and expect to continue to incur expenditures to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations. Our failure to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations and permit requirements could result in civil or criminal fines or penalties or enforcement actions, including regulatory or judicial orders enjoining or curtailing operations or requiring corrective measures, installation of pollution control equipment or remedial actions. 

We may in the future be required to incur costs relating to the investigation or remediation of property, and for addressing environmental conditions. Some environmental laws and regulations impose liability and responsibility on present and former owners, operators or users of facilities and sites for contamination at such facilities and sites without regard to causation or knowledge of contamination. Consequently, we cannot assure you that existing or future circumstances, the development of new facts or the failure of third parties to address contamination at current or former facilities or properties will not require significant expenditures by us. 

We expect to continue to be subject to environmental and health and safety laws and regulations. It is difficult to predict the future interpretation and development of environmental and health and safety laws and regulations or their impact on our future earnings and operations. We anticipate that compliance will continue to require increased capital expenditures and operating costs. Any increase in these costs, or unanticipated liabilities arising for example, out of discovery of previously unknown conditions or more aggressive enforcement actions, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We may be exposed to certain regulatory and financial risks related to climate change. 

Growing concerns about climate change may result in the imposition of additional regulations or restrictions to which we may become subject. A number of governments or governmental bodies have introduced or are contemplating regulatory changes in response to climate change, including regulating greenhouse gas emissions. The outcome of new legislation or regulation in the United States may result in new or additional requirements, additional charges to fund energy efficient activities, and fees or restrictions on certain activities. Compliance with these climate change initiatives may also result in additional costs to us, including, among other things, increased production costs, additional taxes, reduced emission allowances or additional restrictions on production or operations. Any adopted future climate change regulations could also negatively impact our ability to compete with companies situated in areas not subject to such limitations. Even without such regulation, increased public awareness and adverse publicity about potential impacts on climate change emanating from us or our industry could harm us. We may not be able to recover the cost of compliance with new or more stringent laws and regulations, which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow or financial condition. 

Expectations relating to environmental, social and governance considerations expose us to potential liabilities, increased costs, reputational harm and other adverse effects on our business. 

Many governments, regulators, investors, employees, customers and other stakeholders are increasingly focused on environmental, social and governance (ESG) considerations relating to businesses, including climate change and greenhouse gas emissions, human capital and diversity, equity and inclusion. We make statements about our ESG goals and initiatives through information provided on our website, press statements and other communications. Responding to these ESG considerations and implementation of these goals and initiatives involves risks and uncertainties, requires investments, which could be material, and are impacted by factors that may be outside of our control. In addition, some stakeholders may disagree with our goals and initiatives and the focus of stakeholders may change and evolve over time. Stakeholders also may have very different views on where ESG focus should be placed, including differing views of regulators in various jurisdictions in which we operate. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to achieve our goals, further our initiatives, adhere to our public statements, comply with federal, state or international ESG laws and regulations, or meet evolving and varied stakeholder expectations and standards could result in legal and regulatory proceedings against us and materially adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price. 

23

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

The market price for our common stock may be volatile. 

Historically, there has been volatility in the market price for our common stock. Furthermore, the market price of our common stock could fluctuate substantially in the future in response to a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the risk factors described herein. Examples include: 

changes in commodity prices, especially metals; 

changes in financial estimates or recommendations by stock market analysts regarding us or our competitors; 

the operating and stock performance of other companies that investors may deem comparable; 

developments affecting us, our customers or our suppliers; 

press releases, earnings releases or publicity relating to us or our competitors or relating to trends in the metals service center industry; 

inability to meet securities analysts and investors quarterly or annual estimates or targets of our performance; 

sales of our common stock by large shareholders; 

the amount of shares acquired for short-term investments; 

general domestic or international economic, market and political conditions; 

fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar; 

changes in the legal or regulatory environment affecting our business; and 

announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, dispositions or joint ventures, or other material events impacting the domestic or global metals industry. 

In the past, the stock market has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations. This volatility has had a significant effect on the market prices of securities issued by many companies for reasons unrelated to their specific operating performance. These factors may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock, regardless of actual operating performance. 

In addition, stock markets from time to time experience extreme price and volume fluctuations that may be unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of companies. In the past, some shareholders have brought securities class action lawsuits against companies following periods of volatility in the market price of their securities. We may in the future be the target of similar litigation. Securities litigation, regardless of whether our defense is ultimately successful, could result in substantial costs and divert management s attention and resources. 

Our quarterly results may be volatile. 

Our operating results have varied on a quarterly basis during our operating history and are likely to fluctuate significantly in the future. Our operating results may be below the expectations of our investors or stock market analysts as a result of a variety of factors, including the impact of LIFO expense estimates, many of which are outside of our control. Factors that may affect our quarterly operating results include, but are not limited to, the risk factors listed above. 

Many factors could cause our revenues and operating results to vary significantly in the future. Accordingly, we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our operating results are not necessarily meaningful. Investors should not rely on the results of one quarter as an indication of our future performance. Further, it is our practice not to provide forward-looking sales or earnings guidance and not to endorse any analyst s sales or earnings estimates. Nonetheless, if our results of operations in any quarter do not meet analysts expectations, our stock price could materially decrease. 

Certain provisions in our charter documents and Ohio law could delay or prevent a change in management or a takeover attempt that you may consider to be in your best interest. 

We are subject to Chapter 1704 of the Ohio Revised Code, which prohibits certain business combinations and transactions between an issuing public corporation and an Ohio law interested shareholder for at least three years after the Ohio law interested shareholder attains 10 ownership, unless the Board of Directors of the issuing public corporation approves the transaction before the Ohio law interest shareholder attains 10 ownership. We are also subject to Section 1701.831 of the Ohio Revised Code, which provides that certain notice and informational filings and special shareholder meeting and voting procedures must be followed prior to consummation of a proposed control share acquisition. Assuming compliance with the notice and information filings prescribed by the statute, a proposed control share acquisition may be made only if the acquisition is approved by a majority of the voting power of the issuer represented at the meeting and at least a majority of the voting power remaining after excluding the combined voting power of the interested shares. 

24

Certain provisions contained in our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation and Amended and Restated Code of Regulations and Ohio law could delay or prevent the removal of directors and other management and could make a merger, tender offer or proxy contest involving us that you may consider to be in your best interest more difficult. For example, these provisions: 

allow our Board of Directors to issue preferred stock without shareholder approval; 

provide for our Board of Directors to be divided into two classes of directors serving staggered terms; 

limit who can call a special meeting of shareholders; and 

establish advance notice requirements for nomination for election to the Board of Directors or for proposing matters to be acted upon at shareholder meetings. 

These provisions may discourage potential takeover attempts, discourage bids for our common stock at a premium over market price or adversely affect the market price of, and the voting and other rights of the holders of our common stock. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other shareholders to elect directors other than the candidates nominated by our Board of Directors. 

Principal shareholders who own a significant number of shares of our common stock may have interests that conflict with yours. 

Michael D. Siegal, our Executive Chairman of the Board and one of our largest shareholders, owned approximately 10.9 of our outstanding common stock as of December 31, 2022. Mr. Siegal may have the ability to significantly influence matters requiring shareholder approval. In deciding how to vote on such matters, Mr. Siegal may be influenced by interests that conflict with yours. 

General Risks 

Climate change may cause changes in weather patterns and increase the frequency or severity of weather events and flooding. 

An increase in severe weather events, including those caused by climate change, may adversely impact us, our operations, and our ability to procure raw materials and process and transport our products and could result in an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Extreme weather conditions may increase our costs, temporarily impact our production capabilities or cause damage to our facilities. Severe weather may also adversely impact our suppliers and our customers and their ability to deliver and/or purchase and transport our products. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

25

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We believe that our properties are strategically situated relative to our domestic suppliers, our customers and each other, allowing us to support customers from multiple locations. Product is shipped from the most advantageous facility, regardless of where the customer order is taken. The facilities are located in the hubs of major metals consumption markets, and within a 250 mile radius of most of our customers, a distance approximating the one day driving and delivery limit for truck shipments. 

The following table sets forth certain information concerning our principal properties including which segment s products are serviced out of each location: 

Segment 

Operation 

Location 

Square 

			 Feet 

Function 

Owned or 

			 Leased 

Carbon 

			 Flat 

Specialty 

			 Metals 

			 Flat 

Tube 

			 and 

			 Pipe 

Cleveland 

Bedford Heights, Ohio (1) 

127,000 

Corporate offices, coil processing and distribution center 

Owned 

Bedford Heights, Ohio (1) 

121,500 

Coil and plate processing, distribution center and offices 

Owned 

Bedford Heights, Ohio (1) 

59,500 

Plate processing, distribution center and offices 

Leased (2) 

Dover, Ohio 

62,000 

Plate processing, fabrication and distribution center 

Owned 

Minneapolis 

Plymouth, Minnesota 

196,800 

Coil and plate processing, distribution center and offices 

Owned 

Plymouth, Minnesota 

112,200 

Plate processing, fabrication, distribution center and offices 

Owned 

Chambersburg 

Chambersburg, Pennsylvania 

157,000 

Plate processing, distribution center and offices 

Owned 

Chambersburg, Pennsylvania 

150,000 

Plate processing, fabrication, manufacturing, distribution center and offices 

Owned 

Iowa 

Bettendorf, Iowa 

244,000 

Coil and plate processing, fabrication, distribution center and offices 

Owned 

Winder 

Winder, Georgia 

285,000 

Coil and plate processing, fabrication, distribution center and offices 

Owned 

Buford, Georgia 

120,000 

Coil and plate processing, fabrication, and distribution center 

Leased (3) 

Kentucky 

Mt. Sterling, Kentucky 

100,000 

Plate processing, fabrication and distribution center 

Owned 

Mt. Sterling, Kentucky 

107,000 

Distribution center and offices 

Owned 

Gary 

Gary, Indiana 

183,000 

Coil processing, distribution center and offices 

Owned 

Connecticut 

Milford, Connecticut 

134,000 

Coil processing, distribution center and offices 

Owned 

Chicago 

Schaumburg, Illinois 

122,500 

Coil and sheet processing, distribution center and offices 

Owned 

Bartlett 

Bartlett, Illinois 

81,400 

Coil and sheet processing, fabrication and distribution center 

Leased (4) 

Berlin Metals 

Hammond, Indiana 

117,950 

Coil processing, distribution center and offices 

Leased (5) 

McCullough Industries 

Kenton, Ohio 

75,000 

Manufacturing facility 

Owned 

Streetsboro 

Streetsboro, Ohio 

66,200 

Coil and sheet processing, distribution center and offices 

Owned 

Latrobe, Pennsylvania 

43,200 

Coil and sheet processing, distribution center 

Leased (6) 

Rock Hill 

Rock Hill, South Carolina 

45,075 

Distribution, processing center and offices 

Owned 

Dallas 

Carrollton, Texas 

44,480 

Distribution, processing center and offices 

Owned 

Houston 

Houston, Texas 

30,000 

Distribution, processing center and offices 

Leased (7) 

26

Operation 

Location 

Square 

			 Feet 

Function 

Owned or Leased 

Carbon 

			 Flat 

Specialty 

			 Metals 

			 Flat 

Tube 

			 and 

			 Pipe 

Springdale 

Springdale, Arkansas 

12,200 

Distribution, processing center and offices 

Leased (8) 

Kansas City 

Riverside, Missouri 

11,300 

Distribution, processing center and offices 

Leased (9) 

Powder Springs 

Powder Springs, Georgia 

11,275 

Fabrication and offices 

Leased (10) 

Powder Springs, Georgia 

17,766 

Fabrication 

Leased (11) 

Powder Springs, Georgia 

22,200 

Fabrication 

Leased (12) 

Marietta 

Marietta, Georgia 

11,300 

Distribution and offices 

Leased (13) 

Marietta, Georgia 

26,880 

Distribution and offices 

Leased (14) 

Hiram 

Hiram, Georgia 

16,000 

Fabrication and offices 

Leased (15) 

Albany 

Albany, Georgia 

12,000 

Distribution 

Leased (16) 

Chicago 

Romeoville, Illinois 

363,000 

Corporate offices, fabrication and distribution center 

Owned 

St. Paul 

St. Paul, Minnesota 

132,000 

Distribution center and offices 

Owned 

Charlotte 

Locust, North Carolina 

127,600 

Distribution center, fabrication and offices 

Owned 

Fond du Lac 

Fond du Lac, Wisconsin 

117,000 

Distribution center and offices 

Owned 

Indianapolis 

Indianapolis, Indiana 

79,000 

Distribution center and offices 

Owned 

Des Moines 

Ankeny, Iowa 

50,000 

Distribution center and offices 

Owned 

Owatonna 

Owatonna, Minnesota 

23,000 

Production cutting center 

Owned 

(1) 

The Bedford Heights facilities are all adjacent properties. 

(2) 

This facility is leased from a related party. The lease expires on December 31, 2023, with renewal options. 

(3) 

The lease on this facility expires on July 1, 2027. 

(4) 

The lease on this facility expires on June 30, 2027, with renewal options. 

(5) 

The lease on this facility expires on August 31, 2024, with renewal options. 

(6) 

The lease on this facility expires on May 1, 2024. 

(7) 

The lease on this facility expires on October 31, 2025, with renewal options. 

(8) 

The lease on this facility expires on July 1, 2023, with renewal options. 

(9) 

The lease on this facility expires on January 31, 2026. 

(10) 

The lease on this facility expires on June 30, 2029. 

(11) 

The lease on this facility expires on June 30, 2029. 

(12) 

The lease on this facility expires on June 30, 2029. 

(13) 

The lease on this facility expires on June 30, 2029. 

(14) 

The lease on this facility expires on June 30, 2029. 

(15) 

The lease on this facility expires on June 30, 2029. 

(16) 

The lease on this facility expires on January 1, 2029. 

In addition to the facilities listed above, our executive office is leased and located in Highland Hills, Ohio and we have leased offices located in Media, Pennsylvania; Bonita Springs, Florida; San Antonio, Texas and Monterrey, Mexico. Management believes we will be able to accommodate our capacity needs for the immediate future at our existing facilities. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are party to various legal actions that we believe are ordinary in nature and incidental to the operation of our business. In the opinion of management, the outcome of the proceedings to which we are currently a party will not have a material adverse effect upon our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 

27

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

28

INFORMATION ABOUT OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 

This information is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Instruction 3 of Item 401(b) of Regulation S-K. The following is a list of our executive officers and a brief description of their business experience. Each executive officer will hold office until his or her successor is chosen and qualified. 

Michael D. Siegal, age 70, has served as the Executive Chairman of our Board of Directors since January 2019. He previously served as our Chief Executive Officer from 1984 until December 2018 and as Chairman of our Board of Directors from 1994 until December 2018. From 1984 until January 2001, he also served as our President. He has been employed by us in a variety of capacities since 1974. Mr. Siegal serves on the Board of Directors of Twin City Fan Companies, Ltd. He is currently on the Board of the Development Corporation for Israel and the immediate past Chair of the Board of Trustees of the Jewish Agency for Israel. 

Richard T. Marabito, age 59, has served as our Chief Executive Officer since January 2019. From March 2000 through December 2018, he served as our Chief Financial Officer. He joined us in 1994 as Corporate Controller and served in this capacity until March 2000. He also served as Treasurer from 1994 through 2002 and again from 2010 through 2012. Prior to joining us, Mr. Marabito served as Corporate Controller for a publicly traded wholesale distribution company and was employed by a national accounting firm in its audit department. Mr. Marabito is the Chair of the Metals Service Center Institute (MSCI), a North American metals industry trade association. He serves on the Board of Trustees for the University of Mount Union and has been a Board and Audit Committee member of CBIZ (CBZ: NYSE), one of the nation s top providers of accounting, tax and advisory services, since August 2021. He served as a Board Member of the Make-A-Wish Foundation of Ohio, Kentucky and Indiana and was past Chair of its Northeast Ohio regional board. 

Richard A. Manson, age 54, has served as our Chief Financial Officer since January 2019, and has been employed by us since 1996. From January 2013 through December 2018, he served as our Vice President and Treasurer. From March 2010 through December 2012, he served as our Vice President of Human Resources and Administration. From January 2003 through March 2010, he served as our Treasurer and Corporate Controller. From 1996 through 2002, he served as our Director of Taxes and Risk Management. Prior to joining us, Mr. Manson was employed for seven years by a national accounting firm in its tax department. Mr. Manson is a member of the Board of Directors of Catholic Charities, Diocese of Cleveland and the Advisory Board of Seeds for Liberty. Mr. Manson is a certified public accountant and member of the Ohio Society of Certified Public Accountants and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. 

Andrew S. Greiff, age 61, has served as our President and Chief Operating Officer since January 2020. From August 2016 through December 2019, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. He previously served as President, Specialty Metals from 2011 to 2016 after having joined us in 2009 as Vice President of Specialty Metals. Prior thereto, Mr. Greiff spent 24 years in various positions within the steel industry and served as the President and CEO of his own steel trading company. Mr. Greiff served as a Board Member of the MSCI and a past director of Jewish Big Brother Big Sister and the Anti-Defamation League. 

Lisa K. Christen, age 46, has served as our Vice President Treasurer since January 2023. From January 2019 through December 2022, she served as our Corporate Controller Treasurer. From March 2010 through December 2018, she served as our Corporate Controller. From 1999 through 2010 she served in various positions within the accounting department. Ms. Christen serves as the Treasurer and is a Board Member of Seton Catholic School in Hudson, Ohio and serves on the finance committee of Walsh Jesuit High School, in Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio. Ms. Christen is a certified public accountant and member of the Ohio Society of Certified Public Accountants and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. 

29

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Common Stock 

Our common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol ZEUS. 

Holders of Record 

As of January 31, 2023, we estimate there were approximately 99 holders of record of our common stock. 

Dividends 

We expect to continue to make regular quarterly dividend distributions in the future, subject to the continuing determination by our Board of Directors that the dividend remains in the best interest of our shareholders. Our ABL Credit Facility restricts the aggregate amount of dividends and common stock repurchases that we can pay to 15.0 million annually without limitations. Dividend distributions in excess of 15.0 million require us to (i) maintain availability in excess of 20.0 of the aggregate revolver commitments or (ii) to maintain availability equal to or greater than 15.0 of the aggregate revolver commitments, and we must maintain a pro-forma ratio of EBITDA, minus certain capital expenditures and cash taxes paid to fixed charges of at least 1.00 to 1.00. Any determinations by the Board of Directors to pay cash dividends in the future will take into account various factors, including our financial condition, results of operations, current and anticipated cash needs, plans for expansion and restrictions under our credit agreement and any agreements governing our future debt. We cannot assure you that dividends will be paid in the future or that, if paid, the dividends will be at the same amount or frequency. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

We did not purchase any of our equity securities during the quarter ended December 31, 2022. 

On October 2, 2015, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program of up to 550,000 shares of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock, which could include open market repurchases, negotiated block transactions, accelerated stock repurchases or open market solicitations for shares, all or some of which may be effected through Rule 10b5-1 plans. Any of the repurchased shares will be held in our treasury, or canceled and retired as our Board may determine from time to time. Any repurchases of common stock are subject to the covenants contained in the ABL Credit Facility. Our ABL Credit Facility restricts the aggregate amount of dividends and common stock repurchases that we can pay to 15.0 million annually without limitations. Purchases in excess of 15.0 million require us to (i) maintain availability in excess of 20.0 of the aggregate revolver commitments or (ii) to maintain availability equal to or greater than 15.0 of the aggregate revolver commitments and we must maintain a pro-forma ratio of EBITDA minus certain capital expenditures and cash taxes paid to fixed charges of at least 1.00 to 1.00. The timing and amount of any repurchases under the stock repurchase program will depend upon several factors, including market and business conditions, and limitations under the ABL Credit Facility. Repurchases may be discontinued at any time. As of December 31, 2022, 360,212 shares remain authorized for repurchase under the program. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

We did not have any unregistered sales of equity securities during the quarter ended December 31, 2022. 

30

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

31

ITEM 7. 

MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause a difference include, but are not limited to, those discussed under Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following section is qualified in its entirety by the more detailed information, including our financial statements and the notes thereto, which appears elsewhere in this Annual Report. 

Overview 

We are a leading metals service center that operates in three reportable segments; specialty metals flat products, carbon flat products, and tubular and pipe products. We provide metals processing and distribution services for a wide range of customers. Our specialty metals flat products segment s focus is on the direct sale and distribution of processed aluminum and stainless flat-rolled sheet and coil products, flat bar products, prime tin mill products and fabricated parts. Through the acquisition of Shaw Stainless Alloy, Inc., or Shaw, on October 1, 2021 and Action Stainless Alloys, Inc., or Action Stainless, on December 14, 2020, our specialty metals flat products segment expanded its geographic footprint and enhanced its product offerings in stainless steel and aluminum plate, sheet, angles, rounds, flat bar, tubing and pipe. Shaw also manufactures and distributes stainless steel bollards and water treatment systems. Action Stainless offers a range of processing capabilities, including plasma, laser and waterjet cutting and computer numerical control, or CNC, machining. Our carbon flat products segment s focus is on the direct sale and distribution of large volumes of processed carbon and coated flat-rolled sheet, coil and plate products and fabricated parts. Through acquisitions, our carbon flat products segment expanded its product offerings to include self-dumping metal hoppers and steel and stainless-steel dump inserts for pickup truck and service truck beds. On September 17, 2021, the Company sold substantially all of the assets related to its Detroit operation. The Detroit operation was primarily focused on the distribution of carbon flat-rolled steel to domestic automotive manufacturers and their suppliers and primarily included in the carbon flat-rolled segment. With the recent acquisition of Metal-Fab, on January 3, 2023, our carbon flat products segment will further expand our product offerings to include the manufacture of venting, micro air and clean air products for residential, commercial and industrial applications. Metal-Fab s operational results are not included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, we distribute metal tubing, pipe, bar, valves and fittings and fabricate pressure parts supplied to various industrial markets through our tubular and pipe products segment. Products that require more value-added processing generally have a higher gross profit. Accordingly, our overall gross profit is affected by, among other things, product mix, the amount of processing performed, the demand for and availability of metals, and volatility in selling prices and material purchase costs. We also perform toll processing of customer-owned metals. We sell certain products internationally, primarily in Canada and Mexico. International sales are immaterial to our consolidated financial results and to the individual segments results. 

Our results of operations are affected by numerous external factors including, but not limited to: metals pricing, demand and availability the availability, and increased costs of labor global supply, the level of metals imported into the United States, tariffs, and inventory held in the supply chain general and global business, economic, financial, banking and political conditions competition layoffs or work stoppages by our own, our suppliers or our customers personnel; fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar to foreign currencies; transportation and energy costs pricing and availability of raw materials used in the production of metals and customers ability to manage their credit line availability. The metals industry also continues to be affected by the global consolidation of our suppliers, competitors and end-use customers. 

Like other metals service centers, we maintain substantial inventories of metals to accommodate the short lead times and just-in-time delivery requirements of our customers. Accordingly, we purchase metals in an effort to maintain our inventory at levels that we believe to be appropriate to satisfy the anticipated needs of our customers based upon customer forecasts, historic buying practices, supply agreements with customers and market conditions. Our commitments to purchase metals are generally at prevailing market prices in effect at the time we place our orders. From time to time, we have entered into pass-through nickel swaps at the request of our customers in order to mitigate our customers risk of volatility in the price of metals, and we have entered into metals hedges to mitigate our risk of volatility in the price of metals. We have no long-term, fixed-price metals purchase contracts. When metals prices decline, customer demands for lower prices and our competitors responses to those demands could result in lower sale prices and, consequently, lower gross profits and earnings as we use existing metals inventory. When metals prices increase, competitive conditions will influence how much of the price increase we can pass on to our customers. To the extent we are unable to pass on future price increases in our raw materials to our customers, the net sales and gross profits of our business could be adversely affected. 

32

Reportable Segments 

We operate in three reportable segments: specialty metals flat products, carbon flat products and tubular and pipe products. The specialty metals flat products segment and the carbon flat products segment are at times consolidated and referred to as the flat products segment. Some of the flat products segments assets and resources are shared by the specialty metals and carbon flat products segments and both segments products are stored in the shared facilities and, in some locations, processed on shared equipment. As such, total assets and capital expenditures are reported in the aggregate for the flat products segments. Due to the shared assets and resources, certain of the flat products segment expenses are allocated between the specialty metals flat products segment and the carbon flat products segment based upon an established allocation methodology. 

We follow the accounting guidance that requires the utilization of a management approach to define and report the financial results of operating segments. The management approach defines operating segments along the lines used by the chief operating decision maker, or CODM, to assess performance and make operating and resource allocation decisions. Our CODM evaluates performance and allocates resources based primarily on operating income. Our operating segments are based primarily on internal management reporting. 

Due to the nature of the products sold in each segment, there are significant differences in the segments average selling price and the cost of materials sold. The specialty metals flat products segment generally has the highest average selling price among the three segments followed by the tubular and pipe products segment and carbon flat products segment. Due to the nature of the tubular and pipe products, we do not report tons sold or per ton information. Gross profit per ton is generally higher in the specialty metals flat products segment than the carbon flat products segment. Gross profit as a percentage of net sales is generally higher in the specialty metals flat products and tubular and pipe products segments than the carbon flat products segment. Due to the differences in average selling prices, gross profit and gross profit percentage among the segments, a change in the mix of sales could impact total net sales, gross profit, and gross profit percentage. In addition, certain inventory in the tubular and pipe products segment is valued under the last-in, first-out, or LIFO, method. Adjustments to the LIFO inventory value are recorded to cost of materials sold and may impact the gross margin and gross margin percentage at the consolidated Company and tubular and pipe products segment levels. 

Specialty metals flat products 

The primary focus of our specialty metals flat products segment is on the direct sale and distribution of processed aluminum and stainless flat-rolled sheet and coil products, flat bar products, prime tin mill products and fabricated parts. Through the acquisition of Action Stainless on December 14, 2020 and Shaw on October 1, 2021, our specialty metals flat products segment expanded its geographic footprint and enhanced its product offerings in stainless steel and aluminum plate, sheet, angles, rounds, flat bar, tubing and pipe. Shaw also manufactures and distributes stainless steel bollards and water treatment systems. Action Stainless offers a range of processing capabilities, including plasma, laser and waterjet cutting and CNC machining. We act as an intermediary between metals producers and manufacturers that require processed metals for their operations. We serve customers in various industries, including manufacturers of food service and commercial appliances, agriculture equipment, transportation and automotive equipment. We distribute these products primarily through a direct sales force. 

Carbon flat products 

The primary focus of our carbon flat products segment is on the direct sale and distribution of large volumes of processed carbon and coated flat-rolled sheet, coil and plate products and fabricated parts. Through acquisitions, including the acquisition of Metal-Fab on January 3, 2023, our carbon flat products segment expanded its product offerings to include self-dumping metal hoppers, steel and stainless-steel dump inserts for pickup truck and service truck beds and venting, micro air and clean air products for residential, commercial and industrial applications. We act as an intermediary between metals producers and manufacturers that require processed metals for their operations. We serve customers in most metals consuming industries, including manufacturers and fabricators of transportation and material handling equipment, construction and farm machinery, storage tanks, environmental and energy generation equipment, automobiles, military vehicles and equipment, as well as general and plate fabricators and metals service centers. We distribute these products primarily through a direct sales force. 

Combined, the carbon and specialty metals flat products segments have 34 strategically-located processing and distribution facilities in the United States and one in Monterrey, Mexico. Many of our facilities service both the carbon and the specialty metals flat products segments, and certain assets and resources are shared by the segments. Our geographic footprint allows us to focus on regional customers and larger national and multi-national accounts, primarily located throughout the midwestern, eastern and southern United States. 

33

Tubular and pipe products 

The tubular and pipe products segment consists of the Chicago Tube and Iron, or CTI, business, acquired in 2011. Through our tubular and pipe products segment, we distribute metal tubing, pipe, bar, valve and fittings and fabricate pressure parts supplied to various industrial markets. Founded in 1914, CTI operates from seven locations in the Midwestern and southeastern United States. The tubular and pipe products segment distributes its products primarily through a direct sales force. 

Corporate expenses 

Corporate expenses are reported as a separate line item for segment reporting purposes. Corporate expenses include the unallocated expenses related to managing the entire Company (i.e., all three segments), including compensation for certain personnel, expenses related to being a publicly traded entity such as board of directors expenses, audit expenses, and various other professional fees. 

Results of Operations 

This section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. Discussions of 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K can be found in "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in Part II, Item 7 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 

2022 Compared to 2021 

Our results of operations are impacted by the market price of metals. Metals prices fluctuate significantly and changes to our net sales, cost of materials sold, gross profit, cost of inventory and profitability, are all impacted by industry metals pricing. 

Metals prices in our specialty metals products segment increased during 2022 compared to 2021 due to the unprecedented increase in metal surcharges experienced during 2022. The average price of stainless surcharges increased 40.7 during 2022 compared to 2021. Industry metals pricing on hot rolled coil steel decreased during 2022 by 872 per ton, or 56.8 . Despite the decrease in industry metals pricing during 2022, our average selling prices and average cost of materials sold were higher during 2022 than 2021 in the carbon flat products segment due to contract selling prices and higher inventory costs. Metals pricing for the tubular and pipe products segment lags behind the carbon flat products segment by several months. 

Transactional or spot selling prices generally move in tandem with market price changes, while fixed selling prices typically lag and reset quarterly. Similarly, inventory costs (and, therefore, cost of materials sold) tend to move slower than market selling price changes due to mill lead times and inventory turnover impacting the rate of change in average cost. When average selling prices increase, and net sales increase, gross profit and operating expenses as a percentage of net sales will generally decrease. During 2022, our year-over-year sales volumes were negatively impacted by the sale of our Detroit operations on September 17, 2021, current economic trends and the absence of a large one-time pipe and tube contract shipment in 2021; however, our net sales were positively impacted by the price increases discussed above. 

34

Consolidated Operations 

The following table sets forth certain consolidated income statement data for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars shown in thousands): 

2022 

2021 

of net sales 

of net sales 

Net sales 

2,559,990 

100.0 

2,312,253 

100.0 

Cost of materials sold (a) 

2,073,930 

81.0 

1,802,052 

77.9 

Gross profit (b) 

486,060 

19.0 

510,201 

22.1 

Operating expenses (c) 

352,313 

13.8 

337,735 

14.6 

Operating income 

133,747 

5.2 

172,466 

7.5 

Other loss, net 

45 

0.0 

36 

0.0 

Interest and other expense on debt 

10,080 

0.4 

7,631 

0.3 

Income before income taxes 

123,622 

4.8 

164,799 

7.1 

Income taxes 

32,691 

1.2 

43,748 

1.9 

Net income 

90,931 

3.6 

121,051 

5.2 

(a) Includes 565 and 21,850 of LIFO expense in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

(b) Gross profit is calculated as net sales less the cost of materials sold. 

(c) Operating expenses are calculated as total costs and expenses less the cost of materials sold. 

Net sales increased 247.7 million, or 10.7 , to 2.6 billion in 2022 from 2.3 billion in 2021. Specialty metals flat products net sales increased 190.3 million, or 32.5 , to 776.0 million in 2022 compared to 585.8 million in 2021 and were 30.3 of total net sales in 2022 compared to 25.3 of total net sales in 2021. Carbon flat products net sales increased 12.5 million, or 0.9 , to 1.4 billion in 2022 compared to 1.3 billion in 2021 and were 53.0 of total net sales in 2022 compared to 58.1 of total net sales in 2021. Tubular and pipe products net sales increased 45.0 million, or 11.8 , to 427.4 million in 2022 compared to 382.4 million in 2021 and were 16.7 of total net sales in 2022 compared to 16.5 of total net sales in 2021. The increase in net sales was due to a 26.0 increase in consolidated average selling prices during 2022 compared to 2021 partially offset by a 12.2 decrease in consolidated volume. Average selling prices in 2022 were 2,448 per ton, compared to 1,942 per ton in 2021. The increase in the average selling price is a result of the market pricing dynamics discussed above in Results of Operations. 

Cost of materials sold increased 271.9 million, or 15.1 , to 2.1 billion in 2022 from 1.8 billion in 2021. During 2022, we recorded LIFO expense of 0.6 million compared to LIFO expense of 21.9 million in 2021. The increase in cost of materials sold in 2022 is primarily related to increased metals pricing in 2022 compared to 2021. 

As a percentage of net sales, gross profit (as defined in footnote (b) in the table above) decreased to 19.0 in 2022 from 22.1 in 2021. The decrease in the gross profit as a percentage of net sales is due to the average costs of inventory increasing more quickly than the average selling prices discussed above in Results of Operations. 

Operating expenses (as defined in footnote (c) in the table above) increased 14.6 million, or 4.3 , to 352.3 million in 2022 from 337.7 million in 2021. As a percentage of net sales, operating expenses decreased to 13.8 in 2022 from 14.6 in 2021. Operating expenses in the specialty metals flat products segment increased 19.5 million, operating expenses in the carbon flat products segment decreased 7.3 million, operating expenses in the tubular and pipe products segment decreased 1.9 million, and corporate expenses increased 4.3 million. Operating expenses increased during 2022 as a result of the inclusion of operating expenses related to the October 2021 acquisition of Shaw, increased inflationary impacts on transportation, labor, and other product support costs and increased variable performance-based compensation for the specialty metals flat products and pipe and tubular products segments, partially offset by lower year-over-year variable performance-based incentive compensation for the carbon flat products segment. During 2021, we recorded a 3.5 million gain, net of expenses, on the sale of our Detroit operations on September 17, 2021. 

Interest and other expense on debt totaled 10.1 million in 2022 compared to 7.6 million in 2021. Our effective borrowing rate, exclusive of deferred financing fees and commitment fees, was 3.2 in 2022 compared to 2.5 in 2021. The increased effective borrowing rate is due to higher interest rates compared to 2021. Total average borrowings increased 24.6 million, or 9.6 , to 280.4 million in 2022 from 255.8 million in 2021, primarily related to increased working capital needs in 2022. 

Income before income taxes totaled 123.6 million, or 4.8 of net sales, in 2022, compared to income before taxes of 164.8 million, or 7.1 of net sales, in 2021. 

35

An income tax provision of 26.4 was recorded in 2022, compared to an income tax provision of 26.5 in 2021. 

Net income in 2022 totaled 90.9 million, or 7.87 per basic and diluted share, compared to net income of 121.1 million, or 10.53 per basic and 10.52 per diluted share, in 2021. 

Segment Results of Operations 

Specialty metals flat products 

The following table sets forth certain income statement data for the specialty metals flat products segment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars shown in thousands, except per ton data): 

2022 

2021 

of net 

			 sales 

of net 

			 sales 

Direct tons sold 

135,584 

149,935 

Toll tons sold 

6,508 

7,872 

Total tons sold 

142,092 

157,807 

Net sales 

776,022 

100.0 

585,751 

100.0 

Average selling price per ton 

5,461 

3,712 

Cost of materials sold 

589,472 

76.0 

441,825 

75.4 

Gross profit (a) 

186,550 

24.0 

143,926 

24.6 

Operating expenses (b) 

92,888 

11.9 

73,382 

12.5 

Operating income 

93,662 

12.1 

70,544 

12.0 

(a) Gross profit is calculated as net sales less the cost of materials sold. 

(b) Operating expenses are calculated as total costs and expenses less the cost of materials sold. 

Tons sold in our specialty metals flat product segment decreased 16 thousand tons, or 10.0 , to 142 thousand tons in 2022 from 158 thousand tons in 2021. The decrease in tons sold was due to a shift towards lower volume fabrication and value-added services and current economic trends. We do not report tons sold for our Shaw operation. 

Net sales in our specialty metals flat products segment increased 190.3 million, or 32.5 , to 776.0 million in 2022 from 585.8 million in 2021. The increase in sales was due to a 47.1 increase in average selling prices partially offset by a 10.0 decrease in sales volume during 2022 compared to 2021. Average selling prices in 2022 increased to 5,461 per ton, compared to 3,712 per ton in 2021. The increase in the year over year average selling price per ton is a result of the increased industry metals pricing discussed above in Results of Operations. 

Cost of materials sold increased 147.6 million, or 33.4 , to 589.5 million in 2022 from 441.8 million in 2021. The increase in cost of materials sold was due to the increase in industry metals pricing discussed above in Results of Operations. 

As a percentage of net sales, gross profit (as defined in footnote (a) in the table above) decreased to 24.0 in 2022 from 24.6 in 2021. The average gross profit per ton sold totaled 1,313 in 2022 compared to 912 in 2021. The decrease in the gross profit as a percentage of net sales is due to average selling price decreasing more quickly than the average cost of inventory as discussed above in Results of Operations. 

Operating expenses (as defined in footnote (b) in the table above) increased 19.5 million, or 26.6 , to 92.9 million in 2022 from 73.4 million in 2021. As a percentage of net sales, operating expenses decreased to 12.0 of net sales in 2022 from 12.5 in 2021. The increase in operating expenses was primarily attributable to the inclusion of operating expenses related to the October 2021 acquisition of Shaw, which accounted for 6.1 million of the operating expense increase; increased variable expenses related to variable performance-based incentive compensation; and inflationary impacts on labor, transportation and other product support costs. 

Operating income for 2022 totaled 93.7 million, or 12.1 of net sales, compared to 70.5 million, or 12.0 of net sales, in 2021. 

36

Carbon flat products 

The following table sets forth certain income statement data for the carbon flat products segment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars shown in thousands, except per ton data): 

2022 

2021 

of net 

			 sales 

of net 

			 sales 

Direct tons sold 

777,748 

868,775 

Toll tons sold 

29,171 

52,520 

Total tons sold 

806,919 

921,295 

Net sales 

1,356,605 

100.0 

1,344,150 

100.0 

Average selling price per ton 

1,681 

1,459 

Cost of materials sold 

1,164,459 

85.8 

1,059,620 

78.8 

Gross profit (a) 

192,146 

14.2 

284,530 

21.2 

Operating expenses (b) 

167,131 

12.4 

174,456 

13.0 

Operating income (loss) 

25,015 

1.8 

110,074 

8.1 

(a) Gross profit is calculated as net sales less the cost of materials sold. 

(b) Operating expenses are calculated as total costs and expenses less the cost of materials sold. 

Tons sold decreased 114 thousand tons, or 12.4 , to 807 thousand tons in 2022 from 921 thousand tons in 2021. Toll tons sold decreased 23 thousand tons, or 44.4 , to 29 thousand tons in 2022 from 53 thousand tons in 2021. The decrease in tons sold was primarily due to the sale of our Detroit operations on September 17, 2021. 

Net sales increased 12.5 million, or 0.9 , to 1.4 billion in 2022 from 1.3 billion in 2021. The increase in sales was due to a 15.2 increase in average selling prices offset by a 12.4 decrease in sales volume. Average selling prices in 2022 increased to 1,681 per ton, compared to 1,459 per ton in 2021. 

Cost of materials sold increased 104.8 million, or 9.9 , to 1.2 billion in 2022 from 1.1 billion in 2021. The increase in cost of materials sold was due to increased industry metals pricing discussed above in Results of Operations. 

As a percentage of net sales, gross profit (as defined in footnote (a) in the table above) decreased to 14.2 in 2022 from 21.2 in 2021. The average gross profit per ton sold decreased 71 per ton, or 22.9 , to 238 in 2022 from 309 in 2021. The decrease in gross profit as a percentage of net sales, and per ton, is a result of average selling prices decreasing more quickly than the average cost of inventory as discussed above in Results of Operations. 

Operating expenses in 2022 decreased 7.3 million, or 4.2 , to 167.1 million from 174.5 million in 2021. As a percentage of net sales, operating expenses decreased to 12.3 in 2022 from 13.0 in 2021. Operating expenses decreased primarily due to lower variable performance-based incentive compensation and decreased operating costs due to the sale of our Detroit operations on September 17, 2021 partially offset by increased inflationary impacts on transportation and labor. 

Operating income totaled 25.0 million, or 1.8 of net sales, in 2022 compared to operating income of 110.1 million, or 8.1 of net sales, in 2021. 

Beginning in 2023, the carbon flat-products segment will include the results of Metal-Fab, which we acquired on January 3, 2023. During the first quarter of 2023, we expect to record approximately 4.0 to 5.0 million of required GAAP-related purchase price expenses and adjustments, primarily expensed deal fees, the write-up of inventory to fair market value and the amortization of certain acquired intangible assets. 

37

Tubular and pipe products 

The following table sets forth certain income statement data for the tubular and pipe products segment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars shown in thousands). 

2022 

2021 

of net sales 

of net sales 

Net sales 

427,363 

100.0 

382,352 

100.0 

Cost of materials sold (a) 

319,999 

74.9 

300,607 

78.6 

Gross profit (b) 

107,364 

25.1 

81,745 

21.4 

Operating expenses (c) 

72,508 

16.9 

74,392 

19.4 

Operating income 

34,856 

8.2 

7,353 

1.9 

(a) Includes 565 and 21,850 of LIFO expense in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

(b) Gross profit is calculated as net sales less the cost of materials sold. 

(c) Operating expenses are calculated as total costs and expenses less the cost of materials sold. 

Net sales increased 45.0 million, or 11.8 , to 427.4 million in 2022 from 382.4 million in 2021. The increase in net sales was due to a 28.8 increase in average selling prices offset by a 13.2 decrease in sales volume during 2022. The decrease in sales volume is primarily due to the absence of a large one-time contract shipment in 2021. 

Cost of materials sold increased 19.4 million, or 6.5 , to 320.0 million in 2022 from 300.6 million in 2021. The increase in cost of materials sold is due to increased metals pricing discussed above in Results of Operations. As a result of continued increasing prices, during 2022, our tubular and pipe products segment recorded 0.6 million of LIFO expense, compared to 21.9 million of LIFO expense recorded in 2021. 

As a percentage of net sales, gross profit (as defined in footnote (b) in the table above) increased to 25.1 in 2022 compared to 21.4 in 2021. As a percentage of net sales, the LIFO expense recorded in 2022 decreased gross profit by 0.2 compared to the LIFO expense recorded in 2021, which decreased gross profit by 5.7 . 

Operating expenses (as defined in footnote (c) in the table above) decreased 1.9 million, or 2.5 , to 72.5 million in 2022 from 74.4 million in 2021. As a percentage of net sales, operating expenses decreased to 16.9 in 2022 compared to 19.4 in 2021. Operating expenses decreased as a result of the 2.1 million gain on sale of the Milan, Iowa facility in the first quarter of 2022; partially offset by increased inflationary impacts on labor, transportation, variable performance-based incentive compensation and other product support costs. 

Operating income for 2022 totaled 34.9 million, or 8.2 of net sales, compared to 7.4 million, or 1.9 of net sales, in 2021. 

Corporate expenses 

Corporate expenses increased 4.3 million, or 27.6 , to 19.8 million in 2022 compared to 15.5 million in 2021. Corporate expense increased as a result of the 3.5 million gain, net of expenses recorded, on the sale of our Detroit operation on September 17, 2021, partially offset by decreased variable performance-based incentive compensation. 

Liquidity, Capital Resources and Cash Flows 

Our principal capital requirements include funding working capital needs, purchasing, upgrading and acquiring processing equipment and facilities, making acquisitions and paying dividends. We use cash generated from operations and borrowings under our asset-based credit facility, or ABL Credit Facility, to fund these requirements. 

We believe that funds available under our ABL Credit Facility, together with funds generated from operations, will be sufficient to provide us with the liquidity necessary to fund anticipated working capital requirements, capital expenditure requirements, our dividend payments and any share repurchases and business acquisitions over at least the next 12 months and for the foreseeable future thereafter. In the future, we may as part of our business strategy, acquire and dispose of assets or other companies in the same or complementary lines of business, or enter into or exit strategic alliances and joint ventures. Accordingly, the timing and size of our capital requirements are subject to change as business conditions warrant and opportunities arise. 

38

2022 Compared to 2021 

Operating Activities 

During 2022, we generated 185.9 million of cash from operations, of which 111.8 million was generated from operating activities and 74.1 million was generated from working capital. Net cash from operations during 2022 was primarily comprised of net income of 90.9 million and the 20.2 million addback of non-cash depreciation and amortization expense. During 2021, we used 146.4 million of net cash for operations, of which 137.5 million was generated from operating activities and 284.9 million was used for working capital needs. Net cash from operations during 2021 was primarily comprised of net income of 121.1 million and the 21.0 million addback of non-cash depreciation and amortization expense. 

Working capital at December 31, 2022 totaled 493.4 million, a 71.7 million decrease from December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily attributable to a 68.1 million decrease in inventory, a 64.8 million decrease in accounts receivable, and a 0.8 million decrease in prepaid expenses and other, offset by a 47.2 million decrease in accounts payable and outstanding checks and a 12.4 million decrease in accrued payroll and other accrued liabilities. 

Investing Activities 

Net cash used for investing activities was 16.6 million during 2022, compared to 13.5 million during 2021. Investment activities in 2022 included 19.9 million of capital expenditures, primarily attributable to processing equipment at our existing facilities offset by 3.3 million in proceeds from disposition of property and equipment, primarily attributable to the sale of the Milan, Iowa facility. Investment activities in 2021 included the acquisition of Shaw for 12.1 million and 11.0 million of capital expenditures, primarily attributable to processing equipment at our existing facilities. Net proceeds from the sale of property and equipment of our Detroit operation totaled 9.5 million. During 2023, we expect our capital spending to exceed our annual depreciation expense. 

Financing Activities 

During 2022, 166.9 million of cash was used for financing activities, which primarily consisted of 162.1 million of net repayments under our ABL Credit Facility, 4.0 million of dividends paid, 0.7 million of principal payments for financing lease obligations and a 0.1 million payment for credit facility fees and expenses. During 2021, 164.1 million of cash was generated from financing activities, which primarily consisted of 167.2 million of net borrowings under our ABL Credit Facility, offset by 1.3 million of credit facility fees and expenses related to our refinancing, 0.9 million of dividends paid and 0.8 million of principal payments for financing lease obligations. 

In February 2023, our Board of Directors approved a regular quarterly dividend of 0.125 per share, which is payable on March 15, 2023 to shareholders of record as of March 1, 2023. Our Board previously approved 2022 and 2021 regular quarterly dividends of 0.09 per share and 0.02 per share, respectively, which were paid in March, June, September and December of 2022 and 2021. Dividend distributions in the future are subject to the availability of cash, limitations on cash dividends under our ABL Credit Facility and continuing determination by our Board of Directors that the payment of dividends remains in the best interest of our shareholders. 

In January 2023, we purchased all of the outstanding shares of capital stock of Metal-Fab for a cash purchase price of 131.0 million, subject to a final working capital adjustment, using borrowings under our ABL Credit Facility, the availability of which was increased from 475 million to 625 million. 

Stock Repurchase Program 

In 2015, our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program of up to 550,000 shares of our issued and outstanding common stock, which could include open market repurchases, negotiated block transactions, accelerated stock repurchases or open market solicitations for shares, all or some of which may be effected through Rule 10b5-1 plans. Repurchased shares will be held in our treasury, or canceled and retired as our Board of Directors may determine from time to time. Any repurchases of common stock are subject to the covenants contained in the ABL Credit Facility. Under the ABL Credit Facility, we may repurchase common stock and pay dividends up to 15.0 million in the aggregate during any trailing twelve months without restrictions. Purchases in excess of 15.0 million require us to (i) maintain availability in excess of 20 of the aggregate revolver commitments 95.0 million at December 31, 2022) or (ii) to maintain availability equal to or greater than 15 of the aggregate revolver commitments 71.3 million at December 31, 2022) and we must maintain a pro forma ratio of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA, minus certain capital expenditures and cash taxes paid to fixed charges of at least 1.00 to 1.00. The timing and amount of any repurchases under the stock repurchase program will depend upon several factors, including market and business conditions, and limitations under the ABL Credit Facility, and repurchases may be discontinued at any time. As of December 31, 2022, 360,212 shares remain authorized for repurchase under the program. 

39

There were no shares repurchased during 2022. During 2021 we repurchased 15,000 shares for an aggregate cost of 0.1 million. 

At- the-Market Equity Program 

On September 3, 2021, we commenced an at-the-market, or ATM, equity program under our shelf registration statement, which allows us to sell and issue up to 50 million in shares of our common stock from time to time. We entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement on September 3, 2021 with KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., or KeyBanc, relating to the issuance and sale of shares of common stock pursuant to the program. KeyBanc is not required to sell any specific amount of securities but will act as our sales agent using commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices, on mutually agreed terms between KeyBanc and us. KeyBanc will be entitled to compensation for shares sold pursuant to the program of 2.0 of the gross proceeds of any shares of common stock sold under the Equity Distribution Agreement. No shares were sold under the ATM program during 2022 or 2021. 

Debt Arrangements 

We are parties to a Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, as amended which provides for a 625 million ABL Credit Facility consisting of: (i) a revolving credit facility of up to 595 million, including a 20 million sub-limit for letters of credit, and (ii) a first in, last out revolving credit facility of up to 30 million. Under the terms of the ABL Credit Facility, we may, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, request additional commitments under the revolving credit facility in the aggregate principal amount of up to 200 million to the extent that existing or new lenders agree to provide such additional commitments and add real estate as collateral at our discretion. The ABL Credit Facility matures on June 16, 2026. 

The ABL Credit Facility contains customary representations and warranties and certain covenants that limit our ability to, among other things: (i) incur or guarantee additional indebtedness (ii) pay distributions on, redeem or repurchase capital stock or redeem or repurchase subordinated debt (iii) make investments (iv) sell assets (v) enter into agreements that restrict distributions or other payments from restricted subsidiaries to us (vi) incur or suffer to exist liens securing indebtedness (vii) consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of their assets and (viii) engage in transactions with affiliates. In addition, the ABL Credit Facility contains a financial covenant which provides that: (i) if any commitments or obligations are outstanding and our availability is less than the greater of 30 million or 10.0 of the aggregate amount of revolver commitments 47.5 million at December 31, 2022) or 10.0 of the aggregate borrowing base 47.5 million at December 31, 2022), then we must maintain a ratio of EBITDA minus certain capital expenditures and cash taxes paid to fixed charges of at least 1.00 to 1.00 for the most recent twelve fiscal month period. 

We have the option to borrow under its revolver based on the agent s base rate plus a premium ranging from 0.00 to 0.25 or the London Interbank Offered Rate, or LIBOR, plus a premium ranging from 1.25 to 2.75 . 

As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with our covenants and had approximately 305.6 million of availability under the ABL Credit Facility. 

As of December 31, 2022, 1.2 million of bank financing fees were included in Prepaid expenses and other and Other long-term assets on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The financing fees are being amortized over the five-year term of the ABL Credit Facility and are included in Interest and other expense on debt on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). 

On January 10, 2019, we entered into a five-year forward starting fixed rate interest rate hedge in order to eliminate the variability of cash interest payments on 75 million of the outstanding LIBOR based borrowings under the ABL Credit Facility. The interest rate hedge fixed the rate at 2.57 . 

40

Contractual and Other Obligations 

The following table reflects the material cash requirements for our contractual and other obligations as of December 31, 2022. We believe that funds available under our ABL Credit Facility, together with funds generated from operations, will be sufficient to provide us with the liquidity necessary to satisfy these obligations in the short-term over the next 12 months and also in the long-term beyond the next 12 months. 

Contractual and Other Obligations 

Less than 

More than 

(amounts in thousands) 

Total 

1 year 

1-3 years 

3-5 years 

5 years 

Long-term debt obligations 

(a) 

165,658 

- 

- 

165,658 

- 

Interest obligations 

(b) 

33,164 

8,690 

19,905 

4,569 

- 

Finance lease obligations 

(c) 

1,708 

640 

867 

198 

3 

Unrecognized tax positions 

(d) 

220 

10 

210 

- 

- 

Other long-term liabilities 

(e) 

12,464 

- 

7,641 

3,490 

1,333 

Total contractual and other obligations 

213,214 

9,340 

28,623 

173,915 

1,336 

(a) 
			 
			 See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

(b) 
			 
			 Future interest obligations are calculated using the debt balances and interest rates in effect on December 31, 2022. 

(c) 
			 
			 See Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

(d) 
			 
			 See Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Classification is based on expected settlement dates and the expiration of certain statutes of limitations. 

(e) 
			 
			 Consists of retirement liabilities, long-term cash incentives and deferred compensation payable in future years. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

An off-balance sheet arrangement is any contractual arrangement involving an unconsolidated entity under which a company has (a) made guarantees, (b) a retained or a contingent interest in transferred assets, (c) any obligation under certain derivative instruments or (d) any obligation under a material variable interest in an unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk or credit risk support to a company, or engages in leasing, hedging, or research and development services within a company. 

Other than derivative instruments discussed in Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, as of December 31, 2022, we had no material off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Effects of Inflation 

Inflation generally affects us by increasing the cost of employee wages and benefits, transportation services, energy, borrowings under our credit facility, processing equipment, and purchased metals. Although general inflation, excluding increases in the price of metals and increased labor and distribution expense, has increased during 2022, it has not had a material effect on our financial results during the past three years, but may have a significant impact in future years. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

This discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements. Actual results could differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. On an on-going basis, we monitor and evaluate our estimates and assumptions. 

We believe the accounting estimates employed are appropriate and the resulting balances are reasonable; however, due to the inherent uncertainties in developing estimates, actual results could differ from the original estimates, requiring adjustments to these balances in future periods. See Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements for our significant accounting policies related to our critical accounting estimates. 

41

Allowance for Credit Losses 

The allowance for credit losses is maintained at a level considered appropriate based on historical experience and specific customer collection issues that we have identified. Estimations are based upon the application of a historical collection rate to the outstanding accounts receivable balance, which remains fairly level from year to year, and judgments about the probable effects of economic conditions on certain customers, which can fluctuate significantly from year to year. We cannot be certain that the rate of future credit losses will be similar to past experience. We consider all available information when assessing the adequacy of our allowance for credit losses each quarter. 

Valuation of Inventory 

Non-LIFO inventories are stated at the lower of its cost or net realizable value. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation. LIFO inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Market is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less reasonable predictable costs of completion. Inventory costs include the costs of purchased metal, inbound freight, external and internal processing and applicable labor and overhead costs. 

The cost of our specialty metals and carbon flat products segments inventories, including flat-rolled sheet, coil and plate products are determined using the specific identification method. 

Certain inventoried products of our tubular and pipe segment are stated under the LIFO method. At December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, approximately 46.3 million, or 11.1 of consolidated inventory, and 55.4 million, or 11.4 of consolidated inventory, respectively, was reported under the LIFO method of accounting. The cost of the remainder of our tubular and pipe product segment s inventory is determined using a weighted average rolling first-in, first-out (FIFO) method. 

On the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), Costs of materials sold consists of the cost of purchased metals, inbound and internal transfer freight, external processing costs, and LIFO income or expense. 

Valuation of Deferred Tax Assets 

The ability to realize deferred tax assets depends on the ability to generate sufficient taxable income within the carryback or carryforward periods provided for in the tax law for each applicable tax jurisdiction. The assessment regarding whether a valuation allowance is required or should be adjusted is based on an evaluation of possible sources of taxable income and also considers all available positive and negative evidence factors. Deferred income taxes on the consolidated balance sheet include, as an offset to the estimated temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts on the consolidated balance sheets, the tax effect of operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. If we determine that we will not be able to fully realize a deferred tax asset, we will record a valuation allowance to reduce such deferred tax asset to its net realizable value. We recognize the financial statement benefit of a tax position only after determining that the relevant tax authority would more likely than not sustain the position following an audit. For tax positions meeting the more-likely-than-not threshold, the amount recognized in the financial statements is the largest benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with the relevant tax authority. 

Impact of Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

In March 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, issued Accounting Standards Update, or ASU, No. 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting . The objective of this ASU is to ease the potential burden in accounting for (or recognizing the effects of) reference rate reform on financial reporting. The amendments in this ASU are elective and apply to all entities, subject to meeting certain criteria, that have contracts, hedging relationships and other transactions that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued because of reference rate reform. Then in December 2022, the FASB issued ASU No. 2022-06 Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848 which amends and extends the sunset date to December 31, 2024. We plan to elect to adopt this ASU in the first quarter of 2023 for the modification of the interest rate hedge, however, we do not expect the adoption during the first quarter of 2023 to have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 

42

In December 2019, the FASB, issued ASU No. 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes. The objective of this ASU is to simplify the accounting for income taxes by removing certain exceptions to general principles in ASC 740 and by clarifying and amending existing guidance within U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. ASU 2019-12 is effective for public business entities for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after December 15, 2020. Different components of the guidance require retrospective, modified retrospective or prospective adoption, and early adoption is permitted. The adoption of this ASU during the first quarter of 2021 did not have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 

43

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Our principal raw materials are carbon, coated and stainless steel, and aluminum, pipe and tube, flat rolled coil, sheet and plate that we typically purchase from multiple primary metals producers. The metals industry as a whole is cyclical and, at times, pricing and availability of metals can be volatile due to numerous factors beyond our control, including general domestic and international economic conditions, the levels of metals imported into the United States, labor costs, sales levels, competition, levels of inventory held by other metals service centers, consolidation of metals producers, new global capacity by metals producers, higher raw material costs for the producers of metals, import duties and tariffs and currency exchange rates. This volatility can significantly affect the availability and cost of raw materials for us. 

Like many other metals service centers, we maintain substantial inventories of metals to accommodate the short lead times and just in time delivery requirements of our customers. Accordingly, we purchase metals in an effort to maintain our inventory at levels that we believe to be appropriate to satisfy the anticipated needs of our customers based upon historic buying practices, supply agreements with customers and market conditions. Our commitments to purchase metals are generally at prevailing market prices in effect at the time we place our orders. We have no long term, fixed price metals purchase contracts. When metals prices increase, competitive conditions will influence how much of the price increase we can pass on to our customers. To the extent we are unable to pass on future price increases in our raw materials to our customers, the net sales and profitability of our business could be adversely affected. When metals prices decline, customer demands for lower prices and our competitors responses to those demands could result in lower sale prices and, consequently, lower gross profits and inventory lower of cost or market adjustments as we sell existing inventory. Significant or rapid declines in metals prices or reductions in sales volumes could adversely impact our ability to remain in compliance with certain financial covenants in our credit facility, as well as result in us incurring inventory or intangible asset impairment charges. Changing metals prices therefore could significantly impact our net sales, gross profits, operating income and net income. 

Rising metals prices result in higher working capital requirements for us and our customers. Some customers may not have sufficient credit lines or liquidity to absorb significant increases in the price of metals. While we have generally been successful in the past in passing on producers price increases and surcharges to our customers, there is no guarantee that we will be able to pass on price increases to our customers in the future. Declining metals prices have generally adversely affected our net sales and net income, while increasing metals prices have generally favorably affected our net sales and net income. 

Approximately 52 , 47 and 45 of our consolidated net sales in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, were directly related to industrial machinery and equipment manufacturers and their fabricators. 

Inflation generally affects us by increasing the cost of employee wages and benefits, transportation services, energy, borrowings under our credit facility, processing equipment, and purchased metals. Although general inflation, excluding increases in the price of metals and increased labor and distribution expense, has increased during 2022, it has not had a material effect on our financial results during the past three years, but may have a significant impact in future years. 

We are exposed to the impact of fluctuating metals prices and interest rate changes. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, we entered into metals swaps at the request of customers. These derivatives have not been designated as hedging instruments. For certain customers, we enter into contractual relationships that entitle us to pass-through the economic effect of trading positions that we take with other third parties on our customers behalf. 

Our primary interest rate risk exposure results from variable rate debt. If interest rates in the future were to increase 100 basis points (1.0 from December 31, 2022 rates and, assuming no change in total debt from December 31, 2022 levels, the additional annual interest expense to us would be approximately 0.9 million. We have the option to enter into 30- to 180-day fixed base rate LIBOR loans under the revolving credit facility provided by our ABL Credit Facility. 

On January 10, 2019, we entered into a five-year interest rate swap that locked the interest rate at 2.567 on 75 million of our revolving debt. 

44

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Olympic Steel, Inc. 

Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms (PCAOB ID Number 

46 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

49 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
			 
			 50 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

51 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

52 

Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

53 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

54 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

55 

Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

75 

45

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Board of Directors and Shareholders 

 Olympic Steel, Inc. 

Opinion on the financial statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Olympic Steel, Inc. (an Ohio corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss), shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule included under Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ), and our report dated February 24, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. 

Basis for opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical audit matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Inventory Valuation 

As described further in Note 1, inventories not stated under the last-in, first-out (LIFO) method, are stated at the lower of its cost or net realizable value and inventories stated under the LIFO method, are stated at the lower of its cost or market value. Inventory costs include the costs of the purchased metals, inbound freight, external and internal processing and applicable labor and overhead costs. Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation. Market value is typically replacement cost unless it exceeds net realizable value. At December 31, 2022, the Company s net inventory balance was 416.9 million. We identified inventory valuation as a critical audit matter. 

46

The principal consideration for our determination that inventory valuation is a critical audit matter is that auditing management s evaluation of the estimates of the inventories net realizable value or market value is challenging due to the high degree of subjective auditor judgment necessary in evaluating management s assumptions of reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation costs and sales prices. These significant assumptions are forward-looking and could be affected by future economic and market conditions. 

Our audit procedures related inventory valuation included the following, among others: 

We tested the design and operating effectiveness of the control over the Company s inventory carrying value adjustment determination process. 

We analyzed the changing price of metals using data obtained from third party sources to assess pricing trends that could result in a lower of cost or net realizable value or market value adjustment and compared the trends we identified to the assumptions used by management in their analysis. 

We selected a sample of sales invoices from the subsequent period and compared the selling price per the invoice to the cost of the finished goods inventory on hand at December 31, 2022, deducting applicable costs to sell the product, to determine if the inventory cost was less than net realizable value or market value. We evaluated the sales price per the invoice to corroborate our understanding of future sales prices. 

We performed a sensitivity analysis on management s estimated costs to complete, dispose, and transport the inventory items and related sales prices. 

The procedures performed included consideration of whether the information tested was consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

February 24, 2023 

47

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Board of Directors and Shareholders 

 Olympic Steel, Inc. 

Opinion on internal control over financial reporting 

We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Olympic Steel, Inc. (an Ohio corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, and our report dated February 24, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 

Basis for opinion 

The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting 

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 

Cleveland, Ohio 

 February 24, 2023 

48

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. 

Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) , issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 

Based on our assessment, we concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria. 

The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Grant Thornton LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which appears herein. 

49

Olympic Steel, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

 For The Years Ended December 31, 

 (in thousands, except per share data) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net sales 

Costs and expenses 

Cost of materials sold (excludes items shown separately below) 

Warehouse and processing 

Administrative and general 

Distribution 

Selling 

Occupancy 

Depreciation 

Amortization 

Total costs and expenses 

Operating income 

Other loss, net 

Income before interest and income taxes 

Interest and other expense on debt 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Income tax provision (benefit) 

Net income (loss) 

Gain (loss) on cash flow hedges 

Tax effect of hedges 

Total comprehensive income (loss) 

Net income (loss) per share - basic 

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic 

Net income (loss) per share - diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted 

Dividends declared per share of common stock 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements. 

50

Olympic Steel, Inc. 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets 

 As of December 31, 

 (in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories, net (includes LIFO reserves of and of as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 

Prepaid expenses and other 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, at cost 

Accumulated depreciation 

Net property and equipment 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets, net 

Other long-term assets 

Right-of use assets, net 

Total assets 

Liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued payroll 

Other accrued liabilities 

Current portion of lease liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Credit facility revolver 

Other long-term liabilities 

Deferred income taxes 

Lease liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) 

Shareholders' Equity 

Preferred stock, without par value, shares authorized, shares issued or outstanding 

Common stock, without par value, shares authorized; and issued; and shares outstanding 

Treasury stock, at cost, and shares held 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

Retained earnings 

Total shareholders' equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements. 

51

Olympic Steel, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

 For The Years Ended December 31, 

 (in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash from (used for) operating activities. 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash from (used for) operating activities - 

Depreciation and amortization 

(Gain) loss on disposition of property and equipment 

Gain on disposition of Detroit operation (before expenses of 

Stock-based compensation 

Intangibles and other long-term assets 

Deferred income taxes and other long-term liabilities 

Changes in working capital: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other 

Accounts payable 

Change in outstanding checks 

Accrued payroll and other accrued liabilities 

Net cash from (used for) operating activities 

Cash flows from (used for) investing activities: 

Acquisitions 

Capital expenditures 

Proceeds from sale of Detroit property and equipment 

Proceeds from disposition of property and equipment 

Net cash used for investing activities 

Cash flows from (used for) financing activities: 

Credit facility revolver borrowings 

Credit facility revolver repayments 

Principal payments under finance lease obligation 

Credit facility fees and expenses 

Repurchase of common stock 

Dividends paid 

Net cash from (used for) financing activities 

Cash and cash equivalents: 

Net change 

Beginning balance 

Ending balance 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements.. 

52

Olympic Steel, Inc. 

 Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information 

 For The Years Ended December 31, 

 (in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 

The Company incurred financing lease obligations of 0.4 million, 0.0 million and 1.4 million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. This non-cash transaction has been excluded from the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements 

53

Olympic Steel, Inc. 

 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 

 For The Years Ended December 31, 

 (in thousands) 

Accumulated 

Other 

Common 

Treasury 

Comprehensive 

Retained 

Total 

Stock 

Stock 

Income (Loss) 

Earnings 

Equity 

Balance at December 31, 2019 

Net loss 

Payment of dividends 

Stock-based compensation 

Stock repurchase 

Change in fair value of hedges 

Other 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Net income 

Payment of dividends 

Stock-based compensation 

Change in fair value of hedges 

Other 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Net income 

Payment of dividends 

Stock-based compensation 

Change in fair value of hedges 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements. 

54

Olympic Steel, Inc. 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 For The Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

, and of its total steel requirements from its three largest suppliers in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

, and of consolidated net sales in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In addition, the Company s largest customer accounted for approximately , and of consolidated net sales in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Sales to industrial machinery and equipment manufacturers and their fabricators accounted for , and of consolidated net sales in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

million, or of consolidated inventory, and million, or of consolidated inventory, respectively, was reported under the LIFO method of accounting. The cost of the remainder of tubular and pipe product segment s inventory is determined using a weighted average rolling first-in, first-out (FIFO) method. 

years. The Company capitalizes the costs of obtaining or developing internal-use software, including directly related payroll costs. The Company amortizes those costs over five years, beginning when the software is ready for its intended use. 

million. Shaw is a full-line distributor of stainless steel sheet, pipe, tube, bar and angles. Shaw also manufactures and distributes stainless steel bollards and water treatment systems. The acquisition includes Shaw's stainless-steel distribution and fabrication businesses as well as its architectural and barrier defense businesses. As of the effective date of the acquisition, Shaw s results are included in the Company s specialty metals flat products segment. Upon the acquisition, the Company entered into an amendment to its credit facility to include the eligible assets of Shaw as collateral. 

On December 14, 2020, the Company acquired substantially all of the net assets of Action Stainless, based outside of Dallas, Texas, for million. Action Stainless is a full line distributor of stainless steel and aluminum plate, sheet, angles, rounds, flat bar, tubing and pipe and offers a wide range of processing capabilities including plasma, laser and waterjet cutting and CNC machining. As of the effective date of the acquisition, Action Stainless results are included in the Company s specialty metals flat products segment. Upon the acquisition, the Company entered into an amendment to its credit facility to include the eligible assets of Action Stainless as collateral. 

The acquisitions are not considered significant and thus pro forma information has not been provided. The acquisitions were accounted for as business combinations and the assets and liabilities were valued at fair market value. The table below summarizes the final purchase price allocation of the fair market values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. 

Inventories 

Property and equipment 

Prepaid expenses and other 

Goodwill 

Intangible assets 

Total assets acquired 

Total liabilities assumed 

Cash paid 

The purchase price allocations presented above are based upon management s estimate of the fair value of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities using Level 3 valuation techniques including income, cost and market approaches. The fair value estimates involve the use of estimates and assumptions, including, but not limited to, the timing and amounts of future cash flows, revenue growth rates, discount rates, and royalty rates. The total liabilities assumed for Action Stainless include an immaterial earn-out amount. 

million plus a working capital adjustment of million, which was settled on February 8, 2022. The working capital adjustment is included in Accounts Receivable, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2021. The sale price included million for property and equipment and the remaining assets and liabilities were sold at fair value, which equaled carrying value. The Detroit operation was primarily focused on the distribution of carbon flat-rolled steel to domestic automotive manufacturers and their suppliers. The sale of the Detroit operation does not indicate a strategic shift in the Company s operations. The gain on the sale net of associated professional and legal fees totaled million and is included in Administrative and general in the Corporate segment in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the year ended December 31, 2021. The operating results of the Detroit operation were included in the flat-products segments prior to the disposition. 

Transfer of control is assessed based on the use of the product distributed and rights to payment for performance under the contract terms. Transfer of control and revenue recognition for substantially all of the Company s sales occur upon shipment or delivery of the product, which is when title, ownership and risk of loss pass to the customer and is based on the applicable shipping terms. The shipping terms depend on the customer contract. An invoice for payment is issued at time of shipment and terms are generally net 30 days. The Company has certain fabrication contracts in one business unit for which revenue is recognized over time as performance obligations are achieved. This fabrication business is not material to the Company's consolidated results. 

Within the metals industry, revenue is frequently disaggregated by products sold. The tables below disaggregates the Company s revenues by segment and products sold for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Plate 

Cold Rolled 

Coated 

Specialty 

Pipe Tube 

Other 

Total 

Plate 

Cold Rolled 

Coated 

Specialty 

Pipe Tube 

Other 

Total 

Plate 

Cold Rolled 

Coated 

Specialty 

Pipe Tube 

Other 

Total 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Credit loss expense totaled million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The allowance for credit losses is maintained at a level considered appropriate based on historical experience, specific customer collection issues that have been identified, current market conditions and estimates for supportable forecasts when appropriate. Estimations are based upon a calculated percentage of accounts receivable, which remains fairly level from year to year, and judgments about the probable effects of economic conditions on certain customers, which can fluctuate significantly from year to year. The Company cannot guarantee that the rate of future credit losses will be similar to past experience. The Company considers all available information when assessing the adequacy of its allowance for credit losses and unissued credits. 

Processed and finished 

Total 

During 2022, the Company recorded million of LIFO expense as a result of increased metals pricing during 2022. The LIFO expense decreased the Company s inventory balance and increased its cost of materials sold. During 2021, the Company recorded million of LIFO expense as a result of increased metals pricing during 2021. The LIFO expense decreased the Company s inventory balance and increased its cost of materials sold. 

Our pipe and tubular inventory quantities were reduced during 2022 and 2021 resulting in a liquidation of LIFO inventory layers (a LIFO decrement). A LIFO decrement results in the erosion of layers created in earlier years, and, therefore, a LIFO layer is not created for years that have decrements. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the effect of the LIFO decrement impacted cost of materials sold by an immaterial amount. 

If the FIFO method had been in use, inventories would have been million and million higher than reported at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Land improvements 

- 

Buildings and improvements 

- 

Machinery and equipment 

- 

Furniture and fixtures 

- 

Computer software and equipment 

- 

Vehicles 

- 

Financing lease 

- 

Construction in progress 

- 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Net property and equipment 

Leasehold improvements are included with buildings and improvements and are depreciated over the life of the lease or seven years, whichever is less. 

Construction in progress as of December 31, 2022 primarily consisted of payments for additional processing equipment, equipment and building upgrades to our existing facilities that were not yet placed into service. Construction in progress as of December 31, 2021, primarily consisted of payments for additional processing equipment at our existing facilities that were not yet placed into service. 

Acquisitions 

Impairments 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Acquisitions 

Impairments 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Intangible assets, net, consisted of the following as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively: 

Covenant not to compete - subject to amortization 

Trade name - not subject to amortization 

- 

Covenant not to compete - subject to amortization 

Trade name - not subject to amortization 

- 

The useful life of the customer relationships was determined to be ten to years, based primarily on the consistent and predictable revenue source associated with the existing customer base, the present value of which extends through the amortization period. The useful life of the non-compete agreements was determined to be the length of the non-compete agreements, which range from one to five years. The useful life of the trade names was determined to be indefinite primarily due to their history and reputation in the marketplace, the Company s expectation that the trade names will continue to be used, and the conclusion that there are currently no other factors identified that would limit their useful life. The Company will continue to evaluate the useful life assigned to its amortizable customer relationships and noncompete agreements in future periods. 

During 2022 and 2021, a qualitative test was performed for goodwill and the other indefinitely lived intangible assets and no indication of impairment was identified. 

The Company estimates that amortization expense for its intangible assets subject to amortization will be approximately million per year for the next three years, million for the next year and million per year thereafter. 

years, some of these include options to renew the lease for up to five years. The total lease term is determined by considering the initial term per the lease agreement, which is adjusted to include any renewal options that the Company is reasonably certain to exercise as well as any period that the Company has control over the space before the stated initial term of the agreement. If the Company determines a reasonable certainty of exercising termination or early buyout options, then the lease terms are adjusted to account for these facts. 

The Company leases one warehouse from a related party. The Company s Executive Chairman of the Board owns of an entity that owns one of the Cleveland warehouses and leases it to the Company at a fair market value annual rental of million. The lease expires on December 31, 2023 with three five-year renewal options. 

ROU assets and lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term at commencement date. As most of the leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value of future payments. Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

The components of lease expense were as follows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 

Finance lease cost 

Amortization 

Interest on lease liabilities 

Supplemental cash flow information related to leases was as follows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 

Operating cash flows from finance leases 

Financing cash flows from finance leases 

Total cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities 

Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases was as follows: 

Operating lease accumulated amortization 

Operating lease right of use asset, net 

Operating lease current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities 

Finance lease accumulated depreciation 

Finance lease, net 

Finance lease current liabilities 

Finance lease liabilities 

Finance leases 

Weighted average discount rate 

Operating leases 

Finance leases 

Maturities of lease liabilities were as follows: 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total future minimum lease payments 

Less remaining imputed interest 

Total 

Total debt 

Less current amount 

Total long-term debt 

The Company s asset-based credit facility (the ABL Credit Facility) is collateralized by the Company s accounts receivable, inventory and personal property. The million ABL Credit Facility consists of: (i) a revolving credit facility of up to million, including a million sub-limit for letters of credit, and (ii) a first in, last out revolving credit facility of up to million. Under the terms of the ABL Credit Facility, the Company may, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, request additional commitments under the revolving credit facility in the aggregate principal amount of up to million to the extent that existing or new lenders agree to provide such additional commitments, and add real estate as collateral at the Company s discretion. The ABL Facility matures on June 16, 2026. 

The ABL Credit Facility contains customary representations and warranties and certain covenants that limit the ability of the Company to, among other things: (i) incur or guarantee additional indebtedness (ii) pay distributions on, redeem or repurchase capital stock or redeem or repurchase subordinated debt (iii) make investments (iv) sell assets (v) enter into agreements that restrict distributions or other payments from restricted subsidiaries to the Company (vi) incur or suffer to exist liens securing indebtedness (vii) consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of their assets and (viii) engage in transactions with affiliates. In addition, the ABL Credit Facility contains a financial covenant which provides that: (i) if any commitments or obligations are outstanding and the Company s availability is less than the greater of million or of the aggregate amount of revolver commitments 47.5 million at December 31, 2022) or of the aggregate borrowing base 47.5 million at December 31, 2022), then the Company must maintain a ratio of Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization (EBITDA) minus certain capital expenditures and cash taxes paid to fixed charges of at least to 1.00 for the most recent twelve fiscal month period. 

The Company has the option to borrow under its revolver based on the agent s base rate plus a premium ranging from to or the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) plus a premium ranging from to . 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with its covenants and had approximately million of availability under the ABL Credit Facility. 

As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, million and million, respectively, of bank financing fees were included in Prepaid expenses and other and Other long-term assets on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The financing fees are being amortized over the five-year term of the ABL Credit Facility and are included in Interest and other expense on debt on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). 

Scheduled Debt Maturities, Interest, Debt Carrying Values 

The Company s principal payments over the next five years, as of December 31, 2022, are detailed in the table below: 

Total principal payments 

The overall effective interest rate for all debt, exclusive of deferred financing fees and deferred commitment fees, amounted to , and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Interest paid totaled million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Average total debt outstanding was million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

million of the outstanding LIBOR based borrowings under the ABL Credit Facility. The interest rate hedge fixed the rate at . The interest rate hedge is included in Other long-term assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and in Other long-term liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2021 and had a fair value of million and million, respectively. The mark-to-market adjustment of the fair value of the hedge is recorded to Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Although the Company is exposed to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the interest rate hedge agreement, the Company anticipates performance by the counterparty. 

There was no net impact from the nickel swaps or embedded customer derivative agreements to the Company s Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The table below shows the total impact to the Company s Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) through Net income (loss) of the derivatives for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

Metals swaps 

Embedded customer derivatives 

Total loss 

Total assets at fair value 

Total assets at fair value 

Liabilities: 

Metal Swaps 

Fixed interest rate hedge 

Total liabilities recorded at fair value 

The value of the items not recorded at fair value represent the carrying value of the liabilities. 

The carrying value of the ABL Credit Facility was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Management believes that the ABL Credit Facility s carrying value approximates its fair value due to the variable interest rate on the ABL Credit Facility. 

shares of common stock have been authorized for equity grants. 

On an annual basis, the compensation committee of the Company s Board of Directors awards RSUs to each non-employee director as part of their annual compensation. The annual awards for 2022 and 2021 per director were 80,000. Subject to the terms of the Incentive Plan and the RSU agreement, the RSUs vest after one year of service (from the date of grant). The RSUs are not converted into shares of common stock until the director either resigns or is terminated from the board of directors. 

Prior to 2021, under the Incentive Plan, each eligible participant was awarded RSUs with a dollar value equal to of the participant s base salary, up to an annual maximum of . The RSUs have a five-year vesting period and the RSUs convert into the right to receive shares of common stock upon a participant s retirement, or earlier upon the participant s death or disability or upon a change in control of the Company. Under the Incentive Plan, the Company awards RSUs to newly-appointed executive officers, based upon a percentage of their base salary. Upon Mr. Greiff s promotion to President and Chief Operating Officer on January 1, 2020, he received RSUs. The RSUs will vest five years from the grant date, or earlier upon death or disability or upon a change in control of the Company. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, RSU awards were granted in 2021. 

In January 2022, the Company adopted a new C-Suite Long-Term Incentive Plan (the C-Suite Plan) that operates under the Senior Manager Stock Incentive Plan. Under the C-Suite Plan, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer and the President and Chief Operating Officer are eligible for participation. In each calendar year, the Committee may award eligible participants a long-term incentive of both a restricted stock unit (RSU) grant and a performance stock unit (PSU) grant. Additionally, the Committee may offer a long-term cash incentive (split equally between service and performance-based portions) to supplement both the RSU and PSU grants in order to arrive at the total long-term award target. The total long-term award target is million for the Chief Executive Officer, million for the Chief Financial Officer and million for the President and Chief Operating Officer. The PSUs will vest if the return on net assets, calculated as EBITDA divided by Average Accounts Receivable, Inventory and Property and Equipment, exceeds percent. Each RSU and service-based cash incentive vests three years after the grant date. Each vested RSU will convert into the right to receive one share of common stock. During 2022, a total of RSUs and PSUs were granted to the participants under the C-Suite Plan, and million and million, respectively, were granted in service-based and performance-based cash awards. If the return on net assets falls below percent, no performance-based incentive will be awarded. The maximum performance-based award is achieved if return on net assets exceeds ten percent, and is capped at of the grant. 

The performance-based awards granted in 2022 are expected to vest at of the grant. All pre-tax charges related to the long-term cash incentives were included in the caption Administrative and general on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). The total remaining estimated compensation cost of non-vested awards total million and the weighted average remaining vesting period is years as of December 31, 2022. 

Stock-based compensation expense recognized on RSUs for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, is summarized in the following table: 

RSU expense after taxes 

All pre-tax charges related to RSUs and PSUs were included in the caption Administrative and general on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). The total compensation cost of non-vested awards totaled million and the weighted average remaining vesting period is years as of December 31, 2022. 

The following table summarizes the activity related to RSUs and PSUs for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 

Granted 

Converted into shares 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at December 31 

Vested at December 31 

No RSUs were used to fund the Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, or SERP, in 2022, 2021 or 2020. 

Phantom Stock Units 

In January 2022, the Company adopted a new Senior Manager Phantom Stock Plan (the Phantom Stock Plan that operates under the Senior Manager Stock Incentive Plan. Under the Phantom Stock Plan, certain senior managers are eligible to participate in the plan. The Phantom Stock Plan supersedes any previous stock incentive programs offered to the eligible participants. Each year, eligible participants will receive an award of Phantom Stock Units Phantom Units of up to thousand. The number of Phantom Units granted on the Grant Date is determined by dividing the amount of the Phantom Units granted by the closing price of a share of the Company s common stock on the Grant Date. Each Phantom Unit Award under this plan shall vest years after the Grant Date the Vesting Date ). Upon vesting, the Company will pay the Participant in cash, the value of the vested Phantom Units multiplied by the closing price of a share of the Company s common stock on the Vesting Date. 

Pre-tax charges related to Phantom Stock Units for the year ended December 31, 2022, totaled million and were included in the caption Administrative and general on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). The total estimated remaining compensation cost of non-vested awards total million and the weighted average remaining vesting period is years as of December 31, 2022. 

of the hourly plant personnel are represented by seven separate collective bargaining units. The table below shows the expiration dates of the collective bargaining agreements. 

Facility 

Expiration date 

Hammond, Indiana 

November 30, 2024 

Locust, North Carolina 

March 4, 2025 

St. Paul, Minnesota 

May 25, 2025 

Romeoville, Illinois 

May 31, 2025 

Minneapolis (coil), Minnesota 

September 30, 2025 

Indianapolis, Indiana 

January 29, 2026 

Minneapolis (plate), Minnesota 

April 1, 2027 

International 

State and local 

Deferred 

Income tax provision (benefit) 

The components of the Company s deferred income taxes at December 31 are as follows: 

Net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards 

Allowance for credit losses 

Accrued expenses 

Lease liabilities 

Interest rate hedge 

Other 

Deferred tax assets before valuation allowance 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

LIFO reserve 

Property and equipment 

Lease right of use assets 

Interest rate hedge 

Intangibles 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Deferred tax liabilities, net 

The net deferred tax liability increased by million related to the fixed interest rate hedge, which is recorded in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss). 

 The following table summarizes the activity related to the Company s gross unrecognized tax benefits: 

Change in tax due to tax law 

Increases related to current year tax positions 

(Decrease) Increase related to prior year tax positions 

Decreases related to lapsing of statute of limitations 

Balance as of December 31 

It is expected that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits will not materially change in the next twelve months. The tax years 2019 through 2021 remain open to examination by major taxing jurisdictions to which the Company is subject. 

The Company recognized interest related to uncertain tax positions in the income tax provision. 

The following table reconciles the U.S. federal statutory rate to the Company s effective tax rate: 

State and local taxes, net of federal benefit 

Meals and entertainment 

Tax credits 

Stock based compensation 

All other, net 

Effective income tax rate 

Income taxes paid in 2022, 2021 and 2020 totaled million, million and thousand, respectively. Some subsidiaries of the Company s consolidated group file state tax returns on a separate company basis and have state net operating loss carryforwards expiring over the next fifteen to 20 years. A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce certain deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. The valuation allowances recorded as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were related to certain state net operating losses and totaled million and million, respectively. 

Assumed exercise of stock options and issuance of stock awards 

Weighted average diluted shares outstanding 

Net income (loss) 

Basic earnings (loss) per share 

Diluted earnings (loss) per share 

Unvested RSUs and PSUs 

shares of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock, which could include open market repurchases, negotiated block transactions, accelerated stock repurchases or open market solicitations for shares, all or some of which may be affected through Rule 10b5-1 plans. Any of the repurchased shares are held in the Company s treasury, or canceled and retired as the Board of Directors may determine from time to time. Any repurchases of common stock are subject to the covenants contained in the ABL Credit Facility. Under the ABL Credit Facility, the Company may repurchase common stock and pay dividends up to million in the aggregate during any trailing twelve months without restrictions. Purchases of common stock or dividend payments in excess of million in the aggregate require the Company to (i) maintain availability in excess of of the aggregate revolver commitments million at December 31, 2022) or (ii) to maintain availability equal to or greater than of the aggregate revolver commitments million at December 31, 2022) and the Company must maintain a pro-forma ratio of EBITDA minus certain capital expenditures and cash taxes paid to fixed charges of at least to 1.00. 

As of December 31, 2022, shares remain authorized for repurchase under the program. 

There were no shares repurchased during 2022 or 2021. During 2020, the Company repurchased shares for an aggregate cost of million. 

At-the-Market Equity Program 

On September 3, 2021, the Company commenced an at-the-market (ATM) equity program under its shelf registration statement, which allows it to sell and issue up to million in shares of its common stock from time to time. The Company entered into an Equity Distribution Agreement on September 3, 2021 with KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. (KeyBanc) relating to the issuance and sale of shares of common stock pursuant to the program. KeyBanc is not required to sell any specific amount of securities but will act as the Company s sales agent using commercially reasonable efforts consistent with its normal trading and sales practices, on mutually agreed terms between KeyBanc and the Company. KeyBanc will be entitled to compensation for shares sold pursuant to the program of of the gross proceeds of any shares of common stock sold under the Equity Distribution Agreement. No shares were sold under the ATM program during 2022 or 2021. 

The following table provides financial information by segment and reconciles the Company s operating income by segment to the consolidated income (loss) before income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

Carbon flat products 

Tubular and pipe products 

Total net sales 

Depreciation and amortization 

Specialty metals flat products 

Carbon flat products 

Tubular and pipe products 

Corporate 

Total depreciation and amortization 

Operating income 

Specialty metals flat products 

Carbon flat products 

Tubular and pipe products 

Corporate 

Total operating income 

Other loss, net 

Income before interest and income taxes 

Interest and other expense on debt 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Tubular and pipe products 

Corporate 

Total capital expenditures 

Assets 

Flat products 

Tubular and pipe products 

Corporate 

Total assets 

There were no material revenue transactions between the carbon flat products, specialty metals flat products and tubular and pipe products segments for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

The Company sells certain products internationally, primarily in Canada and Mexico. International sales are immaterial to the consolidated financial results and to the individual segments results. 

of eligible compensation. For the Action Stainless 401(k) retirement plans, the Company matched of the first of eligible compensation and one-half of the next of each eligible employee s contribution, limited to of eligible compensation. 

In 2005, the Board of Directors adopted a SERP, which has been amended from time to time. Contributions to the SERP are based on: (i) a portion of the participants compensation multiplied by a factor of or depending on participant; and (ii) for certain participants a portion of the participants compensation multiplied by a factor, which is contingent upon the Company s return on invested capital. Benefits are subject to a vesting schedule of up to seven years. 

The Company, through its CTI subsidiary, contributes to a multiemployer pension plan. CTI contributes to the Multiemployer Plan under the terms of a collective bargaining agreement that covers certain of its union employees, and which expires May 31, 2025. CTI contributions to the Multiemployer Plan were immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

Retirement plan expense, which includes all Company 401(k), SERP defined contributions and the Multiemployer Plan, amounted to million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As part of the COVID-19 related cost reduction efforts, the Company suspended contributions into the SERP for 2020. 

The fair values of the Company's SERP assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively, and are measured at Net Asset Value (NAV) as a practical expedient to estimate fair value and therefore are not classified in the fair value hierarchy. Under the practical expedient approach, the NAV is based on the fair value of the underlying investments held by each fund less its liabilities. This practical expedient would not be used when it is determined to be probable that the fund will sell the investment for an amount different than the reported NAV. The fair value of the SERP assets are included in Other Long Term Assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

of an entity that owns one of the Cleveland warehouses and leases it to the Company at a fair market value annual rental of million. The lease expires on December 31, 2023 with three five-year renewal options. 

million, subject to a final working capital adjustment. Metal-Fab, headquartered in Wichita, Kansas, is a manufacturer of venting, micro air and clean air products for residential, commercial and industrial applications. The acquisition will be accounted for as a business combination and the assets and liabilities valued at fair market value. Metal-Fab will be included within the Company s carbon flat-products segment in the Company s first quarter of 2023 financial results. 

In connection with the Metal-Fab acquisition, the Company entered into a Sixth Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, which increased the availability under our existing ABL Credit Facility from million to million. In addition, the amendment allows the Company to include the eligible assets of Metal-Fab in its borrowing base and updated the reference rate from LIBOR to Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR). Additionally, the Company amended its fixed interest rate hedge from LIBOR to SOFR. This change to the interest rate hedge fixes the rate at , down from . The Company has the option to borrow under its revolver based on the agent s base rate plus a premium ranging from to or SOFR plus a premium ranging from to . 

Tax valuation reserve 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Allowance for credit losses 

Tax valuation reserve 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

Allowance for credit losses 

Tax valuation reserve 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND 

 FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Evaluations required by Rule 13a-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or Exchange Act, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report have been carried out under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Based upon such evaluations, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022 in providing reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and that such information is accumulated and communicated to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting is set forth in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein. Grant Thornton LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, as stated in their report, which appears in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

76

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Information required by Item 10 as to the executive officers is provided in Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated by reference into this section. Other information required by Item 10 will be incorporated herein by reference to the information set forth in our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Information required by Item 11 will be incorporated herein by reference to the information set forth in our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Information required by Item 12 will be incorporated herein by reference to the information set forth in our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Information required by Item 13 will be incorporated herein by reference to the information set forth in our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Information required by Item 14 will be incorporated herein by reference to the information set forth in our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 

77

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)(1) The following financial statements are included in Part II, Item 8: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

(a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules . 

 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 

(a)(3) Exhibits. The Exhibits filed herewith are set forth on the Index to Exhibits filed as part of this Annual Report and incorporated herein by reference. 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

Exhibit 

Description 

Reference 

2.1 

Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 17, 2021, by and among Venture Steel (U.S), Inc., Olympic Steel Lafayette, Inc. and Olympic Steel, Inc 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on September 22, 2021 (Commission File No. 0-23320). 

2.2 

Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 3, 2023, among Olympic Steel, Inc., OS Holdings, Inc., Metal-Fab, Inc., the sellers party thereto and the representative of the sellers. 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 3, 2022 (Commission File No. 0-23320). 

3.1(i) 

Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1(i) to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 33-73992) filed with the Commission on January 12, 1994. 

3.1(ii) 

Amended and Restated Code of Regulations 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Company s Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 6, 2015 (Commission File No. 0-23320). 

3.1(iii) 

Amendment to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Company s Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 6, 2021 (Commission File No. 0-23320). 

4.25 

Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of December 8, 2017, by and among the Registrant, the financial institutions from time to time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other agents from time to time party thereto 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.25 to Registrant's Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 14, 2017 (Commission File No. 0-23320). 

4.26 

Joinder and First Amendment to Bank Agreement, dated as of April 4, 2018, to Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of December 8, 2017, by and among the Registrant, the financial institutions from time to time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other agents from time to time party thereto. 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.25 to Registrant's Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 3, 2018 

			 (Commission File No. 0-23320). 

78

Exhibit 

4.27 

Joinder and Second Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2018, by and among the Registrant, the financial institutions from time to time party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other agents from time to time party thereto. 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.26 to Registrant's Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 4, 2018 (Commission File No. 0-23320). 

4.28 

Description of Securities 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.28 to Registrant's Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 21, 2020 

			 (Commission File No. 0-23320). 

4.29 

Joinder and Third Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of December 14, 2020, by and among Olympic Steel, Inc., Olympic Steel Lafayette, Inc., Olympic Steel Minneapolis, Inc., Olympic Steel Iowa, Inc., Oly Steel NC, Inc., IS Acquisition, Inc., Chicago Tube and Iron Company, B Metals, Inc., MCI, Inc, and ACT Acquisition, Inc, the lenders from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A. as Agent for the Lenders. 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.29 to Registrant's Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 14, 2020 (Commission File No. 0-23320). 

4.30 

Fourth Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of June 16, 2021, among Olympic Steel, Inc., Olympic Steel Lafayette, Inc., Olympic Steel Minneapolis, Inc., Olympic Steel Iowa, Inc., Oly Steel NC, Inc., IS Acquisition, Inc., Chicago Tube and Iron Company, B Metals, Inc., MCI, Inc., ACT Acquisition, Inc., the lenders from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A. as Agent for the Lenders. 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.30 to Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on June 21, 2021 (Commission File No. 0-23320). 

4.31 

Joinder and Fifth Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of October 1, 2021, among Olympic Steel, Inc., Olympic Steel Lafayette, Inc., Olympic Steel Minneapolis, Inc., Olympic Steel Iowa, Inc., Oly Steel NC, Inc., IS Acquisition, Inc., Chicago Tube and Iron Company, B Metals, Inc., MCI, Inc., ACT Acquisition, Inc., SHAQ, Inc., the lenders from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A. as Agent for the Lenders. 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.31 to Registrant s Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 25, 2022 (Commission File No. 0-23320). 

4.32 

Joinder and Sixth Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of January 2, 2023, among Olympic Steel, Inc., Olympic Steel Lafayette, Inc., Olympic Steel Minneapolis, Inc., Olympic Steel Iowa, Inc., Oly Steel NC, In., IS Acquisition, Inc., Chicago Tube and Iron Company, B Metals, Inc., MCI, Inc., ACT Acquisition, Inc., SHAQ, Inc., OS Holdings, Inc., Metal-Fab, Inc., the lenders from time to time party thereto and Bank of America, N.A. as Agent for the Lenders. 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.32 to the Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 3, 2023 (Commission File No. 0-23320). 

79

Exhibit 
			 Description 
			 Reference 

10.8 

Form of Management Retention Agreement for Senior Executive Officers of the Company 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Registrant's Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 7, 2000 (Commission File No. 0-23320). 

10.9 

Form of Management Retention Agreement for Other Officers of the Company 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Registrant's Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 7, 2000 (Commission File No. 0-23320). 

10.14 

Olympic Steel, Inc. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan dated December 15, 2004 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Registrant s Form 10-K filed with the Commission on March 14, 2005 (Commission File No. 0-23320). 

10.15 

Form of Non-Solicitation Agreements 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on March 4, 2005 (Commission File No. 0-23320). 

10.16 

Form of Management Retention Agreement 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Registrant s Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 8, 2005 (Commission File No. 0-23320). 

10.17 

Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan Term Sheet 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on January 5, 2006 (Commission File No. 0-23320). 

10.20 

Olympic Steel, Inc. Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on April 28, 2006 (Commission File No. 0-23320). 

10.21 

Olympic Steel, Inc. Amended and Restated Olympic Steel, Inc. 2007 Omnibus Incentive Plan as Amended Effective May 7, 2021 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on August 6, 2021 (Commission File No-0-23320). 

10.22 

Olympic Steel, Inc. C-Suite Long-Term Incentive Plan 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to Registrant s Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 25, 2022 (Commission File No-0-23320). 

10.23 

Form of C-Suite Long-Term Incentive Agreement for participants. 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to Registrant s Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 25, 2021 (Commission File No-0-23320). 

10.30 

Olympic Steel, Inc. Senior Manager Compensation Plan 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to Registrant s Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 6, 2011 (Commission File No. 0-23320). 

10.33 

Richard T. Marabito Employment Agreement effective as of December 21, 2018 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 21, 2018 (Commission File No. 0-23320). 

80

Exhibit 
			 Description 
			 Reference 

10.34 

Form of RSU Agreements for Messrs. Marabito, Greiff and Manson. 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to Registrant s Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 23, 2012 (Commission File No. 0-23320). 

10.37 

Amendment to Form of Management Retention Agreement for Senior Executive Officers of the Company 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant s Form 10-Q filed with the Commission on May 1, 2015 (Commission File No. 0-23320). 

10.41 

Employment Agreement, dated as of January 1, 2020, between Olympic Steel, Inc. and Andrew S. Greiff 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on December 27, 2019 (Commission File No. 0-23320). 

10.42 

Richard A. Manson Employment Agreement effective as of January 1, 2022 

Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to Registrant s Form 8-K filed with the Commission on November 26, 2021 (Commission File No. 0-23320). 

21 

List of Subsidiaries 

Filed herewith 

23.1 

Consent of Grant Thornton, LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Filed herewith 

24 

Directors and Officers Powers of Attorney 

Filed herewith 

31.1 

Certification of the Principal Executive Officer of the Company, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Filed herewith 

31.2 

Certification of the Principal Financial Officer of the Company, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Filed herewith 

32.1 

Written Statement of Richard T. Marabito, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Furnished herewith 

32.2 

Written Statement of Richard A. Manson, Chief Financial Officer of the Company pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Furnished herewith 

101 

The following materials from Olympic Steel s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in Inline XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (iv) the Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity, (vi) Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements and (vii) document and entity information. 

104 

Cover Pager Interactive Data File (embedded with the Inline XBRL document). 

This exhibit is a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

81

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

82

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

OLYMPIC STEEL, INC. 

February 24, 2023 
			 
			 By: /s/ Richard A. Manson 

Richard A. Manson, 

Chief Financial Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities indicated and on the dates indicated. 

February 24, 2023 
			 
			 /s/ Richard T. Marabito 

Richard T. Marabito, Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

February 24, 2023 
			 
			 /s/ Richard A. Manson 

Richard A. Manson, Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

February 24, 2023 
			 
			 /s/ Michael D. Siegal 

Michael D. Siegal, Executive Chairman of the Board 

February 24, 2023 
			 
			 /s/ Arthur F. Anton 

Arthur F. Anton, Lead Director 

February 24, 2023 
			 
			 /s/ Dirk A. Kempthorne 

Dirk A. Kempthorne, Director 

February 24, 2023 
			 
			 /s/ Idalene F. Kesner 

Idalene F. Kesner, Director 

February 24, 2023 
			 
			 /s/ Michael G. Rippey 

Michael G. Rippey, Director 

February 24, 2023 
			 
			 /s/ Richard P. Stovsky 

Richard P. Stovsky, Director 

February 24, 2023 
			 
			 /s/ Vanessa Whiting 

Vanessa Whiting, Director 

February 24, 2023 
			 
			 /s/ David A. Wolfort 

David A. Wolfort, Director 

The undersigned, by signing his name hereto, does sign and execute this Annual Report on Form 10-K pursuant to the Powers of Attorney executed by the above-named officers and directors of the Company and filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on behalf of such officers and directors. 

By: 
			 /s/ Richard A. Manson 
			 
			 February 24, 2023 

Richard A. Manson, Attorney-in-Fact 

83

<EX-21>
 2
 ex_477627.htm
 EXHIBIT 21

ex_477627.htm 

Exhibit 21 

List of Subsidiaries of Olympic Steel, Inc. 

Name of Subsidiary 
			 State of Organization 
			 Ownership 

Olympic Steel Lafayette, Inc. 
			 Ohio 
			 100 

Olympic Steel Minneapolis, Inc. 
			 Minnesota 
			 100 

Olympic Steel Iowa, Inc 
			 Iowa 
			 100 (a) 

Oly Steel NC, Inc. 
			 Delaware 
			 100 

Tinsley Group PS W, Inc. 
			 North Carolina 
			 100 (b) 

IS Acquisition, Inc. 
			 Ohio 
			 100 

Olympic Steel Trading, Inc. 
			 Ohio 
			 100 

Chicago Tube and Iron Company 
			 Delaware 
			 100 

Metales De Olympic, S. de R. L. de C.V. 
			 Mexico 
			 100 (c) 

B Metals, Inc. 
			 Ohio 
			 100 

MCI, Inc. 
			 Ohio 
			 100 

ACT Acquisition, Inc. 
			 Texas 
			 100 

SHAQ, Inc. 
			 Georgia 
			 100 

OS Holdings, Inc. 
			 Ohio 
			 100 

Metal-Fab, Inc. 
			 Kansas 
			 100 

(a) 

Owned 100 by Olympic Steel Minneapolis, Inc. 

(b) 

Owned 100 by Oly Steel NC, Inc. 

(c) 

Owned 100 by Olympic Steel Trading, Inc. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex_477628.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.1

ex_477628.htm 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We have issued our reports dated February 24, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting included in the Annual Report of Olympic Steel, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said reports in the Registration Statements of Olympic Steel, Inc. on Forms S-3 (File No. 333-265301) and on Forms S-8 (File No. 333-259306, File No. 333-211023 and File No. 333-143900). 

/s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 

Cleveland, Ohio 

 February 24, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-24>
 4
 ex_477629.htm
 EXHIBIT 24

ex_477629.htm 

Exhibit 24 

POWERS OF ATTORNEY 

OLYMPIC STEEL, INC. 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that OLYMPIC STEEL, INC., an Ohio corporation, and each person whose name is signed below hereby constitute and appoint Richard T. Marabito and Richard A. Manson their attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for and on behalf of Olympic Steel, Inc. and the undersigned directors and officers of Olympic Steel, Inc., and each of such directors and officers, to sign Olympic Steel, Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, any or all amendments thereto, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting such attorneys-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary in connection with such matters and hereby ratifying and confirming all that such attorneys-in-fact and agents or their substitute or substitutes may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

This Power of Attorney of Olympic Steel, Inc., and the directors and officers of Olympic Steel, Inc. may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original with respect to the person executing it. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Power of Attorney has been signed at Cleveland, Ohio this 24th day of February 2023. 

OLYMPIC STEEL, INC. 

By: 
			 /s/ Richard A. Manson 

Richard A. Manson, Chief Financial Officer 

Directors and Officers : 

/s/ Richard T. Marabito 
			 
			 /s/ Idalene F. Kesner 

Richard T. Marabito, Chief Executive Officer 
			 
			 Idalene F. Kesner, Director 

and Director 

/s/ Richard A. Manson 
			 
			 /s/ Michael G. Rippey 

Richard A. Manson, Chief Financial Officer 
			 
			 Michael G. Rippey, Director 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Michael D. Siegal 
			 
			 /s/ Richard P. Stovsky 

Michael D. Siegal, Executive Chairman of the Board 
			 
			 Richard P. Stovsky, Director 

/s/ Arthur F. Anton 
			 
			 /s/ David A. Wolfort 

Arthur F. Anton, Lead Director 
			 
			 David A. Wolfort, Director 

/s/ Dirk A. Kempthorne 
			 
			 /s/ Vanessa Whiting 

Dirk A. Kempthorne, Director 
			 
			 Vanessa Whiting, Director 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex_477630.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_477630.htm 

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification of the Principal Executive Officer 

 Pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d) 

 (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 

I, Richard T. Marabito, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Olympic Steel, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

By: /s/ Richard T. Marabito 

Richard T. Marabito 
Olympic Steel, Inc. 
Chief Executive Officer 

February 24, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex_477634.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex_477634.htm 

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification of the Principal Financial Officer 

 Pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d) 

 (Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 

I, Richard A. Manson, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Olympic Steel, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which, are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

By: /s/ Richard A. Manson 

Richard A. Manson 
Olympic Steel, Inc. 
Chief Financial Officer 

February 24, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex_477632.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex_477632.htm 

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification of the Principal Executive Officer 

 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 

 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 

I, Richard T. Marabito, the Chief Executive Officer of Olympic Steel, Inc. (the "Company"), certify that to the best of my knowledge, based upon a review of this annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of the Company (the Report ): 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report. 

By: /s/ Richard T. Marabito 

Richard T. Marabito 
Olympic Steel, Inc. 
Chief Executive Officer 

February 24, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex_477633.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

ex_477633.htm 

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification of the Principal Financial Officer 

 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 

 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 

I, Richard A. Manson, the Chief Financial Officer of Olympic Steel, Inc. (the "Company"), certify that to the best of my knowledge, based upon a review of this annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of the Company (the Report ): 

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report. 

By: /s/ Richard A. Manson 

Richard A. Manson 
Olympic Steel, Inc. 
Chief Financial Officer 

February 24, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 zeus-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 zeus-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 zeus-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 zeus-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 zeus-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

