<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1812360_0001213900-23-024912.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7821768</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>504746</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1482275</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2002352</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1906431</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1712249</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024912.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330213925
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024912
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		85
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FOXO TECHNOLOGIES INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001812360
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LIFE INSURANCE [6311]
		IRS NUMBER:				851050265
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39783
		FILM NUMBER:		23782828

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		729 WASHINGTON AVE. N
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55401
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(612) 562-9447

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		729 WASHINGTON AVE. N
		STREET 2:		SUITE 600
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55401

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Delwinds Insurance Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200518

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024912.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_foxotech.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the Fiscal Year , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction
of 
incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer 
Identification Number) 

., 
 , 
(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Registrant s
telephone number, including area code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered American Warrants, each warrant exercisable for one share of Class A Common Stock for 11.50 per share FOXO WS NYSE American 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 
 No 

As of June 30, 2022, the last
business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the ordinary shares
of Delwinds Insurance Acquisition Corp. (the former name of the registrant), other than shares held by persons who may be deemed to be
affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing sales price for the common stock on June 30, 2022, as reported on the
New York Stock Exchange, was approximately . 

The
number of shares of Registrant s Class A Common Stock outstanding, par value 0.0001 per share, as of March 21, 2023, was . 

FREQUENTLY USED TERMS 

Unless
otherwise stated in this prospectus or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

2021
Bridge Agreements means, collectively, the stock purchase agreement, 2021 Bridge Debentures, 2021 Bridge Warrants, lock-up agreements
and other agreements between Legacy FOXO and the 2021 Bridge Investors, as amended by the 2021 Bridge Amendment, as such agreements may
be amended, modified or supplemented. 

2021
Bridge Amendment means the contingent amendment agreement, effective as of February 22, 2022, amending the 2021 Bridge
Agreements. 

2021
Bridge Debentures means the 12.5 Original Issue Discount Convertible Debentures, as may be amended, modified or supplemented
from time to time in accordance with their terms, issued by Legacy FOXO between January 2021 and March 2021. 

2021
Bridge Investors means all of the purchasers of the 2021 Bridge Debentures. 

2021
Bridge Warrants means the warrants to purchase Legacy FOXO Class A Common Stock, as may be amended, modified or supplemented
from time to time in accordance with their terms, issued by Legacy FOXO to the 2021 Bridge Investors and the placement agent, or its designees,
in connection with such offering. 

2022
Bridge Debentures means the 10 Original Issue Discount Convertible Debentures, as may be amended, modified or supplemented
from time to time in accordance with their terms, issued by Legacy FOXO between February 2022 and (i) the termination of the offering
of the 2022 Bridge Debentures as determined by Legacy FOXO and (ii) the Outside Date. 

2022
Bridge Investors means all of the purchasers of the 2022 Bridge Debentures. 

Assumed
Warrants means the warrants to purchase shares of Class A Common Stock that, as of the Closing, were issued by the Company
to holders of Legacy FOXO warrants outstanding and unexercised immediately prior to the Merger. 

Board 
refers to the board of directors of the Company. 

Business
Combination or Merger means the business combination of Delwinds
and Legacy FOXO pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. 

Charter 
means the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation that became effective upon consummation of the Business Combination. 

Closing 
means the closing of the Business Combination. 

Company 
means FOXO Technologies Inc., a Delaware corporation, formerly Delwinds Insurance Acquisition Corp. and
which includes Legacy FOXO and any other direct or indirect subsidiaries of Legacy FOXO, to the extent applicable. 

Delwinds 
means Delwinds Insurance Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation, which was renamed FOXO Technologies Inc. following consummation
of the Closing. 

DGCL 
means the Delaware General Corporation Law. 

FOXO , 
 we , our or us means the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

IPO 
means Delwinds initial public offering that was consummated by Delwinds on December 11, 2020. 

Legacy
FOXO means FOXO Technologies Inc., now known as FOXO Technologies Operating Company, prior to the Business Combination. 

Merger
Agreement means the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated February 24, 2022,
as amended on April 26, 2022, July 6, 2022 and August 12, 2022, by and among Delwinds, DWIN Merger Sub Inc., Sponsor, as
purchaser representative, and Legacy FOXO. 

Private
Warrants means one (1) whole warrant that was issued by Delwinds in a private placement to the Sponsor at
the time of the consummation of the IPO entitling the holder thereof to purchase one (1) share
of Class A Common Stock at a purchase price of 11.50 per share. 

Public
Warrant means one (1) whole redeemable warrant that was issued in the IPO entitling
the holder thereof to purchase one (1) share of Class A Common Stock at a purchase price of 11.50 per share. 

Sponsor 
means DIAC Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 

U.S.
GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. 

Warrants means
Assumed Warrants, Private Warrants and Public Warrants, collectively. 

FOXO TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Other Information
Contained in this Report 

Part I 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 8 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 33 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 33 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 33 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 33 
 
 Part II 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 34 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 34 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 34 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 48 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 48 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 49 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 49 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 49 

Part III 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 50 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 56 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 70 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 72 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 75 
 
 Part IV 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits 
 77 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 81 

Signatures 
 82 

i 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
AND OTHER INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS REPORT 

This Annual Report on
Form 10-K, or this Report, and the documents incorporated herein by reference contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities
Act , and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
 Exchange Act , which include, without limitation, Statements regarding estimates and forecasts of financial
and performance metrics, projections of market opportunity and market share, potential benefits and the commercial attractiveness to its
customers of our products and services, the potential success of our marketing and expansion strategies, realization of the potential
benefits of the Business Combination (including with respect to stockholder value and other aspects of our business identified in this
Report, as well as other reports that we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Any statements about our
business, financial results, financial condition and operations contained in this Report that are not statements of historical fact may
be deemed to be forward- looking statements. These forward-looking statements represent our intentions, plans, expectations, assumptions
and beliefs about future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors including, without limitation, the direct and
indirect effects of coronavirus disease 2019, or COVID-19, and related issues that may arise therefrom. 

Without limiting the
foregoing, the words believes, anticipates, expects, intends, plans, 
 projects, or similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update
publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason, except as required by law, even as new information becomes available or other
events occur in the future. Our actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements
as a result of various factors, including the risk factors described in Part I., Item 1A, Risk Factors, and elsewhere in
this Report such as, but not limited to: 

we have a history of losses and it may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future; 

our independent registered public accounting firms have included an explanatory paragraph relating to
our ability to continue as a going concern, which could limit our ability to raise additional capital; 

we will require additional capital to commercialize our product and service offerings and grow our business,
which may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all; 

the loss of the services of our current executives or other key employees, or failure to attract additional
key employees; 

the strength of our brands and our ability to develop, maintain and enhance our brands and our ability
to develop and expand our customer base; 

access to the substantial resources to continue the development of new products and services; 

our ability to integrate molecular biotechnology into the life insurance industry; 

our ability to commercialize our technology enabled products and services with a high level of service
at a competitive price, achieve sufficient sales volumes to realize economies of scale and create innovative new products and services
to offer to our customers; 

our ability to effectively and in a cost-feasible manner acquire, maintain and engage with our targeted
customers; 

the impact on our business of security incidents or real or perceived errors, failures or bugs in our
systems and/or websites; 

the impact of changes in the general economic conditions; 

our plans to expand operations abroad, through planned partnerships with international life insurance
carriers; 

our success and ability to establish and grow our epigenetic testing service and the development of epigenetic
biomarkers for use in life insurance underwriting; 

our ability to apply the relatively new field of epigenetics to life insurance underwriting; 

our ability to validate and improve the results of our 2019 Pilot Study; 

the impact of competition in the personal health and wellness testing market; 

our ability to procure materials and services from third-party suppliers for our epigenetic testing services; 

ii 

our ability to maintain compliance now or in the future to laws and regulations relating to laboratory
testing, our underwriting technology and consumer engagement services and our use of saliva-based epigenetic biomarkers; 

our ability to maintain focus on our main business line initiatives, while providing ancillary product
and service offerings that support our baseline technology; 

our ability to satisfy the regulatory conditions that our life insurance business operates in; 

the
 ability to contract or maintain MGA (as defined below) relationships from selling life insurance
 products underwritten and issued by third-party carriers; 

our
 success and ability to establish and grow our MGA Model (as described below); 

the
 impact of an overall decline in life insurance product sales; 

competition
 in the life insurance industry; 

our
 ability to underwrite risks accurately and charge competitive yet profitable premium rates; 

the
 dependence on search engines, social media platforms, content-based online advertising and
 other online sources to attract customers to our website; 

our
 ability to co mply with customer privacy and data privacy and security laws and regulations; 

our ability to prevent or address the misappropriation of our data; 

our ability to comply with current and changes to the extensive insurance industry regulations in each
state that we operate; 

the impact of new legislation or legal requirements affecting how we communicate with our customers; 

our ability to retain our license for patent pending methods of identifying epigenetic biomarkers and
identifying saliva-based epigenetic biomarkers or intellectual property in general; 

our ability to obtain sufficiently broad protection of our intellectual property throughout the world; 

the impact of changes in trademark or patent law in the United States and other jurisdictions; 

the impact of claims that our employees, consultants or independent contractors have wrongfully used or
disclosed confidential information of third parties or that our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secret of their
former employees; 

our ability to successfully register and enforce our trademarks; 

the impact of claims challenging the inventorship of our patents and other intellectual property; 

the adequacy of our patent terms to protect our competitive position; and 

the risks to our proprietary software and source code from our use of open source software. 

Unless expressly indicated
or the context requires otherwise, the terms FOXO, the Company, we, us or our 
in this Report refer to FOXO Technologies Inc., a Delaware corporation, and, where appropriate, its subsidiaries. 

iii 

Part I 

Item 1. Business 

Company Overview 

FOXO seeks to modernize the
life insurance industry through the application of longevity and epigenetic science. With our insurance partners, we will endeavor to
improve and optimize human health span and lifespan through unique and dynamic product offerings tailored to insurance underwriters and
consumers. 

The convergence of two cutting-edge
technologies, DNA sequencing and automated machine learning, has created what we believe is an unprecedented opportunity to reinvent the
life insurance industry through modern molecular biotechnology. DNA sequencing advances now allow for the cost-effective collection of
genomic and epigenomic data, while automated machine learning can identify sophisticated patterns within this data, as well as phenotypic
data. These patterns are known as epigenetic signatures, and will provide valuable insights to insurers that will inform
their underwriting and product development. 

By harnessing the power of
epigenetic science, we believe we can revolutionize how life insurance companies sell and underwrite their products. Our insights into
consumers health and lifestyle choices will help insurers tailor their offerings to meet their clients needs and provide
insurers with data to plan for their clients future financial needs. 

We have two core product offerings:
the Underwriting Report and the Longevity Report . The Underwriting Report allows us to leverage a single
assay testing process to generate a panel of impairment scores that can be applied by life insurance underwriters to more accurately assess
clients during the underwriting process and provide a more personalized risk assessment. The Longevity Report is a consumer-facing companion
product that provides actionable insights to consumers based on their biological age and other epigenetic measures of health. It can also
be sold separately. We believe the combination of these two reports provides a valuable win for our insurance carrier partners as well
as their customers. 

The life insurance industry
is ripe for disruption by a new underwriting protocol. Historically, when a single carrier has adopted even a single new underwriting
test, others tend to follow quickly. Some examples include prescription data, smoking tests, and specimen samples. If other insurance
companies do not follow quickly, they may suffer from adverse selection, and get a disproportionate number of mispriced risks. FOXO intends
to leverage the combination of the Underwriting Report and the Longevity Report to change the sales and underwriting process to the betterment
of consumers and carriers alike. 

FOXO Labs Underwriting Report 

FOXO
Labs is commercializing a first of its kind proprietary epigenetic biomarker technology to be used for mortality underwriting risk classification
in the global life insurance industry (the Underwriting Report ). The Underwriting Report provides underwriters
with an alternative source of biological mortality risk factors derived from an applicant s saliva sample. The information provided
in the FOXO Underwriting Report will allow underwriters to assess mortality risk without the need for more invasive and time-consuming
underwriting processes such as a paramedical exam or the procurement of medical records. 

The Underwriting Report will
allow insurance companies to leverage cutting-edge biotechnology that streamlines the insurance sales and underwriting process compared
to the costlier and lengthier process of medical underwriting. We can administer our test using saliva allowing for a quick point-of-sale
sample collection. Our non-invasive test can help insurers conduct a multi-panel risk assessment of a proposed insured and make a policy
offer without the need for a paramedical exam or medical records. We believe this will (1) make policy sales more efficient and less invasive,
and (2) expand the market for accelerated underwriting to higher face amount policies. By collecting a sample at the point of sale (or
by mail), we will also streamline and simplify the application and underwriting process. Our multi-panel test can screen for multiple
impairments using a single, non-invasive biospecimen that can be used to assess individual health risks. Additionally, as we collect more
data and create more refined models we can improve our previous measures without the requirement of a new biospecimen. Thus, a saliva-based
sample can be self-administered or collected by the agent without the need for a trained paramedical examiner, and the data can be updated
in perpetuity as technology advances. 

1 

The Underwriting Report consists
of two sections. The first one is the Biological Age Assessment, which provides an individual s aggregate biological mortality risk.
This can be used by an underwriter to quickly triage good mortality risks, which can be issued a policy immediately, from bad mortality
risks, which require further underwriting to properly assess. 

The core of the Biological
Age Assessment is the Biological DeltaAge, which is the difference between biological age and chronological age. A Biological
DeltaAge above zero indicates an increased mortality risk, and below zero indicates a decreased mortality risk. 

The Underwriting Report s
second section outlines specific risk factors that are intended to provide underwriters with more detailed information about an individual s
health with respect to specific impairments. Life and disability insurance underwriters can use this information to eliminate additional
underwriting requirements so the insurer can focus on areas of elevated risk. 

The risk factors include traditional
underwriting considerations such as tobacco use, cardiovascular risk, diabetes risk, kidney disease risk, and liver disease risk as well
as new information related to mortality risks such as fitness and nutrition. This information represents a significant overlap with a
traditional paramedical exam; however, it is obtained through a non-invasive saliva sample instead of a blood draw and urine collection.
The saliva sample can be collected by mail or by the agent at the point of sale, which eliminates the need for scheduling an appointment
for a paramedical exam. These exams require fasting and a blood draw, which are additional barriers to the sale. They also need to be
scheduled days or weeks in advance, delaying the underwriting process. 

The Underwriting Report can
be provided electronically via an application programming interface API so an insurer can integrate results into
automated underwriting processes and an underwriting workbench. This allows the report to be securely transmitted and used in the way
that works best for an insurer s underwriting teams. 

FOXO Life Longevity Report 

The Longevity Report provides
consumers with novel information about their epigenetic makeup, along with specific insights that can help them change their behavior
to live longer. The centerpiece of the Longevity Report is FOXO Age, which is a holistic measure of how fast an individual
is aging. It is displayed on the report in comparison to the consumer s chronological age. 

The Longevity Report also
includes four epigenetic health scores: (i) Metabolic, (ii) Cardiovascular, (iii) Inflammation, and (iv) Indulgence scores, which show
how their environment, lifestyle, and behavior affect their health at an epigenetic level. These four epigenetic health scores enable
the consumer to make important decisions about how to improve their lifestyle. Users can take tests more than once, and within each score
we compare each consumer to the FOXO universe of results. This allows the consumer to review their scores in comparison to others who
have received the Longevity Report. With each score, we provide personalized nutritional, lifestyle, and exercise recommendations to help
consumers make lifestyle adjustments to extend their longevity. The Longevity Report is accessible through s an online dashboard that
allows users to view their report as well as sample processing status, from being sent to the lab to final digital report delivery. In
the future, we plan to provide consumers with a more comprehensive dashboard that identifies how they are progressing over time with their
lifestyle adjustments in response to the recommendations provided with their Longevity Report scores. 

FOXO is also operationalizing
a sales and distribution platform focused on recruiting independent life insurance agents to sell life insurance with our Longevity Report FOXO Life ). FOXO Life currently markets and sells life insurance products underwritten and issued by third-party carriers
through distribution relationships. This distribution model (the MGA Model allows FOXO to appoint sales agents
and producers to sell insurance products for specific carriers and earn commissions on subsequent policy sales. Depending on the terms
of the agreement between FOXO and the carrier, the Longevity Report may be included at the time of the policy purchase at no charge or
may be available at an additional cost to the consumer. We believe the Longevity Report will make longevity science a core aspect to the
relationship between life insurance and consumers. 

We
began selling insurance products through distribution relationships with third-party carriers in the first quarter of 2023. Through
our MGA Model, we earn commission revenues, marketing allowances, and service fee revenues from selling life insurance products supported
by our science, technology, and brand marketing. Initially, we do not expect to use epigenetic underwriting technology in the life insurance
products we sell through the MGA Model. However, we expect the research and development studies underway will support the introduction
and commercialization of our saliva-based underwriting technology through our Underwriting Report in the future. 

2 

Competitive Strengths 

Our Chief Science Officer,
Dr. Brian Chen, is a leading expert in the field of epigenetic science. Dr. Chen manages our research and development and has played an
instrumental role in demonstrating that machine learning paired with epigenetic data can provide valuable insights into human health.
Our product and technical teams, led by Taylor Fay (COO) and Tyler Danielson (Interim CEO) are experienced in bringing consumer facing
experiences to market in the insurance industry. Lastly, our underwriting and actuarial team is positioned to leverage our science to
change the way insurance is underwritten. It is very rare to put together this combination of experts at this level all working towards
a common goal. Core members of our team have been working together for over five years. 

We leverage the native cloud
software from Amazon Web Services AWS ), working with artificial intelligence AI companies
like DataRobot to develop our models and deploy them securely in the best-in-class systems. Our systems and processes will be difficult
for competitors to replicate as most of our systems are automated, from shipping kits to processing data from our labs and producing results
for use in our reports. Our systems, through the usage of AI, is also built to continuously and autonomously develop, which makes it even
more difficult to be replicated. This autonomous development includes having the AI test hundreds of models to build each predictor. We
have leaders with extensive experience applying AI technologies to biological data. 

Key Value Drivers 

We are modernizing the life
insurance industry through a new digital technology stack designed to help us execute on our business and support our ambitious growth
plans. To support our business, we have developed a technology stack that provides us with scalable operational infrastructure that offers
a high degree of flexibility and adaptability in its operational software architecture. To that end, we have built a digital life insurance
product services platform that will operationalize our MGA sales operations. The goal of our technology operations is to be able to service
life insurance carriers worldwide, at scale. In addition, we are building operational technology that supports researchers and epigenetic
analyses. 

We
expect that the operational software platform technology that we have developed with advanced architecture will enable us to meet our
business requirements efficiently and effectively. Our operational software goal is to build a basic, modern, core operating infrastructure
that enables us to service our sales, marketing, and operations across our entire platform. The platform s operating system is substantially
complete with the majority of the attentive costs associated with the build already incurred. It is built to support our saliva-based underwriting
technology and consumer engagement platform, complete with saliva kit distribution and specimen tracking systems, Longevity Report production,
consumer dashboard interface, and mobile application access. We expect that our operating platform will support our ability to efficiently
grow at scale as we market and sell life insurance products and technology services. 

We
believe our product and service offerings described below allow for significant scaling at a time when we observe (i) burgeoning consumer
interest in health and longevity; (ii) increased interest in life insurance due the COVID-19 pandemic; and (iii) a significant opportunity
to disrupt a large, old, and slow life insurance industry with innovative applications of fast-moving modern technology. We believe
our products and services can help reverse a general decline in household ownership of life insurance in the United States by providing
a simplified pathway to purchase life insurance with longevity-focused products that re-establish their relevance with consumers
and restore life insurance as a tool for greater social good. 

Together,
we believe our operating systems comprise a technology innovation stack that makes FOXO capable of scaling to support the demand it expects
to receive from the products and services it intends to sell worldwide. Whether running 1,000 saliva-tests or 10,000,000, we believe
the design of our operating platform and underlying systems will allow them to be highly scalable and as a result we
expect to be able to address accelerating demand in large and growing markets. In addition, as demand and volume of our saliva-based underwriting
technology services scale, we expect to be able to realize significant cost savings across our platforms on the raw material inputs involved
in providing our services. Our technology stack is supported by what we believe are best-in-class no-code software and cloud
computing platforms. 

We
have also built a number of technologies that support researchers and epigenetic science and analysis. Extending our technology to researchers
in longevity science is a key initiative of our business. We are supporting longevity science in a number of ways including the development
of our MethylSuite, which is a high throughput bioinformatics software package that supports calculating, reporting and interpreting epigenetic
data derived from microarray technology; and the Infinium Mouse Methylation Array, a new microarray designed to advance epigenetic research
in model organisms. 

Privacy and Security 

FOXO Technologies is entrusted
with highly personal data and is committed to protecting the privacy and security of its customers and organization. Protection and access
to company data is the keystone of the cybersecurity strategy and is considered the utmost of business requirements. 

3 

FOXO uses the General Data
Protection Regulation GDPR as its guidepost for data protection practices and continues to monitor emerging U.S.
laws. 

FOXO s security program
is built on the following key success factors: tightly controlled access management based on least-privilege authorization, layered defenses,
continuous monitoring, vulnerability testing, rapid response, internal and supply chain risk management, strong executive support, and
regular development of a security culture. Integration of our compliance command center tool enables continuous monitoring of policy and
practices covering service organization control 2 SOC 2 compliance. 

Protecting data privacy and
security is an organizational-wide responsibility. We protect customer data with a variety of processes and monitoring tools, such as: 

Access control is tightly managed with single sign-on, multi-factor authentication, and sensitive data
access limited by least-privilege authorization appropriate for job duties and reviewed quarterly. 

Internal Risk Assessments are performed quarterly to identify areas of risk to mitigate or eliminate to
improve security. 

Supply chain risk is being evaluated in an ongoing manner with our
comprehensive Third-Party Risk Management program. We use a variety of tools to monitor key Software as a Service SaaS provider s security positions as well as regular Risk Assessment questionnaires and evaluations. 

Our internal security team is augmented with a 24/7 Security Operations Center with analysts available
to respond to alerts and protect data based on continuous monitoring for indicators of compromise including elevation of privilege, suspicious
access, and data exfiltration. 

Recognizing employees are heavily targeted for compromise, security prioritizes social engineering
 and phishing awareness with weekly organization-wide updates, quarterly and annual training. Additionally, we manage client systems
 with end-point protection tools and monitoring agents to prevent malware and ransomware attacks. Samples are uniquely identified
 with a code number only, and de-identified to minimize potential exposure during processing. 

All data is encrypted at rest and in transit with industry standards. 

Regular network and application penetration testing is performed to identify potential vulnerabilities. 

Security is an ongoing focus
with continuous improvement to strengthen our security posture, strengthen data protection, eliminate gaps, and expand our security-as-a-culture.
We are completing our control compliance development in preparation for our initial SOC 2 Type II audit. Having a SOC 2 Report will improve
our ability to sell to large organizations and attest to our use of best practices for protecting sensitive data. SOC 2 compliant policies,
procedures, and controls will make it easier to achieve other security certifications, further increasing customer confidence in FOXO
security. 

Intellectual Property 

Our
approach to intellectual property is guided by the following strategic guidelines: create proprietary intellectual property that adds
value, credibility, and competitive advantage; file patents, if possible; and protect our intellectual property as trade-secrets where
meaningful patent protection cannot be achieved. 

Proprietary Intellectual
Property 

We
currently maintain and will continue to create significant trade-secret intellectual property regarding epigenetic biomarker technology.
We work with patent attorneys with particular expertise in the intersection of artificial intelligence, machine learning, and biotechnology
to file patent applications for our inventions where it furthers the protection of our intellectual property. The Pilot Study, as defined
below, serves as the basis of our current proprietary intellectual property assets (trade-secrets and patent claims). Our patent applications
are based on the use of machine learning for epigenetic biomarker identification, the application of epigenetics for underwriting risk
classification, and synthetic DNA methylation prediction. The following patent applications were filed in the United States only with
a non-publication request to prolong confidentiality and allow for an option to abandon one or more in favor of trade secret protection: 

Patent Application USAN 16/579,777: A Machine Learning Model Trained to Classify Risk Using DNA
Epigenetic Data (filed September 23, 2019). 

Patent Application USAN 16/579,818: A Machine Learning Model Trained to Determine Biochemical State
and/or Medical Condition Using DNA Epigenetic Data (filed September 23, 2019). 

Patent Application USAN 16/591,296: Synthetic Probe (filed October 2, 2019). 

4 

A
further patent application will be published in due course: Patent Application USAN 17/482,405: Machine Learned Quality Control
for Epigenetic Data (filed September 22, 2021). 

Licensed Intellectual
Property 

We
have licensed epigenetic clock patent applications from UCLA for use in the life insurance industry. These licenses require
us to achieve certain milestones and pay royalties for the commercial use of the technologies. We intend to continue to pursue licensed
technology where we believe such technology adds value to our products or services. Our licensed technology includes: 

Patent Application USAN 16/323,490 entitled DNA Methylation Based Predictor of Mortality 
(aka DNAm Age , EEAA , Horvath Clock (filed February 5, 2019). 

Patent Application USAN 17/282,318 entitled DNA Methylation Biomarker of Aging for Human Ex Vivo
and In Vivo Studies (aka GrimAge (filed April 1, 2021). 

Patent Application USAN 16/963,065 entitled Phenotypic Age and DNA Methylation Based Biomarkers
for Life Expectancy and Morbidity (aka PhenoAge (filed July 17, 2020). 

Market Opportunity 

In 2019, we completed a pilot study that
sought to measure a wide range of health and wellness factors used in traditional life insurance underwriting with DNA methylation
data derived from blood and saliva (the Pilot Study ). The Pilot Study began after we concluded market
research to inform the product-market fit of combining longevity science with life insurance. Starting in 2018, we initiated
market research to begin working with creative marketing assets to engage agents and consumers. Our market research included renting
a retail storefront in the downtown Minneapolis skyway where we constructed and operated a consumer learning
laboratory. We used this learning laboratory to recruit participants for our Pilot Study, host events, post social media
content, a podcast, and hold learning seminars. This market research allowed us to develop our consumer value proposition, which
includes a full range of benefits to support healthy longevity. The learning laboratory taught us that our value proposition
appealed most to consumers who were tech-savvy, forward-thinking, open-minded, and in the market for life insurance. In addition, we
found that consumers were much more interested in life insurance when we included their longevity as part of the product purchasing
experience. Key learnings from our marketing research included: 

75 of visitors reported they would buy life insurance that included molecular health and wellness insights; 

47 reported they would purchase our life insurance offering even if it were more expensive; 

44 of visitors reported that they had purchased life insurance; 

38 of visitors reported that they purchased life insurance when they first got married; 

younger consumers, aged 40 and younger, were the most engaged demographic participating in events, social
media, site traffic, and consumer surveys; and 

older consumers, aged 45 and older, had the most questions about their data and privacy. 

In
2019, we engaged an insurance industry-leading consultancy to conduct additional market research beyond our Pilot Study to further confirm
our product-market fit hypothesis with agents and consumers. In 2020, the overwhelming conclusion from the market research study was that
the proposition of bundling molecular health and wellness with life insurance and a saliva-based underwriting protocol was incredibly
strong. 

The
market research itself consisted of surveying 500 consumers and 125 agents with a 20-minute online survey designed to gather feedback
on our value propositions. The objectives of the consumer survey were to measure and rank interest in, and general propensity to pay for
(or otherwise perceive distinct or differentiated value in), a life insurance product offering that provides direct consumer benefits
around individualized health and wellness information and aging. Key results from the research include: 

agents surveyed highlighted the pain point of medical underwriting and believed that the carrier
who supports and embraces saliva-based underwriting technology stands to win all the business; 

68 of consumers surveyed indicated they were either excited, motivated, or interested in their individualized
health and wellness information; 

there was a high level of perceived value in receiving health and wellness information, particularly with
agents; 

5 

the impact of bundling the health and wellness value proposition had the immediate effect of moving almost
10 of consumers from non-purchasers of life insurance to prospective purchasers; and 

58 of consumers who indicated they had an interest in purchasing life insurance in the next two years
preferred the FOXO Life concept over life insurance that did not include health and wellness information. 

Overall,
we believe our market research further confirms our product-market-fit hypothesis that longevity science bundled with life insurance will
have an immediate and strong appeal to consumers and agents alike. In addition, our market research indicates that a saliva-based underwriting
protocol that replaces the need for blood and urine specimen collection will be a highly desired offering. The results from our market
research have informed our go-to-market and business development strategy. 

Competition 

We will encounter significant
competition in the life insurance and molecular health and wellness testing business. Many of these competitors have greater financial
and other resources than we do and may have significantly greater access to capital markets. Moreover, some of these competitors have
significant cash reserves and can better fund shortfalls in collections that might have a more pronounced impact on companies such as
FOXO. They also likely have a greater market share. In addition, we compete against other companies seeking to commercialize epigenetic
biomarker underwriting technology, both within the insurance industry, as well as in other applications in other markets. In the event
that the life insurance companies make a significant effort to compete against our business, we would experience significant challenges
to our business model. 

Competition can take many
forms, including the pricing of the financing, transaction structuring, timeliness, and responsiveness in processing a seller s
application and customer service. Some of the competitors may outperform us in these areas. Some competitors target the same type of life
insurance clients as we do and generally have operated in the markets for a longer period of time than us. Increased competition may result
in increased costs of issuing policies through our MGAs, or it may affect the availability and quality of policies that are available
for issuance through our MGAs. These factors could adversely affect our profitability by reducing our return on investment or increasing
our risk. 

Research Development 

Consumer interest in health
and wellness is at an all-time high. This excitement is partly spurred by recent advances in fields such as artificial intelligence, biotechnology,
and longevity science. We want tools that arm our users with valuable insights about their own health and wellness. We have developed
and innovated on a number of biomarkers to help us achieve this for our consumers. 

Predictive Biomarkers 

Many clinical biomarkers represent
indicators of chronic disease conditions. Oftentimes, by the time the chronic disease sets in, the opportunity for prevention has long
passed. Providing early indicators of health trajectories at a molecular scale may provide novel personalized insights into health before
the onset of chronic disease. By, first, bringing awareness to a potential health issue before it arises, we believe small lifestyle interventions
early on can prevent or slow the development of chronic conditions. Molecular biomarkers through the use of epigenetics may serve as a
means to identify more subtle changes in health at a molecular level. 

In order to identify subtle
changes in epigenetic patterning at the early stages of the development of chronic diseases, one must leverage long-standing longitudinal
datasets that have obtained biospecimens from a large number of individuals, then followed those individuals for decades to observe who
developed chronic diseases. Then one may examine the epigenetic patterns of those who never developed chronic diseases and compare their
epigenetic patterns to those who developed specific chronic diseases. Such a study cannot be easily conducted in modern biobanks because
of the lack of longitudinal health data on individuals, especially over decades of time most biobanks are fairly new. 

We have completed the acquisition of
epigenetic data through Harvard University s Brigham and Women s Hospital Physicians Health Study ("PHS in a longitudinal cohort of over 10,000 individuals. Based on our knowledge of published reports and industry knowledge, we believe this
represents one of the largest epigenetic datasets in the world, particularly one with longitudinal health data spanning decades. 
We plan to initiate research collaborations with external scientists at major research institutions to accelerate the discovery of predictive
epigenetic biomarkers. Due to bandwidth limitations, we believe the advantage of this approach is that it accelerates the time to discover
and bring new products to market by making the data more widely available to a larger number of world-class researchers. Furthermore,
limited-to-no additional capital will be needed in the next quarter for this effort as we have completed the milestone payments related
to this research study. 

Biomarkers with Proven Responses 

The key to biotech products
that work in real-world scenarios is rigorous science in both the development and validation of each technology. Because consumers are
demanding tools that provide real-time feedback on the effectiveness of lifestyle interventions, ultimately, large randomized trials are
needed to validate the technology. 

In collaboration with a large
academic research institution, we completed generating epigenetic data in randomized controlled trials that tested the effects of vitamin
D3, omega-3 fatty acid (eicosapentaenoic acid EPA + docosahexaenoic acid DHA )), multivitamin, vitamin E,
and vitamin C. The rich longitudinal health data with the epigenetic data that we generated are ripe for the use of artificial intelligence AI to identify subtle molecular indicators of salutary changes. The value of a more sensitive indicator
of health changes is that you may not have to wait weeks or months before knowing if a certain intervention is effective for you. Such
epigenetic biomarkers may allow rapid n-of-1 (i.e., personalized health) testing of a number of interventions providing
more personalized health regimens to people. 

6 

Strategically, we also plan
to accelerate discovery by leveraging research collaborations with world-class scientists at major research institutions. And, since the
data has already been generated, no further capital is needed for the initial phase of analysis. 

Government Regulation 

The life insurance and direct-to-consumer
testing business is highly regulated at both the federal and state levels. We are subject to federal and state regulation and supervision
in the life insurance business. As described below, there are significant regulations in many states that require us to obtain specific
licenses or approvals to be able to sell life insurance in those states. We continually research and monitor the regulatory environment
and regulatory changes that may apply to our business and intend to apply for the appropriate licenses in the required states, if such
licenses are necessary, both federally and at the state level. We plan to provide our products and services under a distributed testing
mode with separated dry and wet labs, with FOXO Labs analyzing epigenetic biomarkers based on data from outsourced
testing performed by its partner wet lab. Risks related to regulation are detailed in the section entitled Risk Factors
 Risks Related to Our Life Insurance Operations. 

Insurance Regulation Insurance
Products 

The operations of FOXO Life
activities, including working with licensed insurance agents, are subject to a complex, state-by-state regulatory framework that includes
company and producer licensing requirements, life insurance product regulation, financial regulation, and/or market conduct regulation.
Many of these regulations are based upon the NAIC Model Rules, a set of laws, regulations, and guidelines promulgated by the National
Association of Insurance Commissioners as proposed statements of insurance law to be adopted by the 50 states. The inclusion of our planned
Longevity Report with the sale of life insurance is consistent with other life insurance consumer health and engagement models that are
well established in the marketplace. FOXO Life does not expect significant regulatory hurdles for bundling or marketing molecular health
and wellness with life insurance. 

Insurance Regulation Epigenetic
Biomarkers 

Underwriting life insurance
is subject to state insurance regulation. We believe the use of epigenetic biomarkers in life insurance underwriting is permissible due
to the fact that we are seeking to identify similar underwriting impairments already used by other insurance carriers in medical underwriting
today. Moreover, the use of epigenetic testing or information in life insurance underwriting is not prohibited at either the federal or
state level. Florida and Louisiana are the only states that have explicitly sought to prohibit the use of genetic information, which is
distinguishable from epigenetic information, for use in life insurance underwriting. 

Any adverse change in current
laws or regulations, or their interpretation, federally or in one or more states in which we operate or plan to operate (or an aggregation
of states in which we conduct a significant amount of business) could result in our curtailment or termination of operations in such states,
or cause us to not start or modify our operations in a manner that adversely affects our ultimate profitability. Any such action could
have a corresponding material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition, primarily through a material decrease
in revenues, and could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

Human Testing Services Consumer
Engagement and Underwriting 

Conducting human testing is
subject to state and federal regulation. Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments, or CLIA, is the federal law (administered by the
Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS that, in partnership with the states, regulates clinical laboratories
that perform testing on human specimens. The Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the FDC Act gives the United
States Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, the authority to regulate manufacturers of medical devices. We do not believe that our dry
lab data analysis services require certification under CLIA, or that FDA jurisdiction or enforcement would be exercised over insurance
underwriting or our use of data analysis for general health and wellness and non-diagnostic or medical treatment purposes (see section
titled Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Epigenetic Testing Services ). 

7 

Any adverse change in present
laws or regulations, or their interpretation, federally or in one or more states in which we operate or plan to operate (or an aggregation
of states in which we conduct a significant amount of business) could result in our curtailment or termination of operations in such jurisdictions,
or cause us to not start or modify its operations in a way that adversely affects our ultimate profitability. Further, the failure of
our wet-laboratory partners to hold a CLIA certification appropriate to the type of testing they provide could result in adverse regulatory
action (see section titled Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Epigenetic Testing Services ). Any such action could
have a corresponding material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition, primarily through a material decrease
in revenues, and could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

Suppliers and Lab Processing 

Our supplies and lab processing
primarily includes vendors that provide our saliva kits, arrays, and process samples at laboratories. We utilize third-parties
for these supplies and services. While we consider many of these third-parties single suppliers, we have qualified second sources for
our saliva kits and lab processing. Our arrays are specialized, and we would not be able to quickly change suppliers should the need arise. 

Supply interruptions, tariffs
on components used on our saliva kits, arrays and others, or price increases may slow production, delay shipments to our customers or
increase production costs in the future, any of which could adversely affect our financial results. Although we have not experienced any
significant delays or interruptions, we expect that delays, interruptions or non-optimal scheduling of production related to interruptions
in components we use to provide our services would result in an increase to our costs. We can give no assurance that global supply-chain
constraints, geopolitical conflicts or limited ability for third-parties to be able to provide the materials and components we need will
not adversely affect our ability to procure materials and components necessary to develop our products. 

Employees 

As of March 20, 2023, we have
five executive officers and approximately 24 other employees and consultants supporting our business. We have sought to bring together
a diverse and multidisciplinary group of professionals who share in our passion for modernizing the life insurance industry with longevity
science. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

The following risks could
materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations, and the trading price of our
Class A Common Stock could decline. These risk factors do not identify all risks that we face. Our operations could also be affected by
factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial to our operations. Due to risks and uncertainties,
known and unknown, our past financial results may not be a reliable indicator of future performance, and historical trends should not
be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. Refer also to the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form
10-K, including in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
as well as our Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes in Part II, Item 15. 

Risk Factor Summary 

Our
business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that represent challenges, including those highlighted in the section entitled
 Risk Factors , which represent challenges that we face in connection with the successful implementation of our strategy
and growth of our business. Below we summarize what we believe are the principal risk factors, but these risks are not the only ones we
face, and you should carefully review and consider the full discussion of our risk factors in the section titled Risk Factors, together
with the other information in this prospectus. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described in the section entitled
 Risk Factors, alone or in combination with other events or circumstances, may have an adverse effect on our business, cash
flows, financial condition, and results of operations. Such risks include, but are not limited to: 

We have a history of losses and we may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future. 

Our independent registered public accounting firms have included an
explanatory paragraph relating to our ability to continue as a going concern in its report on our audited financial statements included
in this Report, which could limit our ability to raise additional capital and thereby materially adversely impact our business. 

8 

We will require additional capital to commercialize our product and service offerings, including the Longevity Report and Underwriting Report, and grow our business, which may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. 

Our future success depends in large part on the continued participation in the business of Tyler Danielson, our Interim Chief Executive Officer, which cannot be ensured or guaranteed. 

The loss of the services of our other current executives or other key employees, or the failure to attract additional key individuals, could materially adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our business significantly depends upon the strength of our brands, and if we are not able to develop, maintain and enhance our brands, our ability to develop and expand our customer base may be adversely impacted and our business and operating results may be harmed. 

Development of new products and services will require substantial resources, and we cannot guarantee that we will have the resources or ability to continue such development. 

Our success depends, in large part, on our ability to commercialize our technology enabled products and services with a high level of service at a competitive price, achieve sufficient sales volume to realize economies of scale, and create innovative new products and services to offer to our customers. Our failure to achieve any of these outcomes would adversely impact our business. 

Our success and the growth of our business will depend on our ability to effectively and in a cost-feasible manner acquire, maintain, and engage with our targeted customers. If we fail to acquire, maintain, and engage customers, our business, revenue, operating results, and financial condition will be adversely impacted. 

Changes in general economic conditions could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

Risks Related to Our Epigenetic Testing
Services 

Our success and ability to establish and grow our epigenetic testing services will depend on developing epigenetic biomarkers for use in life insurance underwriting. If we fail to develop epigenetic biomarkers that attract and retain life insurance carriers as customers, our operating results and financial condition will be adversely affected. 

We intend to provide consumer engagement through our health and wellness platform; however, competition in the personal health and wellness testing market continues to increase and presents a threat to the success of our business. 

We rely on a limited number of critical third-party suppliers for our epigenetic testing services and in the event we are unable to procure their materials or services, we may not be able to find suitable replacements or immediately transition to alternative suppliers, which will have an adverse impact on our business. 

Our underwriting technology services face substantial competition, which may result in others discovering, developing or commercializing products and services that are similar to ours, before or more successfully than we can. 

We or our partners (or both) may now or in the future be subject to laws and regulations relating to laboratory testing, which could materially adversely impact our ability to offer its products or services. 

9 

Risks Related to Our Life Insurance
Operations 

We rely
 on the selling of life insurance products underwritten and issued by third-party carriers through distribution relationships, and if
 we are unable to contract or maintain such distribution relationships it could materially adversely impact our business and results
 of operations. 

While recent sales gains have occurred in the life insurance industry,
 overall the industry has experienced a decline in product sales which, if this trend continues, could materially adversely impact
 our business and the results of operations. 

Competition in the insurance technology market presents an ongoing
 challenge to the success of our business and if we are unable to compete, our business could be materially adversely impacted . 

We may not be successful in establishing the relationships necessary to execute our business plans, which could have a material adverse impact on our ability to generate revenue and our financial condition. 

We, as part of our insurance business, will collect, process, store, share, disclose and use customer information and other data, and our actual or perceived failure to protect such information and data, respect customer privacy or comply with data privacy and security laws and regulations could damage our reputation and brand and harm our business and operating results. 

We may be unable to prevent or address the misappropriation of our data or data of our customers, which could damage our reputation and materially adversely impact its business. 

We may
 expand operations abroad, through relationships with international life insurance carriers, where we have limited operating
 experience and where we may be subject to increased regulatory risks and local competition. If we are unsuccessful in our efforts to
 expand internationally, our business may be harmed. 

Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 

If we are unable to protect our patent pending methods of identifying saliva-based epigenetic biomarkers or intellectual property in general, the value of our brand and other intangible assets may be diminished, and our business may be adversely impacted. 

We may be unable to obtain sufficiently broad intellectual property protection, or we may lose our intellectual property protection. 

We may be subject to claims that our employees, consultants or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information of third parties or that our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their former employers. 

We may not be successful in registering and enforcing our trademarks. 

We may be subject to claims challenging the inventorship or ownership of our patents and other intellectual property. 

If we become involved in trademark or patent litigation or other proceedings related to a determination of rights, we could incur substantial costs and expenses, substantial liability for damages or be required to stop our development and commercialization efforts of our products and services. 

Risks Related to
Owning Our Securities 

The public market for our securities is volatile. This may affect not only the ability of our
 investors to sell their securities, but the price at which they can sell their securities. 

We are subject to the continued listing standards of the NYSE American and our failure to satisfy
 these criteria may result in delisting of our Class A Common Stock. 

Risks Related to Our
Business and Industry 

We have a history
of losses and it may not achieve or maintain profitability in the future. 

We are a development stage
company and have not been profitable since our inception in 2019, accumulating deficits of 147,231,000 and 51,976,000 as of December 31,
2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. We incurred net losses of 95,255,000 and 38,488,000 in the years ended December 31,
2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. We expect we will require significant capital in connection with our efforts, and we will
be required to continue to make significant investments to further develop and expand our business. In particular, we expect to continue
to expend substantial financial and other resources on sales, marketing and advertising as part of our strategy to develop and increase
our network of independent insurance agents, as well as on research and development activities regarding our epigenetic biomarker technology.
The sales, marketing and advertising expenses that we will incur will typically be expensed immediately. In addition, to the extent our
business ramps up as we expect, we will need to increase our headcount significantly in the coming years. As a public company, we incur
significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. We expect that our net loss will increase
in the near term as we continue to make such investments to grow our business. Despite these investments, we may not succeed in increasing
our revenue on the timeline that we expect or in an amount sufficient to lower our net loss and ultimately become profitable. Moreover,
if our revenue does not increase, we may not be able to reduce costs in a timely manner because many of our costs are fixed, at least
in the short term. In addition, if we reduce variable costs to respond to losses, this may limit our ability to enter into agreements
with new customers and grow our revenues. Accordingly, we may not achieve or maintain profitability and it may continue to incur significant
losses in the future. 

10 

Our
independent registered public accounting firms have included an explanatory paragraph relating to our ability to continue as a going
concern in its report on our audited financial statements, which could limit our ability to raise additional capital and thereby materially
adversely impact its business. 

Our
audited financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were prepared assuming that we will continue as
a going concern. Primarily as a result of our losses, limited working capital, debt obligations and significant operating costs expected
to be incurred in the next twelve months, the reports of our independent registered public accounting firms included elsewhere in
this annual report contain an explanatory paragraph on our financial statements stating there is substantial doubt about our ability to
continue as a going concern. Such an opinion could materially limit our ability to raise additional funds through the issuance of new
debt or equity securities or otherwise. There is no assurance that sufficient financing will be available when needed to allow us to continue
as a going concern. The perception that we may not be able to continue as a going concern may also make it more difficult to operate our
business due to concerns about our ability to meet our contractual obligations. 

If
we are unable to secure additional capital, we may be required to curtail our business initiatives and take additional measures to reduce
costs in order to conserve our cash in amounts sufficient to sustain operations and meet our obligations. These measures could cause a
significant reduction in the scope of our planned development, which could harm its business, financial condition and operating results.
It is not possible for us to predict at this time the potential success of our business. The revenue and income potential of our business
and operations are currently unknown. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that may be necessary should
we be unable to continue as a going concern. 

We will require
additional capital to commercialize our product and service offerings and grow our business, which may not be available on terms acceptable
to us or at all. 

Our present capital is insufficient to meet operating requirements
or to cover losses, and therefore we need to raise additional funds through financings to carry out our business plans. Many factors will
affect our capital needs as well as their amount and timing, including our growth and profitability as well as market disruptions and
other developments. 

Historically,
we have funded our operations, marketing expenditures and capital expenditures primarily through equity issuances and debt instruments.
We evaluate financing opportunities from time-to-time, and our ability to obtain financing will depend, among other things, on our development
efforts, business plans and operating performance, and the condition of the capital markets at the time we seek financing. We cannot be
certain that additional financing will be available to us on favorable terms, or at all. 

If
we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity, equity-linked or debt securities, our existing stockholders may experience
dilution. Any debt financing secured by us in the future could require that a substantial portion of our operating cash flow be devoted
to the payment of interest and principal on such indebtedness, which may decrease available funds for other business activities, and could
involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital-raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make
it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities. 

If
we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us, our ability to continue to support our business growth,
maintain minimum amounts of risk-based capital and to respond to business challenges could be significantly limited, and our business,
results of operations and financial condition could be adversely impacted. 

Recent and future
management changes could disrupt our operations and impair our ability to attract and retain key personnel. 

We
have experienced a number of recent changes to our senior management team, including the departure of our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Operating Officer on November 14, 2022. Our board of directors appointed Tyler Danielson, our Chief Technology Officer, to serve
as our Interim Chief Executive Officer and principal executive officer, effective as of November 14, 2022. Changes in our senior
management and uncertainty regarding any future changes may disrupt our operations, impact partner relationships, and impair our ability
to recruit and retain other needed personnel. Any such disruption or impairment could have an adverse effect on our business. 

11 

Our future success
depends in large part on the continued participation in the business of Tyler Danielson, our Interim Chief Executive Officer, which cannot
be ensured or guaranteed. 

Tyler
Danielson is our Interim Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Danielson will be instrumental in shaping our vision, strategic direction and
execution priorities. There can be no assurance that Mr. Danielson will continue to work for us. Mr. Danielson s departure
from service with the Company could materially adversely impact our business. 

The loss of the
services of our other current executives or other key employees, or the failure to attract additional key individuals, could materially
adversely impact its business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our financial success is dependent to a significant degree upon the
efforts of our current executive officers and other key employees. At present, we do not maintain key-man life insurance policies
for any of these individuals. In addition, our success and viability will depend to a significant extent upon our ability to attract and
retain qualified personnel in all areas of our business, especially the sales, science, and financial management teams. If we were to
lose the key members of our respective teams, we would need to replace them with qualified individuals in a timely manner or our business,
results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely impacted. 

Our
business significantly depends upon the strength of our brands, and if we are not able to develop, maintain and enhance our brands, our
ability to develop and expand our customer base may be adversely impacted and our business and operating results may be harmed. 

We believe that the brand identity we are developing (encompassing
multiple brands) will significantly contribute to the success of our business. Developing, maintaining, and enhancing our brands may require
us to make substantial investments and these investments may not be successful. If we fail to develop, maintain or enhance our brands,
or if we incur excessive expenses in this effort, our business, operating results and financial condition may be materially adversely
impacted. Many of our competitors have brands that are well recognized. As a relatively new entrant into the markets in which we operate,
we will likely spend considerable money and other resources to create brand awareness and build our reputation. We anticipate that, as
our market becomes increasingly competitive, maintaining and enhancing our brands may become increasingly difficult and expensive. 

We
may not be able to build brand awareness, and our efforts at building, maintaining and enhancing our reputation could fail. Complaints
or negative publicity about our business practices, our marketing and advertising campaigns, our compliance with applicable laws and regulations,
the integrity of the data that we provide to consumers or business partners, data privacy and security issues, and other aspects of our
business, whether valid or not, could diminish confidence in our brands, which could adversely impact our reputation and business. Our
management team could be subject to negative publicity that could interfere with our ability to successfully establish its brand or impact
our ability to compete for business or attract and retain customers. 

We were formed to become a separate and independently managed and controlled
entity from GWG Holdings, Inc. GWG ). GWG, which remains a significant stockholder in FOXO, on April 20, 2022,
has filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in the Federal Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas. Our former Chief Executive
Officer, who is a former member of our board of directors, was an officer and director of GWG prior to our initial formation in November 11,
2019. We are not a party to this bankruptcy and our former board member has not been an officer or director of GWG since April 2019, but
the bankruptcy proceedings could negatively impact our brand. 

As
we commercialize and expand our product offerings and enter new markets, we need to establish our reputation with customers, and to the
extent that we are not successful in creating positive impressions, our business could be adversely impacted. There can be no assurance
that we will be able to develop, maintain or enhance our reputation, and failure to do so could materially adversely impact our business,
results of operations and financial condition. If we are unable to develop, maintain or enhance consumer awareness of our brands in a
cost-effective manner, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely impacted. 

Members of our
management team may, from time to time, be associated with negative media coverage or become involved in legal or regulatory proceedings
or investigations unrelated to our business. 

Members
of our management team have been involved in a wide variety of businesses, including transactions, such as sales and purchases of businesses,
and ongoing operations. As a result of such involvement, members of our management team may from time to time be associated with negative
media coverage or become involved in legal or regulatory proceedings or investigations unrelated to our business. Any negative media coverage,
regulatory proceedings or investigations related to our management team, may be detrimental to the management team s reputation
or result in other negative consequences or damages, which could cause a material adverse impact on our business and the stock price of
our Company. 

12 

Development of
new products and services will require substantial resources, and we cannot guarantee that we will have the resources or ability to continue
such development. 

Developing
new products and services requires substantial technical, financial and human resources, whether or not any products or services are ultimately
commercialized. We may pursue what we believe is a promising opportunity only to discover that certain of its risk or resource allocation
decisions were incorrect or insufficient, or that individual products, services or its science in general has technology limitations or
risks that were previously unknown or underappreciated. In the event material decisions in any of these areas turn out to be incorrect or sub-optimal,
we may experience a material adverse impact on our business and ability to fund our operations. 

Our success is
based on our ability to integrate molecular biotechnology into the life insurance industry, and our inability to do so may adversely affect
our operating results, business prospects and our ability to repay our obligations. 

The success of our business is based in large part upon our ability
to create new products and services by integrating molecular biotechnology into the life insurance industry. We expect that current and
future developments in molecular biotechnology will enhance the life insurance industry; however, the industry s acceptance of molecular
biotechnology will primarily be impacted by a variety of factors such as the acceptance of new products and services by consumers, insurance
carriers, and agents; as well as the interpretation of existing laws and regulations (including laws relating to privacy), the passage
of new legislation and regulations, actuarial understandings and methodologies, and future innovations in molecular biotechnology. Importantly,
the factors that we believe will most significantly affect the development and success of our products and services in the life insurance
industry are beyond our control. Any material or adverse development in the life insurance market could adversely affect our operating
results, our access to capital, and our business prospects and viability. Because of this, an investment in the Class A Common Stock of
our Company generally involves greater risk as compared to investments offered by companies with more diversified business operations
in more established markets. 

Our success depends,
in large part, on our ability to commercialize our technology enabled products and services with a high level of service at a competitive
price, achieve sufficient sales volume to realize economies of scale, and create innovative new products and services to offer to our
customers. Our failure to achieve any of these outcomes would adversely impact our business. 

Our
success depends, in large part, on our ability to extend our technology enabled products and services to the life insurance market with
a high level of service at a competitive price, achieve sufficient sales volume to realize economies of scale, and create innovative new
products and services to offer to our customers. The growth and expansion of our business and service offerings, once such offerings are
commercialized, is expected to place a continuous significant strain on our management, operational and financial resources. To effectively
manage our growth following development and commercialization of our products and services, we must continue to implement and improve
our operational, financial and management information systems and to expand, train and manage our employee base. While we plan to partner
with third-party commercialization partners, as well as one or more domestic and/or international insurance carriers, we must continue
to work to scale our own operations to meet increases in demand for our products and services. In the event of further growth of our operations
or in the number of our third-party relationships, our supply, systems, procedures or internal controls may not be adequate to support
our operations and our management may not be able to manage any such growth effectively. 

Even
if we are able to successfully scale our infrastructure and operations, we cannot ensure that demand for our products and services will
increase at levels consistent with the growth of our infrastructure. If we fail to generate demand commensurate with this growth or if
we fail to scale our infrastructure sufficiently in advance to meet such demand, our business, financial condition and results of operations
could be materially adversely impacted. 

We have limited
experience commercializing our products or technology, which makes it difficult to evaluate our prospects and predict our products 
future performance. 

Our operations to date have been focused on developing and commercializing
our technologies and products, including developing and commercializing the Underwriting Report and Longevity Report. The performance
of our market tests may not be indicative of the performance our customers experience following commercial launch, and we may need to
make modifications to improve our products. Further, the Underwriting Report is being shown to potential insurance customers to gather
feedback to achieve a product-market fit and successfully commercialize our products, and we may make modifications to improve the reliability,
quality and/or functionality of the Underwriting Report as we receive feedback. There can be no assurance that we will be able to timely
achieve market acceptance for either the Longevity Report or Underwriting Report, in the future. We have limited experience developing
our products and technology for commercial use, conducting sales and marketing activities at scale and managing customer support at the
commercial level. Further, while we are continuing to develop the Underwriting and Longevity Reports, we have no experience commercializing
such reports. Consequently, predictions about our future success or viability are highly uncertain and hard to predict as a result of
our limited operating history, the development stage of our products and our limited history commercializing our technologies or products.
Our prospects must be considered in light of the uncertainties, risks, expenses, and difficulties frequently encountered by companies
in their early stages of operations. 

13 

Further,
we are transitioning from a company with a focus on research and development to a company capable of supporting both research and development
and commercial activities, and we may not be successful in this transition. We have encountered in the past, and will encounter in the
future, risks and uncertainties, delays and scientific setbacks frequently experienced by development stage companies with limited operating
histories in competitive and rapidly changing industries, such as the genomics industry. If our assumptions regarding these risks and
uncertainties, which we use to plan and operate our business, commercialization activities, are incorrect or change, or if we do not address
these risks, delays or uncertainties successfully, our results of operations could differ materially from our expectations, and our business,
financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. To the extent we are successful in developing our products
or technology, but demand for our products and/or our generated revenues are not enough to cover our ongoing expenses, we may need to
raise additional capital to continue our operations and commercialization of our products and services. 

We expect our revenue
and results of operations to fluctuate on a quarterly and annual basis. 

Our
revenue and results of operations could vary significantly from period-to-period and may fail to match expectations as a result of
a variety of factors, some of which are outside of our control. Among other factors, our revenue and results may vary as a result of fluctuations
in the number of customers purchasing insurance products, research and development expenditures, and/or the timing and amount of our expenses.
Fluctuations and variability across the industry may affect our revenue and results of operations. As a result of the potential variations
in our revenue and results of operations, period-to-period comparisons may not be meaningful and the results of any one period should
not be relied on as an indication of future performance. In addition, our results of operations may not meet the expectations of investors
or public market analysts who follow our Company, which may adversely impact our stock price. 

Covenants in our
indebtedness could limit our flexibility and adversely affect our financial condition. 

Our
outstanding indebtedness contains several restrictive covenants, including that we cannot, without the prior written consent of 50.01 
of the holders of our senior promissory notes (the Notes ), create or incur any other indebtedness. If any of our
covenants are breached and not cured within applicable cure periods, the breach could result in acceleration of our indebtedness and penalties.
Limitations on our ability to incur new indebtedness under the terms of our debt securities may limit the amount of new investments we
make. 

The
Notes mature on April 1, 2024 (the Maturity Date ), and accrue interest at an annual interest rate of 15 , commencing
on the issuance date, compounded quarterly on each December 20, March 20, June and September 20 until the Maturity Date and on the Maturity
Date itself (each, an Interest Payment Due Date ). Interest is payable by increasing the principal amount of the Note
(with such increased amount accruing interest as well) on each Interest Payment Due Date PIK Interest ). Monthly
payments on the outstanding principal amount of the Note, as such amount may be increased as the result of the payment of PIK Interest
(the Outstanding Principal Balance ), will commence on November 1, 2023, until the Outstanding Principal Balance
has been paid in full on the Maturity Date, or, if earlier, upon acceleration, or prepayment of the Note in accordance with the Notes
terms. A default by us on the Notes would have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity and the market price of our Class
A Common Stock. 

The warrants issued
by FOXO under its January 2021 bridge financings and assumed by the Company as part of the Business Combination have anti-dilution rights
that could be triggered as part of future financings. 

If FOXO raises additional funds through the issuance of equity, equity-linked
or debt securities with an exercise price lower than 6.21 per share at such time as the Assumed Warrants issued under the January
2021 bridge financing are outstanding, the anti-dilution protection provisions in the Assumed Warrants will be triggered. Specifically,
the exercise price and number of warrant shares of the Assumed Warrants will be adjusted to reflect such lower issuance price as the new
equity is sold and the number of shares issuable under the Assumed Warrant will be increased such that the aggregate exercise price after
the lower price adjustment shall be equal to the aggregate exercise price prior to adjustment. This anti-dilution adjustment will
have a dilutive effect on the Company s equity and may hamper its ability to complete future financings. 

14 

There is no guarantee
that the exercise price of our Warrants will ever be less than the trading price of our Class A Common Stock on NYSE American, and they
may expire worthless. In addition, we may reduce the exercise price of the Private and Public Warrants in accordance with the provisions
of the Warrant Agreement, and a reduction in exercise price of the Private and Public Warrants would decrease the maximum amount of cash
proceeds we could receive upon the exercise in full of the Private and Public Warrants for cash. 

As
of the date of this Report, the exercise price for our Public and Private Warrants is 11.50 per share of Class A Common Stock, and the
exercise price for our Assumed Warrants is 6.21 per share of Class A Common Stock. On March 29, 2023, the closing price of our Class
A Common Stock was 0.37. If the price of our shares of Class A Common Stock remains below the respective exercise prices of our Warrants,
we believe our warrant holders will be unlikely to cash exercise their Warrants, resulting in little or no cash proceeds to us. There
is no guarantee that our Warrants will be in the money prior to their expiration and, as such, our Warrants may expire worthless. In addition,
at the current exercise price of 11.50 per share for the Public and Private Warrants, and 6.21 per share for the Assumed Warrants, we
will receive up to 131.2 million from the exercise of the Warrants, assuming the exercise in full of all of the Warrants for cash. However,
we may lower the exercise price of the Public Warrants and the Private Warrants in accordance with Section 9.8 of the Warrant Agreement
to induce the holders to exercise such warrants. The Company may effect such reduction in exercise price without the consent of warrant
holders and such reduction would decrease the maximum amount of cash proceeds we would receive upon the exercise in full of the Warrants
for cash. In addition, in the event the Company issues Class A Common Stock or common stock equivalents that trigger the full ratchet
anti-dilution provision in the Assumed Warrants, then the exercise price of the Assumed Warrants may be reduced and any subsequent exercises
would decrease the amount of proceeds the Company receives for each share of Class A Common Stock. 

Our
success and the growth of our business will depend on our ability to effectively and in a cost-feasible manner acquire, maintain, and
engage with our targeted customers. If we fail to acquire, maintain, and engage customers, our business, revenue, operating results, and
financial condition will be adversely impacted. 

As
a new company, we anticipate that sales and marketing expenses will continue to represent a sizeable part of our overall operating costs
for the foreseeable future. We cannot guarantee, however, that our investments in sales and marketing will effectively reach potential
customers, potential customers will decide to buy our products or services, or that customer spend for our products and services will
yield the intended return on investment. 

In
addition, many factors, some of which are beyond our control, may reduce our ability to acquire, maintain and engage with customers, including
the following: 

potential customers fail to accept
or adopt epigenetic biomarker technology for use in underwriting risk classification; 

our competitors mimic our digital platform, causing current and potential customers to purchase their insurance products instead of our products; 

changes in advertising platforms pricing, which could result in higher advertising costs, and changes in digital advertising platforms policies, that may delay or prevent us from advertising through these channels; 

changes in search algorithms by search engines; 

ineffectiveness of our marketing efforts and other spend to acquire new customers; 

decline in popularity of, or governmental restrictions on, social media platforms where we plan to advertise; 

the development of new search engines or social media sites that reduce traffic on existing search engines and social media sites; 

suffering reputational harm to our brand resulting from negative publicity, whether accurate or inaccurate; 

failing to expand geographically; 

failing to obtain or maintain insurance licensure in jurisdictions where we sell our products ; 

failing to offer new and competitive products; 

failing to develop effective distribution systems; 

15 

technical or other problems frustrate the customer experience; 

we are unable to address customer concerns regarding the content, privacy and security; or 

consumer behavior changes as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Our
inability to overcome these challenges could adversely impact our ability to attract and add new customers, as well as retain existing
customers, once obtained, and could have an adverse effect on our business, revenue, operating results and financial condition. Further,
if our customer base does not grow, we may be required to incur significantly higher marketing expenses than we currently anticipate in
order to attract new customers. A significant decline in our customer base could have a materially adverse impact on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

Security incidents
or real or perceived errors, failures, or bugs in our systems or websites could adversely impact our operations, result in loss of personal
customer information, damage our reputation and brand, and harm our business and operating results. 

Our success will be dependent on our systems, applications, and software
operating and meeting the changing needs of our customers and users. We will rely on our technology and vendors to successfully implement
changes to and maintain our systems and services in an efficient and secure manner. Like all information systems and technology, our websites
may contain material errors, failures, vulnerabilities or bugs, particularly when new features or capabilities are released, and may be
subject to computer viruses or malicious code, break-ins, phishing impersonation attacks, attempts to overload our servers with denial-of-service or
other attacks, ransomware and similar incidents or disruptions from unauthorized use of our computer systems, as well as unintentional
incidents causing data leakage, any of which could lead to interruptions, delays or website or online app shutdowns, or could cause loss
of critical data, or the unauthorized disclosure, access, acquisition, alteration or use of personal or other confidential information. 

If
we experience compromises to our security that result in technology performance, integrity, or availability problems, the complete shutdown
of our websites or the loss or unauthorized disclosure, access, acquisition, alteration or use of confidential information, customers
or potential customers may lose trust and confidence in us, and may decrease the use of our systems or websites, or stop using our systems
or websites entirely. Further, outside parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or customers to disclose sensitive information
in order to gain access to our information, including customer information. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access,
disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently, they are often not recognized until launched against a target, and
may originate from less regulated and remote areas around the world, we may be unable to proactively address these techniques or to implement
adequate preventative measures. Even if we take steps that we believe are adequate to protect us from cyber threats, hacking against our
competitors or other companies could create the perception among our customers or potential customers that our systems or websites are
not safe to use. 

A significant impact on the performance, reliability, security, and
availability of our systems, software, or services may harm our reputation, impair our ability to operate, retain customers or attract
new customers for the FOXO brands, and expose us to legal claims and government action, each of which could have a material adverse impact
on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

Changes in general
economic conditions could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

Changes
in general economic conditions, including, for example, interest rates, investor sentiment, changes specifically affecting the insurance
industry, biotechnology industry, competition, technological developments, political and diplomatic events, tax laws, and other factors
not known to us today, could substantially and materially adversely impact our business. For example, changes in interest rates may increase
our cost of capital and ability to raise capital and have a corresponding adverse impact on our operating results. While we may engage
in certain hedging activities to mitigate the impact of these changes, none of these conditions are or will be within our control. Changes
in general economic conditions may also negatively impact demand for life insurance and our other products and services. 

16 

If we are unable to maintain effective internal control over
financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures, the accuracy and timing of our financial reporting may be adversely affected. 

We are required to comply
with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which requires management assessments of the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. Prior to our Business Combination, although we had effective internal controls and procedures,
we were a private company with limited accounting and finance personnel, review processes and other resources with which to address our
internal controls and procedures. 

Based on the evaluation of
our internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures, we concluded that both were effective as of December
31, 2022. However, due to the current size of our Company and our limited personnel, we may not be able to maintain effective internal
control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures in the future. 

We can give no assurance that
we will be able to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures, or that no material
weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting will be identified in the future. If we encounter material weaknesses 
in our internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual
or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis, it could lead to errors in our financial statements
that could result in a restatement of our financial statements and cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Further, If we
are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures, our ability to record,
process and report financial information accurately and to prepare financial statements within required time periods could be adversely
affected, which could subject us to litigation or investigations requiring management resources and payment of legal and other expenses,
negatively affect investor confidence in our financial statements, restrict access to capital markets and adversely impact our stock price. 

Our business may
be adversely impacted by the continuation of the COVID-19 pandemic. 

In
2020, the global COVID-19 pandemic spread to every country and every state in the United States. The World Health Organization designated
COVID-19 as a pandemic, and numerous countries, including the United States, declared national emergencies with respect to the COVID-19 pandemic.
While vaccines have been approved and are slowly being deployed, the global impact of the outbreak continues to adversely affect many
industries, and different geographies continue to reflect the effects of public health restrictions in various ways. The timing and likelihood
of achieving widespread global vaccination remain uncertain, and these vaccines may be less effective against new variants, potentially
leading people to continue to self-isolate and not participate in the economy at pre-pandemic levels for a prolonged period
of time. 

The
economic recovery following the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is only partially underway and has been gradual, uneven and characterized
by meaningful dispersion across sectors and regions with uncertainty regarding its ultimate length and trajectory. Further, although many
jurisdictions had relaxed or lifted restrictions in an effort to generate more economic activity, the risk of continued COVID-19 outbreaks
remains, and some jurisdictions may re-impose restrictions in an effort to mitigate risks to public health, especially as more infectious
variants of the virus emerge. Increasing infection rates and hospitalizations in certain geographies and a potential resulting market
downturn may have a negative impact on our planned products and services as well as the business of third parties on which it may rely,
and as a result could materially adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. It is also possible that
the global recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic may reduce demand for personal life insurance and our other products and services. 

These
and other potential impacts make it more challenging for management to estimate the future performance of our business. While we cannot
predict the specific impacts to our business, financial condition and results of operations, the impacts could be materially negative.
These impacts will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and out of our control, including, among others, the duration
and intensity of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as the subsequent resumption of business operations and recovery of discretionary
consumer spending across the globe. Additional impacts may arise that we are not aware of currently. The potential of such additional
impacts intensifies the business and operating risks that we face, and should be considered when reading the additional risk factors below. 

We may expand
operations abroad, through relationships with international life insurance carriers, where we have limited operating experience and where
we may be subject to increased regulatory risks and local competition. If we are unsuccessful in efforts to expand internationally, our
business may be harmed. 

Regulations
exist or are under consideration in countries outside the United States, which limit or prevent the sale of direct-to-consumer genetic
tests. Some countries, including Australia, require premarket review by their regulatory body similar to that required in the United States
by the FDA. Some countries, including Australia, Germany, France and Switzerland, require a physician prescription for genetic tests providing
health information, thus limiting our offering in those countries to an ancestry-only test. Other countries require mandatory genetic
counseling prior to genetic testing. If similar prohibitions were enacted with respect to epigenetic testing, or the scope of the aforementioned
regulations were expanded to include epigenetics, it could limit the available market for our products and services and increase the costs
associated with marketing the products and services where we are able to offer our products. 

We may expand our life insurance business internationally, which will
subject us to additional laws and regulatory standards with respect to the insurance business and insurance distribution. We have no previous
experience in operating our life insurance business internationally, may incur significant operating expenses in connection thereto, and
may not be successful in our compliance with such international laws and regulations. 

17 

Legal developments in the European Union have created a range of new
compliance obligations regarding transfers of personal data from the European Union to the United States, including the GDPR and UK GDPR,
which may apply to certain of our activities related to services or products that we offer or may offer to individuals located in the
European Union. Significant effort and expense will be required to ensure compliance with the GDPR and UK GDPR, and could cause us to
change our business practices. Moreover, requirements under the GDPR and UK GDPR may change periodically or may be modified by the European
Union or the UK and/or the laws of one or more countries. The GDPR and UK GDPR impose stringent compliance obligations regarding the handling
of personal data and have resulted in the issuance of significant financial penalties for noncompliance, including possible fines of up
to 4 of global annual turnover for the preceding financial year or 20 million/ 17.5 million (whichever is higher)
for the most serious violations. 

We
may also need to achieve and maintain International Standards Organization (or ISO) certification of our future Quality Management Systems.
If we are not able to achieve or maintain regulatory compliance, we may not be permitted to market our insurance products and/or may be
subject to enforcement by EU Competent Authorities, bodies with authority to act on behalf of the government of the applicable EU Member
State, or other nations which adopt similar standards, to ensure that the requirements of the directive or regulation are met. 

If
we fail to comply with any applicable laws and regulations, we may not be able to expand internationally or could become subject to enforcement
actions or the imposition of significant monetary fines, other penalties, or claims, which could harm our ability to conduct our business
and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We are exposed
to risks related to litigation and other legal proceedings. 

We
operate in a highly regulated and litigious environment. We have and may become involved in legal proceedings, including litigation, arbitration
and other claims, and investigations, inspections, audits, claims, inquiries and similar actions by insurance, tax and other governmental
authorities. 

Legal
proceedings, in general, and securities, derivative action and class action and multi-district litigation, in particular, can be expensive
and disruptive. Some of these suits may purport or may be determined to be class actions and/or involve parties seeking large and/or indeterminate
amounts, including punitive or exemplary damages, and may remain unresolved for several years. 

We are subject to extensive regulation by national, state and local
government agencies in the United States, as well as in other countries in which we may operate. There continues to be a heightened level
of review and/or audit by regulatory authorities of, and increased litigation regarding, our related industry s business, compliance
and reporting practices. As a result, we are and may be the subject of government actions of the types described above. 

We cannot predict with certainty the outcomes of any legal proceedings
and other contingencies, and the costs incurred in litigation can be substantial, regardless of the outcome. Substantial unanticipated
verdicts, fines and rulings do sometimes occur. As a result, we could from time to time incur judgments, enter into settlements or revise
our expectations regarding the outcome of certain matters, and such developments could harm our reputation and have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations in the period in which the amounts are accrued and/or our cash flows in the period in which the amounts
are paid. In addition, as a result of governmental investigations or proceedings, we may be subject to damages, civil or criminal fines
or penalties, or other sanctions. The outcome of some of these legal proceedings and other contingencies could require us to take, or
refrain from taking, actions which could negatively affect our operations. Additionally, defending against these lawsuits and proceedings
may involve significant expense and diversion of management s attention and resources. 

Risks Related to Our
Epigenetic Testing Services 

Our success and
ability to establish and grow our epigenetic testing services will depend on developing epigenetic biomarkers for use in life insurance
underwriting. If we fail to develop epigenetic biomarkers that attract and retain life insurance carriers as customers, our operating
results and financial condition will be adversely affected. 

We
are still in the process of developing our saliva-based epigenetic biomarkers for use in life insurance underwriting. If our efforts
to develop saliva-based epigenetic biomarkers for health and wellness conditions used in life insurance underwriting fail, our ability
to attract customers for our underwriting technology services will be adversely impacted. 

Our ability to attract and add new insurance or reinsurance carriers
as customers, as well as retain existing customers, once obtained, depends, in large part, on the ability of our epigenetic biomarkers
to provide accurate, cost-effective information for life insurance underwriting. If life insurance carriers or reinsurance carriers
do not perceive our underwriting technology services to be reliable and of high quality, if we fail to introduce new and improved products
and services, or if we introduce new products or services that are not favorably received by the market, we may not be able to attract
or retain customers. In order for our epigenetic biomarkers technology to provide actuarial value, we may be required to incur significantly
higher research and development expenses, costs related to improving our services, and lower margins in order to attract new customers
and retain existing customers. 

18 

While we will strive to demonstrate the actuarial value of epigenetic
biomarker technology we are developing for insurance companies, reinsurers, underwriters, and insurance agents, these counterparts may
not embrace our underwriting technology services. Moreover, if we fail to be competitive on pricing and actuarial accuracy, our ability
to grow our business and generate revenue by attracting and retaining customers may be adversely impacted. 

Many
factors, some of which are beyond our control, may reduce our ability to sell our underwriting technology services, including those described
in this Risk Factors section and the following: 

our potential carrier customers or regulators not understanding or appreciating our science or results (including lack of understanding of the difference between genetics and epigenetics); 

our competitors offering alternative underwriting solutions; 

suffering reputational harm to our brand resulting from negative publicity, whether accurate or inaccurate; 

failing to offer price competitive products and services; 

experiencing technical or other problems that inhibit our ability to service carrier customers in a fast and reliable manner; 

being unable to address regulatory concerns regarding the application of epigenetic biomarkers for use in life insurance underwriting; 

experiencing regulatory changes that make epigenetics unavailable for use in life insurance underwriting; 

being unable to address customer concerns regarding content, privacy and security; or 

being impacted by consumer behavior changes as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Our
inability to overcome these challenges could adversely impact our ability to execute our underwriting technology services business and
could have an adverse effect on our business, revenue, operating results and financial condition. The inability to commercialize our underwriting
technology services business would have a materially adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We are applying
the relatively new field of epigenetics science to life insurance underwriting, which we cannot guarantee will produce the results we
seek or need for our business model. 

While
the scientific field of epigenetics and its importance in gene expression is well understood, the scientific field is still developing
and the concept of obtaining individually predictive biomarkers of health and wellness from saliva is novel. Most epigenetic research
to date has been conducted from blood specimens and has produced extensive peer reviewed publications on the association between DNA methylation
and health and wellness factors associated with life insurance underwriting (e.g., tobacco use, cardiovascular health, metabolic health,
alcohol use). These association studies, while informative, differ from the individually predictive epigenetic biomarkers we develop and
require for use in life insurance underwriting. In addition, these peer reviewed association studies have not published extensive research
on DNA methylation derived from saliva. Accordingly, while we believe that individually predictive biomarkers are available in saliva
at accuracy levels that are actuarially significant for use in life insurance underwriting, we cannot guarantee the accuracy of such epigenetic
biomarkers, and any errors in the accuracy or results provided by such biomarkers could hinder our ability to gain market share in a very
competitive industry. If we are unable to obtain individually predictive epigenetic biomarkers in saliva at accuracy levels efficacious
for life insurance underwriting, or if the epigenetic biomarkers do not perform as expected, it could significantly affect our ability
to generate revenue from such products, which could then result in a complete loss of your investment. 

19 

Our 2019 pilot
study demonstrated that epigenetic biomarkers are available in both blood and saliva for traditional life insurance underwriting risk
factors, but further research may not validate or improve the results discovered in the Pilot Study. 

In
2019, we completed a pilot study that sought to measure a wide range of health and wellness factors used in traditional life insurance
underwriting with DNA methylation data derived from blood and saliva (the Pilot Study ). While the Pilot Study was
able to identify patterns of DNA methylation (i.e., epigenetic biomarkers) of individuals that corresponded to clinical health and wellness
measurements used in standard life insurance underwriting, we cannot guarantee that the results of the Pilot Study are completely accurate,
or that the results of the Pilot Study will be further validated or improved upon in follow-on research which could negatively impact
our ability to pursue our business plans and generate revenue. 

We currently have
research projects planned and underway designed to further discover, improve and validate the use of our epigenetic biomarkers for our
commercial purposes, but we cannot guarantee the results of such research and any negative results may negatively impact our ability
to pursue our business plans. 

Our
current and planned research projects are designed to further discover, improve and validate the use of epigenetic biomarkers for commercial
use in life insurance underwriting. The main research projects we have underway are the Physicians Health Study and the Parallel
Run Study. 

While
we believe these research projects will lead to the discovery, improvement, and commercial validation for the use of its proprietary epigenetic
biomarker technology, we cannot guarantee the results of these studies, nor can we guarantee that insurance carriers, agents, underwriters,
and consumers will use our products and services based on the results of such studies. Our results may be misleading or inaccurate, which
could adversely impact the acceptance of our products and services, and our overall ability to continue pursuing our business plans. If
the results from its research studies differ from what we expect, or if such results are not accepted by insurance carriers, agents, underwriters,
and consumers, it will adversely impact our ability to pursue our business plans and generate revenue, which could result in a complete
loss of your investment. 

We intend to provide
consumer engagement through our health and wellness platform; however, competition in the personal health and wellness testing market
continues to increase and presents a threat to the success of our business. 

The number of companies entering the personal health and wellness testing
market with offerings similar to those that we provide through our health and wellness testing platform continues to increase. We believe
that our ability to offer consumer engagement services that add value to life insurance depends upon many factors both within and beyond
our control, including the following: 

the timing and market acceptance of health and wellness products and services, including the developments and enhancements to those products and services offered by us or our competitors; 

the customer service and support efforts required to provide personal health and wellness testing services on our platform; 

the selling and marketing efforts required to support consumers and agents using our consumer engagement services; 

the ease of use, performance, price and reliability of solutions developed either by us or our competitors; and 

our brand strength relative to our competitors. 

We
anticipate we will also face competition from other companies attempting to capitalize on the same, or similar, opportunities as we are,
including from existing diagnostic, laboratory services and other companies entering the personal health and wellness testing market with
new offerings such as direct access and/or consumer self-pay tests and interpretation services. Some of our current and potential
competitors have longer operating histories and greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we do. These factors
may allow our competitors to respond more quickly or efficiently than we can to new or emerging technologies. These competitors may engage
in more extensive research and development efforts, undertake more far-reaching marketing campaigns and adopt more aggressive pricing
policies, which may allow them to build larger customer bases than we have. Our competitors may develop products or services that are
similar to our products and services or that achieve greater market acceptance than our products and services. This could attract customers
away from our services and reduce our market share. 

We rely on a limited
number of critical third-party suppliers for our epigenetic testing services and in the event we are unable to procure our materials or
services, we may not be able to find suitable replacements or immediately transition to alternative suppliers, which will have an adverse
impact on our business. 

We
rely on a limited number of critical third-party suppliers for our epigenetic testing, including: (1) the maker of our DNA Kit,
which is required for the collection of our customers saliva; (2) a provider of microarrays; and (3) a provider of array
processing and wet-lab services to deliver the raw epigenetics data to us. Our suppliers could cease supplying these materials, equipment
and/or services at any time, or fail to provide us with sufficient quantities of materials/services or materials/services that meet our
specifications, or significantly increase the costs of providing the materials or services to us. Our operations could be interrupted
if we encounter delays or difficulties in securing these materials or services, or if we cannot locate an acceptable substitute. Any such
interruption could significantly impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and reputation. 

20 

Our underwriting
technology services face substantial competition, which may result in others discovering, developing or commercializing products and services
that are similar to ours, before or more successfully than we can. 

While we believe we are the first company to seek to directly apply
saliva-based epigenetic biomarker technology to life insurance underwriting, we have not yet fully developed and commercialized,
and may never successfully develop or commercialize, our saliva-based underwriting technology for the insurance market. Moreover,
our business faces substantial competition from larger, more established companies with products and services that have been accepted
by insurance and underwriting markets and may impair our ability to compete to commercialize our products and services in the life insurance
industry. 

We
recognize that other companies, including larger insurance, insurance technology and biotechnology companies, may be developing or have
plans to develop products and services that may compete with ours. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical,
and human resources than we have. In addition, many of our competitors have significantly greater experience than we have in developing
various underwriting protocols and marketing and commercializing products and services similar to ours. Our competitors may discover,
develop or commercialize products and services that are more effective, safer or less costly than any products or services that we are
developing. Our competitors may also obtain regulatory approval for their products and services more rapidly than we may obtain approval
for our planned insurance products, underwriting protocol and testing services. 

We anticipate that competition with our insurance products and underwriting
testing services will be based on a number of factors, including product efficacy, accuracy, availability and price. Our competitive position
will also depend upon our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, to obtain patent protection or otherwise develop and maintain
proprietary products or processes, protect our intellectual property including our trade secrets, and to secure sufficient capital resources
to support the development and commercialization of our products and services. 

We or our partners
(or both) may now or in the future be subject to laws and regulations relating to laboratory testing, which could materially adversely
impact our ability to offer our products or services. 

The
clinical laboratory testing sector is highly regulated in the United States. Both us and our partners may now, or in the future,
be subject to regulation under the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments CLIA ), or similar state laboratory
licensure laws. CLIA is a federal law (administered by the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS) that, in partnership
with the states, regulates clinical laboratories that perform testing on specimens derived from humans for the purpose of providing information
for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of disease or impairment of, or assessment of the health of, human beings. CLIA regulations
require clinical laboratories to obtain a certificate commensurate with the type of testing being performed and mandate specific standards
in areas including personnel qualifications, administration, participation in proficiency testing, patient test management and quality
assurance. CLIA certificates must be renewed every two years, and renewal requires undergoing survey and inspection. CLIA and/or
state inspectors may conduct random inspections or conduct inspections as a result of a complaint or reported incident. 

DNA
methylation profiling of consumer saliva specimens will be performed by our wet-laboratory partners. The failure of our laboratory
partners to hold CLIA certification or accreditation appropriate to the type of testing they perform, or to comply with CLIA regulations
or applicable state licensure requirements could result in adverse regulatory action that, if not timely corrected, could result in us
being unable to continue using their services, which could adversely affect our business. Similarly, if our laboratory partners do not
hold state permits or licenses in those states that require them, it may limit our ability to offer our products and services on a national
basis. 

Because
we do not directly analyze human specimens in our facilities, but instead perform only data analysis or dry lab services,
our bioinformatics analysis activities are not subject to CLIA. It is possible that, in the future, CLIA may apply to our activities,
which could result in us being unable to offer our services or could require additional expenditures to obtain certification, both of
which could materially adversely impact our business. We could face similar adverse impacts if a state regulator were to conclude that
our bioinformatics activities were subject to state laboratory licensure. Similar adverse consequences could result if CLIA or state regulators
disagree with our laboratory partners interpretation of CLIA or our applicability to their testing services. 

21 

Our underwriting
technology and molecular health and wellness engagement services may now or in the future be subject to laws and regulations relating
to laboratory developed tests and software, which could materially adversely impact our business. 

The
Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the FDC Act gives the United States Food and Drug Administration, or FDA,
the authority to regulate manufacturers of medical devices, which are defined to include , among other requirements, in vitro
diagnostic IVD products (e.g., laboratory instruments, reagents, and collection devices) and software that are
intended for use in the diagnosis, treatment, cure, mitigation or prevention of diseases or conditions, including, without limitation,
the presence of biomarkers. Medical devices are subject to a variety of regulatory requirements based on their level of risk, including
in some cases premarket review and authorization. The FDA enforces its requirements by market surveillance and periodic inspections. The
FDA may take a variety of actions in response to violations of the FDC Act and implementing regulations, including, but not limited to,
cease and desist orders, injunctions, civil monetary penalties, operating restrictions, or shutdown of production facilities. 

The
FDA has historically taken the position that laboratory tests developed in-house by a clinical laboratory, sometimes referred to
as laboratory developed tests LDTs ), are subject to regulation as in vitro diagnostic devices. However, the FDA
has generally exercised enforcement discretion (i.e., has exercised discretion not to enforce its requirements) with respect to LDTs.
Certain types of LDTs have historically not been subject to enforcement discretion, including LDTs for the COVID-19 pandemic and
LDTs offered directly to consumers without a health care provider s order. Legislative proposals introduced in Congress in 2021
seek to codify or, alternatively, eliminate, FDA authority to regulate LDTs. 

The
FDA also takes the position that stand-alone software that meets the definition of a medical device, known as SaMD, is subject to
FDA regulation. Certain categories of medical software, including certain health and wellness software, have been exempted from FDA regulation
under the FDC Act. Similarly, the FDA has exercised enforcement discretion with respect to certain types of low risk software products,
including those intended to help patients manage chronic conditions. 

Our
products and services include epigenetic analysis of laboratory-generated DNA methylation data using our proprietary bioinformatics
technology, which it uses to inform both its saliva-based underwriting and molecular health and wellness engagement services. We
believe that our products and services are not subject to FDA regulation. First, to the extent our products and services are intended
to inform underwriting decisions, they do not meet the definition of a medical device. Second, to the extent our products and services
incorporate software that is intended solely for health and wellness purposes, we believe such software meets the definition of exempt
medical software under the FDC Act, as amended by the 21 st Century Cures Act, enacted in 2016. Furthermore, even if elements
of our products and services could be construed to be subject to FDA oversight, we believe that such elements would be subject to FDA
enforcement discretion to the extent that we use such elements to provide general health and wellness and non-disease-specific information
to customers that includes disclaimers and caveats that the information is not intended for medical purposes and poses low risk to consumers. 

There
can be no guarantee that the FDA will now, or in the future, agree with our position. Should the FDA determine that our products and services
are subject to FDA regulation, our operations could be adversely affected. If FDA premarket review or approval were required, we could
be forced to stop selling our testing services or be required to modify claims or make other changes while we work to obtain FDA clearance,
approval or de novo classification. Our business, results of operations and financial condition would be negatively affected until such
reviews were completed and clearance, approval or de novo classification to market were obtained or the costs of continuing to operate
our business could increase materially. 

Our use of saliva-based
epigenetic biomarkers may in the future be subject to laws and regulations at the state and federal levels relating to the use of such
testing or information in life insurance underwriting, which could materially adversely impact our business. 

Underwriting
life insurance is subject to state insurance regulation. We believe the use of epigenetic biomarkers in life insurance underwriting is
permissible due to the fact that we are seeking to identify underwriting impairments already used by other insurance carriers in medical
underwriting today. Moreover, the use of epigenetic testing or information in life insurance underwriting is not prohibited at either
the federal or state level. Florida and Louisiana are the only states that have explicitly sought to prohibit the use of genetic information,
which is distinguishable from epigenetic information, for use in life insurance underwriting. 

Any
adverse change in current laws or regulations, or their interpretation, federally or in one or more states in which we operate or plan
to operate (or an aggregation of states in which we conduct a significant amount of business) could result in our curtailment or termination
of operations in such states, or cause us to not start or modify our operations in a manner that adversely affects our ultimate profitability.
Any such action could have a corresponding adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition, primarily through a material
decrease in revenues, and could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

22 

We provide ancillary
product and service offerings that support our baseline technology, but we cannot guarantee that such products and services will result
in material, if any, revenue, and such products and services may be a distraction to our main business line initiatives. 

We have built a number of technologies to support researchers and epigenetic
science and analysis. For example, in 2019 we released MethylSuite, a high throughput bioinformatic software package that
supports calculating, reporting and interpreting epigenetic data derived from microarray technology. Also in 2019, we partnered with the
Van Andel Institute and Illumina, Inc. in the commercialization of the Infinium Mouse Methylation Array, a new microarray designed to
advance epigenetic research in model organisms. We receive a royalty on all Infinium Mouse Methylation Array sales by Illumina, and also
provide laboratory and data processing services to researchers using the Infinium Mouse Methylation Array. However, we do not expect such
business lines to result in material, if any, revenues. Furthermore, we cannot guarantee the accuracy or results of the array/data processing
or MethylSuite, and any errors in the results provided by such array or bioinformatic software could result in costly litigation, and
be a distraction to our main business line initiatives. 

Risks Related to Our
Life Insurance Operations 

The life insurance
industry has experienced an overall decline in product sales which, if this trend continues, could materially adversely impact our business
and results of operations. 

Ownership
of life insurance has been in decline in the United States for decades. While our products and services are designed to address the
overall decline in consumer interest in purchasing life insurance products, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in doing
so. The reasons for a decline in household ownership of life insurance are complex and multi-faceted. There can, therefore, be no assurance
that we will successfully address these multifaceted reasons or that we will generate revenues or become profitable. We may be forced
to make significant changes to our anticipated pricing, sales and revenue models to compete with our competitors offerings, and
even if such changes are implemented, there is no guarantee that such steps will be successful. If the overall market trend of declining
demand for personal life insurance continues or worsens, or we are unable to adjust our approach to meet market demands, our business,
financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely impacted. 

Competition in
the insurance technology market presents an ongoing challenge to the success of our business and if we are unable to compete, our business
could be materially adversely impacted. 

The
number of technology-based companies entering the insurance market with offerings in life insurance continues to increase. While
we believe there are very few, if any, companies commercializing saliva-based epigenetic biomarkers or bundling life insurance with
a health and wellness engagement platform, we believe that our ability to compete depends upon many factors both within and beyond our
control, including the following: 

the speed and size of our customer base as it develops; 

the timing and market acceptance of products and services we offer, including the developments and enhancements to those products and services, offered by us or our competitors; 

the customer service and support efforts we provide with our products and services; 

the selling and marketing efforts we employ against our products and services; 

the acceptance of our products by underwriters, insurance companies, agents and consumers; 

the ease of use, performance, price and reliability of solutions we develop; and 

the brand strength we create relative to our competitors. 

We will likely face competition from other companies attempting to
capitalize on the same, or similar, opportunities as us, including from companies focused on molecular health and wellness, epigenetic
biomarkers, and from the overall insurance technology markets inclusive of new offerings such as direct access and/or consumer self-pay tests and
genetic interpretation services. Many of our current and potential competitors have longer operating histories and greater financial,
technical, marketing and other resources than us. These factors may allow our competitors to respond more quickly or efficiently than
we can to new or emerging technologies. These competitors may engage in more extensive research and development efforts, undertake more far-reaching marketing campaigns,
and adopt more aggressive pricing, which may allow them to build customer bases larger or faster than us. Our competitors may develop
products or services that are similar to our products and services or that achieve greater market acceptance than our products and services.
This could attract customers away from our services and reduce our market share or prevent us from increasing. 

23 

We may not be successful
in establishing or maintaining the relationships necessary to execute on our business plans, which could have a material adverse impact
on its ability to generate revenue and financial condition. 

Our sales and distribution efforts focus on independent agent distribution
channels. Independent agent distribution channels include independent marketing organizations, broker general agencies and smaller general
agencies. In order to serve the broadest range of customers and agents, we established a managing general agency relationship with multiple
domestic carrier partners, in order for us to expand the use of our products and services in connection with a full suite of life insurance
products (term life insurance, universal life insurance, variable universal life insurance, indexed universal life insurance, whole life
insurance, etc.), which we call the MGA Model (see Business section above for more details).
We believe the MGA Model appeals to domestic carrier partners who are seeking to expand the distribution of their products through independent
agent distribution channels and who are seeking a differentiated product offering by combining their own policies with our health and
wellness offering as well as replacing blood and urine specimen for life insurance products that are subject to medical underwriting protocols
with our saliva-based underwriting protocol. 

If we are unable to develop or maintain these relationships, or if
the MGA Model proves unworkable, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely impacted. Moreover, while
we will strive to demonstrate the value of our products and services to consumers, insurance agents, and carriers, these potential customers
may not embrace our products and services, thereby hindering our ability to execute on our business plans and generate revenue. 

We may experience
difficulty in marketing and distributing life insurance through third parties, and the use of third parties may result in additional
liabilities. 

Although
we intend to distribute life insurance products through a wide variety of distribution channels, we may maintain relationships with a
number of key distributors, which could result in certain distributor concentration. Distributors may elect to renegotiate the terms of
any existing relationships such that those terms may not be attractive or acceptable to us, limit the products they sell, or otherwise
reduce or terminate their distribution relationships with us with or without cause. This could be due to various reasons, such as uncertainty
related to product offerings, industry consolidation of distributors or other industry changes that increase the competition for access
to distributors, developments in laws or regulations that affect our business or industry, including the marketing and sale of our products
and services, adverse developments in our business, the distribution of products with features that do not meet minimum thresholds set
by the distributor, strategic decisions that impact our business, adverse rating agency actions or concerns about market-related risks. 

Key
distribution partners could merge, consolidate, change their business models in ways that affect how our products can be sold, or new
distribution channels could emerge and adversely impact the effectiveness of our distribution efforts. 

Also,
if we are unsuccessful in attracting and retaining distribution partners, or are unable to maintain our distribution relationships, we
may be unable to effectively sell our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial
condition and liquidity. 

In
addition, we could, in certain circumstances, be held responsible for the actions of third-party distributors, including broker-dealers,
registered representatives, insurance agents and agencies and marketing organizations, and their respective employees, agents and representatives,
in connection with the marketing and sale of our products by such parties in a manner that is deemed not compliant with applicable laws
and regulations. This is particularly acute with respect to unaffiliated distributors where we may not be able to directly monitor or
control the manner in which products are sold through third-party firms. If our products are distributed to customers for whom they are
unsuitable or distributed in a manner deemed inappropriate, we could suffer reputational and/or other financial harm to our business. 

As part of our
insurance business, we may collect, process, store, share, disclose and use customer information and other data, and our actual or perceived
failure to protect such information and data, respect customer privacy or comply with data privacy and security laws and regulations could
damage our reputation and brand and harm our business and operating results. 

We
may receive and store a large volume of personally identifiable information, epigenetic information, and other data relating to our customers,
as well as other personally identifiable information and other data relating to individuals such as our employees. Security breaches,
employee malfeasance, or human or technological error could lead to potential unauthorized disclosure of our customers personal
information. Even the perception that the privacy of personal information is not satisfactorily protected or does not meet regulatory
requirements could inhibit sales of our solutions and any failure to comply with such laws and regulations could lead to significant fines,
penalties or other liabilities. 

24 

A
security compromise of our information systems or of those of businesses with whom we interact that results in confidential information
being accessed by unauthorized or improper persons could harm our reputation and expose us to regulatory actions, customer attrition,
remediation expenses, disruption of our business, and claims brought by our customers or others for breaching contractual confidentiality
and security provisions or data protection laws. 

Monetary
damages imposed on us could be significant and not covered by our liability insurance. Techniques used by bad actors to obtain unauthorized
access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems evolve frequently and may not immediately produce signs of intrusion, and we may
be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. In addition, a security breach could require
us to expend substantial additional resources related to the security of our information systems and provide required breach notifications
and remediation, diverting resources from other projects and disrupting our businesses. If we experience a data security breach, our reputation
could be damaged and we could be subject to additional litigation, regulatory risks and business losses. 

Numerous
local, municipal, state, federal, and international laws and regulations address privacy and the collection, storing, sharing, use, disclosure,
and protection of certain types of data, including the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, the Telephone Consumer
Protection Act of 1991, or the TCPA, Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act, and effective as of January 1,
2020, the California Consumer Privacy Act (or the CCPA). These laws, rules, and regulations evolve frequently and their scope may continually
change, through new legislation, amendments to existing legislation, and changes in enforcement, and may be inconsistent from one jurisdiction
to another. For example, the CCPA, which went into effect on January 1, 2020, requires, among other things, new disclosures to California
consumers and affords such consumers new abilities to opt out of certain sales of personal information. The CCPA provides for
fines of up to 7,500 per violation. Aspects of the CCPA and its interpretation and enforcement remain uncertain. The effects of this
legislation are potentially far-reaching and may require FOXO to modify its data processing practices and policies and
incur substantial compliance-related costs and expenses. The CCPA has been amended on multiple occasions. For example, the California
Privacy Rights Act (or CPRA) recently was approved by California voters and significantly modifies the CCPA, potentially resulting in
further uncertainty and requiring FOXO to incur additional costs and expenses in an effort to comply. The CPRA became operative on January 1,
2023 (and applies only to consumer data collected on or after January 1, 2022, with enforcement beginning July 1, 2023). While
the CCPA will remain operative and enforceable from now until July 1, 2023, we will continue to monitor developments related to the
CPRA. The effects of this legislation are potentially far-reaching and may require us to modify our data processing practices
and policies and incur substantial compliance-related costs and expenses. Additionally, many laws and regulations relating to privacy
and the collection, storing, sharing, use, disclosure, and protection of certain types of data are subject to varying degrees of enforcement
and new and changing interpretations by courts. The CCPA and other changes in laws or regulations relating to privacy, data protection,
breach notifications, and information security, particularly any new or modified laws or regulations, or changes to the interpretation
or enforcement of such laws or regulations, which require enhanced protection of certain types of data or new obligations with regard
to data retention, transfer, or disclosure, could greatly increase the cost of providing our products and services, require significant
changes to our operations, or even prevent us from providing our products and services in jurisdictions in which we currently operate
and in which we may operate in the future. 

We may also be required to comply with increasingly complex and changing
data security and privacy regulations in the UK, the European Union (the EU and in other jurisdictions in which
we plan to conduct business that regulate the collection, use and transfer of personal data, including the transfer of personal data between
or among countries. For example, the EU s General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR ), now also enacted in
the UK as the UK GDPR, has imposed stringent compliance obligations regarding the handling of personal data and has resulted in the issuance
of significant financial penalties for noncompliance. Further, in July 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union released
a decision in the Schrems II case Data Protection Commission v. Facebook Ireland, Schrems ), declaring the
EU-US Privacy Shield invalid and calling into question data transfers carried out under the European Commission s Standard
Contractual Clauses. As a result of the decision, we may face additional scrutiny from EU regulators in relation to the transfer of personal
data from the EU to the United States. Noncompliance with the GDPR can trigger fines of up to the greater of 20 million
or 4 of global annual revenues. In the United States, there have been proposals for federal privacy legislation and many new state
privacy laws have been enacted or proposed. Other countries have enacted or are considering enacting data localization laws that require
certain data to stay within their borders. We may also face audits or investigations by one or more domestic or foreign government agencies
or our customers pursuant to our contractual obligations relating to our compliance with these regulations. Complying with changing regulatory
requirements requires us to incur substantial costs, exposes us to potential regulatory action or litigation, and may require changes
to our business practices in certain jurisdictions, any of which could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

25 

Despite
our efforts to comply with applicable laws, regulations, and other obligations relating to privacy, data protection, and information security,
it is possible that our interpretations of the law or best practices could be inconsistent with, or fail, or be alleged to fail to meet
all requirements of, such laws, regulations, or obligations. Our failure, or the failure by its third-party providers on its platform,
to comply with applicable laws or regulations or any other obligations relating to privacy, data protection, or information security,
or any compromise of security that results in unauthorized access to, or use or release of personally identifiable information or other
data relating to our customers, or other individuals, or the perception that any of the foregoing types of failure or compromise have
occurred, could damage our reputation, discourage new and existing customers from using our products or services, or result in fines,
investigations, or proceedings by governmental agencies and private claims and litigation, any of which could adversely affect our business,
financial condition, and results of operations. Even if not subject to legal challenge, the perception of privacy concerns, whether or
not valid, may harm our reputation and brand and materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We
will be subject to the terms of our privacy policies and privacy-related obligations. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply
with our privacy policies, our privacy-related obligations to customers or others, or our privacy-related legal obligations,
or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized release or transfer of sensitive information, which could include personally
identifiable information or other user data, may result in governmental or regulatory investigations, enforcement actions, regulatory
fines, compliance orders, litigation or public statements against us by consumer advocacy groups or others, and could cause customers
to lose trust in us, all of which could be costly and have an adverse impact on our business. In addition, new and changed rules and regulations
regarding privacy, data protection (in particular those that impact the use of artificial intelligence) and cross-border transfers
of customer information could cause us to delay planned uses and disclosures of data to comply with applicable privacy and data protection
requirements. Moreover, if any third-party that we work with violates applicable laws or its policies, such violations also may put
personal information at risk, which may result in increased regulatory scrutiny and have a material adverse effect on our reputation,
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We may be unable
to prevent or address the misappropriation of our data, which could damage our reputation and materially adversely impact our business. 

Third
parties may misappropriate our data through website scraping, bots or other means and aggregate this data on their websites with data
from other companies. In addition, copycat websites or online apps may misappropriate data and attempt to imitate our brand or the functionality
of our planned website. If we become aware of such websites or online apps, we intend to employ technological or legal measures in an
attempt to halt their operations. However, we may be unable to detect all such websites or online apps in a timely manner and, even if
we could, technological and legal measures may be insufficient to halt their operations immediately or completely. In some cases, particularly
in the case of websites or online apps operating outside of the United States, our available remedies may not be adequate to protect
us against the effect of the operation of such websites or online apps. Regardless of whether we can successfully enforce our rights against
the operators of these websites or online apps, any measures that we may take could require us to expend significant financial or other
resources, which could harm our business, results of operations or financial condition. In addition, to the extent that such activity
creates confusion among consumers or advertisers, our brand and business could be harmed. 

Changes in state
laws and regulations governing our business, or changes in the interpretation of such laws and regulations, could negatively impact our
business. 

State
statutes typically provide state regulatory agencies with significant powers to interpret, administer and enforce the laws relating to
the purchase of life insurance policies. Under statutory authority, state regulators have broad discretionary power and may impose new
licensing requirements, interpret or enforce existing regulatory requirements in different ways or issue new administrative rules, even
if not contained in state statutes. State regulators may also impose rules that may restrict and negatively impact our industry. Because
of the history of certain abuses in the industry, we believe it is likely that state insurance regulation will increase and grow more
complex during the foreseeable future. We cannot, however, predict what any new regulation would specifically involve. 

The
emergence of new biotechnologies has led to frequent legislation governing the use of genetic information in insurance. The federal regulation,
Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act GINA ), prohibits the use of genetic information by health insurers, but
it does not apply to life insurance or epigenetics at this time. To date, a small minority of states have adopted a GINA-like framework,
essentially prohibiting the use of genetic information for life insurance underwriting and risk classification. Other states have laws
regulating, though not prohibiting, the use of genetic information in life insurance. While epigenetics distinguishable features
exempt it from the text of, and rationale behind, current laws regulating the use of genetic information in life insurance, any adverse
change in present laws or regulations, or their interpretation in one or more states in which we may operate (or an aggregation of states
in which we may conduct a significant amount of business) could result in our curtailment or termination of operations in such jurisdictions,
or cause us to modify our operations in a way that adversely affects our profitability. Any such action could have a corresponding material
and negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition, primarily through a material decrease in revenues, and could
also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

26 

New legislation
or legal requirements may affect how we communicate with our customers, which could have a material adverse impact on our business model,
financial condition, and results of operations. 

State
and federal lawmakers and insurance regulators are focusing upon the use of customer communications, including concerns about transparency,
deception, and fairness, in particular. Changes in laws or regulations, or changes in the interpretation of laws or regulations by a regulatory
authority may decrease our revenues and earnings and may require us to change the manner in which we conduct some aspects of our business.
In addition, our business and operations are subject to various U.S. federal, state, and local consumer protection laws, including laws
which place restrictions on the use of automated tools and technologies to communicate with wireless telephone subscribers or consumers
generally. For example, a California law, effective as of July 2019, makes it unlawful for any person to use a bot to communicate with
a person in California online with the intent to mislead the other person about its artificial identity for the purpose of knowingly deceiving
the person about the content of the communication in order to incentivize a purchase of goods or services in a commercial transaction.
Although we take steps to comply with this and other laws restricting the use of electronic communication tools, no assurance can be given
that we will not be exposed to civil litigation or regulatory enforcement. Further, to the extent that any changes in law or regulation
further restrict the ways in which we communicate with prospective or current customers, these restrictions could result in a material
reduction in our customer acquisition and retention, reducing the growth prospects of our business, and materially adversely impact our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Risks Related to Our
Intellectual Property 

If we are unable
to protect our patent pending methods of identifying saliva-based epigenetic biomarkers or intellectual property in general, the value
of our brand and other intangible assets may be diminished, and our business may be adversely impacted. 

We
depend on our proprietary technology, intellectual property and services for our business plans, success and ability to compete. We rely
and expect to continue to rely on a combination of confidentiality and other agreements with our employees, consultants and third parties
with whom we have relationships or with whom we plan to have relationships, and who may have access to confidential or patentable aspects
of our research and development output, as well as the trademark, copyright, patent and trade secret protection and common law rights
and laws, to protect our proprietary rights. For example, we rely on trade secret protection for building and validating an extensive
number of machine learning models that use epigenetic data derived from different types of tissues to predict a wide variety of targets,
such as direct mappings to life insurance classification, smoking use and/or extent, alcohol use and/or extent, etc. Although we enter
into confidentiality and other agreements to protect these and other proprietary technologies, any of these parties may breach the agreements
and disclose information before a patent application is filed, and jeopardize our ability to seek patent protection, if we were not able
to use the courts to enjoin the disclosure in advance. In addition, our ability to obtain and maintain valid and enforceable patents or
patent licenses depends on whether the differences between our inventions and the prior art allow our inventions to be patentable over
the prior art. Since publications in the scientific literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications do not
publish until 18 months after filing, we are never certain we are the first to make the inventions claimed in any of our patents
or that we are the first to file for patent protection of such patents. In other words, priority is never known until an application is
prosecuted. Additionally, third parties may knowingly or unknowingly infringe our proprietary rights, and third parties may challenge
our proprietary rights held, pending and future patent, copyright, trademark and other applications, which, if successful, may not be
approved and which may affect our ability to prevent infringement without incurring substantial expense. In addition, the laws of some
foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. 

27 

If
the protection of our proprietary rights are inadequate to prevent use or appropriation by third parties, the value of our brand and other
intangible assets may be diminished and competitors may be able to more effectively mimic our service and methods of operations. Despite
our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, attempts may be made to copy or reverse engineer aspects of our products or services, or
to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary and which a judge may not enjoin. Accordingly, we may be unable to protect
our proprietary rights against unauthorized third-party copying or use. Furthermore, as a practical matter, policing the unauthorized
use of our intellectual property would be difficult for us, because of the private nature of our competitors and because our competitors
may offer competing products as software-as-a-service, which may limit the ability to discover a competitor s use of our proprietary
technology. Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, or to
determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. Litigation and/or any of the events above could result in substantial
costs and diversion of resources, and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We may be unable
to obtain sufficiently broad protection, or we may lose intellectual property protection. 

As
patent and trademark prosecution of biotechnology inventions is highly uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions, and has
been the subject of litigation in recent years, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability and commercial value of our intellectual
property rights are highly uncertain. Our pending and future trademark or patent applications may not result in issued trademarks and
patents that protect our products and services, which would render us unable to prevent others from commercializing the same or similar
products and services that we offer. The coverage of trademark and patent claims may be significantly reduced before such intellectual
property approval is granted and the scope and validity of issued trademarks and patents can also be challenged after grant, which, if
successful, may not provide us meaningful protection, may not allow us to exclude competitors or may not provide us with any competitive
advantage. 

Despite
our efforts, we may not be able to maintain confidentiality for our trade secrets and proprietary know-how. In addition, our trade secrets
and proprietary know-how may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by others. No guarantee can be given that others
will not independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information or techniques, or otherwise gain access to our proprietary
technology. We rely on a combination of patent, trademark, and trade secret protection to establish and protect the ideas, concepts, and
know-how for the products, services and technology we develop. Our failure to establish patent, trademark and trade secret protection
for our technology and intellectual property rights could enable our competitors to more effectively compete and have an adverse impact
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We may not be able
to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 

Filing,
prosecuting and defending trademarks or future patents on our products and services in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively
expensive. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws
of the United States, and we may encounter difficulties in protecting and defending such rights in foreign jurisdictions. Our owned and
licensed patent applications are pending in the U.S. only and thus these present patent applications, even if granted, cannot cover any
foreign countries in the future. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries
outside the United States, or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into the United States or other jurisdictions.
Competitors may use our technologies (even copying from the patent disclosures) in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection
to develop their own products and may also export infringing products to territories where we have patent protection. These products may
compete with our products and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from
competing. 

Many
companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in various foreign jurisdictions.
The legal systems of many other countries do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection, particularly
those relating to biotechnology, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents in such countries. Proceedings
to enforce our current trademark and potential future patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial cost and divert
our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our intellectual property at risk of not issuing, being invalidated,
or interpreted narrowly, and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate
and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual
property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we
develop or license. 

28 

Changes in trademark
or patent law in the United States and other jurisdictions could diminish the value of our potential future trademarks and patents in
general, thereby adversely impacting our ability to protect our products and services. 

Changes
in either the trademark or patent laws or in interpretations of trademark or patent laws in the United States or other countries or regions
may diminish the value of our intellectual property. We cannot predict the breadth of claims that may be allowed or enforced in our potential
future trademarks and patents or in third-party intellectual property. In the United States, prior to March 16, 2013, assuming
that other requirements for patentability were satisfied, the first to invent the claimed invention was entitled to the patent, while
outside the United States, the first to file a patent application was entitled to the patent. On or after March 16, 2013, under the
Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (or the America Invents Act), enacted on September 16, 2011, the United States transitioned
to a first inventor to file system in which, assuming that other requirements for patentability are satisfied, the first inventor to file
a patent application will be entitled to the patent on an invention regardless of whether a third party was the first to invent the claimed
invention. As such, a third party that files a patent application in the United States Patent and Trademark Office (the USPTO before us could be awarded a patent covering an invention of ours even if we had made the invention before it was made by such third party.
This will require us to be cognizant of the time from invention to filing of a patent application. Since patent applications in the United
States and most other countries are confidential for a period of time after filing or until issuance, we cannot be certain that we or
our licensors were the first to either file any patent application related to our products or services, or invent any of the inventions
claimed in our or its licensor s patents or patent applications. 

The
America Invents Act also includes a number of significant changes that affect the way patent applications will be prosecuted and also
may affect patent litigation. These include allowing third-party submission of prior art to the USPTO during patent prosecution and
additional procedures to attack the validity of a patent by USPTO-administered post-grant proceedings, including post-grant review, inter
partes review, and derivation proceedings. Because of a lower evidentiary standard in USPTO proceedings compared to the evidentiary
standard in U.S. federal courts necessary to invalidate a patent claim, a third party could potentially provide evidence in a USPTO proceeding
sufficient for the USPTO to hold a claim invalid even though the same evidence would be insufficient to invalidate the claim if first
presented in a district court action. Accordingly, a third party may attempt to use the USPTO procedures to invalidate our patent claims
that would not have been invalidated if first challenged by the third party as a defendant in a district court action. Therefore, the
America Invents Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our owned or in-licensed patent applications
and the enforcement or defense of our owned or in-licensed issued patents, all of which could have a material adverse
impact on our business. 

Recent
U.S. Supreme Court rulings have also narrowed the scope of patent protection available in specific circumstances (e.g., regarding domestic
processes) and weakened the rights of patent owners in certain situations. In addition to increasing uncertainty with regard to our ability
to obtain patents in the future, this combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the value of patents, once obtained.
Depending on decisions by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts and the USPTO, the laws and regulations governing patents could change
in unpredictable ways that would weaken our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce our existing patents and patents that we might
obtain in the future. 

We may be subject
to claims that our employees, consultants or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information of third
parties or that our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their former employers. 

We
have employed and expect to employ or contract with individuals who were previously employed by or were independent contractors for universities
or other companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Although we try to ensure that our employees, consultants and
independent contractors do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may
be subject to claims that our employees, consultants or independent contractors have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade
secrets or other proprietary information of their former employers or other third parties, or to claims that we have improperly used or
obtained such trade secrets. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending such claims, in addition
to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel, or lose the ability to use certain technologies,
all of which could adversely impact our business. A loss of use of certain technologies or key research personnel work product could hamper
or prevent our ability to commercialize potential products and services, which could harm our business. Even if we are successful in defending
against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees. 

We may not be successful
in registering and enforcing our trademarks. 

As
we apply to register our unregistered trademarks in the United States and other countries, our applications may not be allowed for registration
in a timely fashion or at all, and our registered trademarks may not be maintained or enforced. Trademark enforcement is always uncertain,
since proving infringement requires a showing of consumer confusion in addition to use by the defendant of a similar or identical trademark.
In addition, opposition or cancellation proceedings may be filed against our trademark applications and registrations, and our trademarks
may not survive such proceedings. In certain countries outside of the United States, trademark registration is required to enforce trademark
rights. If we do not secure registrations for our trademarks, we may encounter more difficulty in enforcing them against third parties
than we otherwise would. 

29 

We may be subject
to claims challenging the inventorship or ownership of our patents and other intellectual property. 

We
may be subject to claims that former employees, collaborators or other third parties have an interest in our future owned or in-licensed patents,
trade secrets or other intellectual property as an inventor or co-inventor. Ownership disputes may arise, for example, from conflicting
obligations of employees, consultants or others who are involved in developing our future products and services. 

Litigation
may be necessary to defend against these and other claims by a third party challenging inventorship of our or our licensors ownership
of our future owned or in-licensed patents, trade secrets or other intellectual property. If we or our licensors fail in defending
any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights, such as exclusive ownership
of, or a right to use, intellectual property or technology that is important to our product or services. Alternatively, we may need to
obtain one or more additional licenses from certain third parties, which could be time-consuming and expensive and could result in
substantial costs and diversion of resources and could have a material adverse effect on our business. Even if we are successful in defending
against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees. Any of the foregoing
could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

If we become involved
in trademark or patent litigation or other proceedings related to a determination of rights, we could incur substantial costs and expenses,
substantial liability for damages or be required to stop our development and commercialization efforts of our products and services. 

There
is a substantial amount of litigation, both within and outside the United States, involving trademark, patent and other intellectual property
rights in the insurance technology industry, including patent and trademark infringement lawsuits, declaratory judgment litigation and
adversarial proceedings before the USPTO, including trademark oppositions and cancellations, patent interferences, derivation proceedings, ex
parte reexaminations, post-grant review and inter partes review, as well as corresponding proceedings in
foreign courts and foreign patent offices. 

We
may, in the future, become involved with litigation or actions at the USPTO or foreign patent offices with various third parties. We expect
that the number of such claims may increase as our industry expands, more trademarks and patents are issued, the number of products or
services increases and the level of competition in our industry increases. Any infringement claim, regardless of its validity, could harm
our business by, among other things, resulting in time-consuming and costly litigation, diverting management s time and attention
from the development of our business, requiring the payment of monetary damages (including possible treble damages, attorney s fees,
costs and expenses) or royalty payments. 

It
may be necessary for us to pursue litigation or adversarial proceedings before the trademark or patent office in order to enforce our
patent and proprietary rights or to determine the scope, coverage and validity of the proprietary rights of others. The outcome of any
such litigation might not be favorable to us, and even if we were to prevail, such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion
of resources and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

As
we move into new markets and expands our products or services offerings, incumbent participants in such markets may assert their patents
and other proprietary rights against us as a means of slowing our entry into such markets or as a means to extract substantial license
and royalty payments from us. In addition, future litigation may involve patent holding companies or other adverse patent owners who have
no relevant product or service revenue and against whom our own patents may provide little or no deterrence or protection. 

Because
patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be currently pending patent applications that may later result in issued patents
that our current or future products, technologies and services may infringe. We cannot be certain that we have identified or addressed
all potentially significant third-party patents in advance of an infringement claim being made against us. In addition, similar to
what other companies in our industry have experienced, we expect our competitors and others may have trademarks or patents or may in the
future obtain trademarks or patents, and assert that making, having made, using, selling, offering to sell or importing its products or
services infringes these trademarks or patents. Defense of infringement and other claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial
litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of management and employee resources from our business. Parties making claims
against us may be able to sustain the costs of complex trademark or patent litigation more effectively than we can because they have substantially
greater resources. Parties making claims against us may be able to obtain injunctive or other relief, which could block our ability to
develop, commercialize and sell products or services and could result in the award of substantial damages against us, including possible
treble damages, attorney s fees, costs and expenses if we are found to have willfully infringed. In the event of a successful claim
of infringement against us, we may be required to pay damages and ongoing royalties and obtain one or more licenses from third parties,
or be prohibited from selling certain products or services. We may not be able to obtain these licenses on acceptable or commercially
reasonable terms, if at all, or these licenses may be non-exclusive, which could result our competitors gaining access
to the same intellectual property. In addition, we could encounter delays in product or service introductions while we attempt to develop
alternative products or services to avoid infringing third-party patents or proprietary rights. Defense of any lawsuit or failure
to obtain any of these licenses could prevent us from commercializing products or services, and the prohibition of sale of any of our
products or services could materially impact our business and our ability to gain market acceptance for our products or services. 

30 

We
maintain multiple forms of proprietary information, the value of which is derived from the proprietary nature of such information. Employees
of ours or third parties that are or become privy to our proprietary information may, despite our efforts, misappropriate such information.
Such misappropriation may result in publication or other public release of such information. In such an event, although we may have a
cause of action against any such parties, such legal action is costly and may not result in sufficient compensation to ameliorate the
loss of competitive advantages enjoyed by our confidential possession of such proprietary information. Additionally, such proprietary
information, once published or otherwise released to the public, may not be returned to a secret state, and may be copied or otherwise
imitated or used by competitors of ours without legal recourse or means of compensation by us. Such loss could materially adversely impact
our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Furthermore,
because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some
of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation, although courts are empowered to protect
confidential information using protective orders. In addition, during the course of this kind of litigation, there could be public announcements
of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results
to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our Class A Common Stock. 

In
addition, our agreements with some of our customers, suppliers or other entities with whom we do business require us to defend or indemnify
these parties to the extent they become involved in infringement claims, including the types of claims described above. We could also
voluntarily agree to defend or indemnify third parties in instances where we are not obligated to do so if we determine it would be important
to our business relationships. If we are required or agree to defend or indemnify third parties in connection with any infringement claims,
we could incur significant costs and expenses that could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

Patent terms may
be inadequate to protect our competitive position with respect to our products and services for an adequate amount of time. 

Patents
have a limited lifespan. In the United States, if all maintenance fees are timely paid, the natural expiration of a patent is generally
20 years from its earliest U.S. non-provisional filing date. Various extensions may be available, but the life of
a patent, and the protection it affords, is limited. Even if patents covering our products and services are obtained, once the patent
life has expired, we may be open to competition from competitive products and the patent document itself is a disclosure
enabling such competitors. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new products and services,
patents protecting such products and services might expire before or shortly after such products and services are commercialized. As a
result, our future owned and currently licensed patent portfolio may not provide it with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing
products similar or identical to ours. 

We utilize open-source
software, which may pose particular risks to our proprietary software and source code. 

We
use open-source software in our proprietary software and will use open-source software in the future. Companies that incorporate
open-source software into their proprietary software and products have, from time-to-time, faced claims challenging the use of open-source software
and compliance with open-source license terms. Some licenses governing the use of open-source software contain requirements
that we make available source code for modifications or derivative works we create based upon the open-source software, and that
we license such modifications or derivative works under the terms of a particular open-source license or other license granting third
parties certain rights of further use. By the terms of certain open-source licenses, we could be required to release the source code
of certain aspects of our proprietary software, and to make our proprietary software available under open-source licenses to third
parties at no cost if we combine certain aspects of proprietary software with open-source software in certain manners. Although we
monitor our use of open-source software and have a policy of full compliance with all open-source software license terms, we
cannot assure that all open-source software is reviewed prior to use in our software, that our developers have not incorporated open-source software
into our proprietary software, or that they will not do so in the future. 

Additionally,
the terms of many open-source licenses to which we are subject have not been interpreted by U.S. or foreign courts. There is a risk
that open-source software licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability
to market or provide certain aspects of its proprietary software. Companies that incorporate open-source software into their products
have, in the past, faced claims seeking enforcement of open-source license provisions and claims asserting ownership of open-source software
incorporated into their proprietary software, and claims for damages for failure to fully comply with those applicable licenses. If an
author or other third party that distributes such open-source software were to allege that we have not complied with the conditions
of an open-source license, we could incur significant legal costs defending ourselves against such allegations. In the event such
claims were successful, we could be subject to significant damages or be enjoined from the distribution of our proprietary software. In
addition, the terms of open-source software licenses may require us to provide certain aspects of our software that we develop using
such open-source software to others on unfavorable license terms. As a result of our current or future use of open-source software,
we may face claims or litigation, be required to release certain aspects of our proprietary source code, pay damages for breach of contract, re-engineer its proprietary
software, discontinue making our proprietary software available in the event that re-engineering cannot be accomplished
on a timely basis, discontinue certain aspects or functionality of our products and testing services, or take other remedial action. Any such re-engineering or other
remedial efforts could require significant additional research and development resources, and we may not be able to successfully complete
any such re-engineering or other remedial efforts. Further, in addition to risks related to license requirements,
use of certain open-source software can lead to greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open-source licensors
generally do not provide warranties or controls on the origin of the software. Any of these risks could be difficult to eliminate or manage,
and, if not addressed, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

31 

Risks Related to Owning
Our Securities 

The public market
for our securities is volatile. This may affect not only the ability of our investors to sell their securities, but the price at which
they can sell their securities. 

Since
the consummation of our Business Combination, our Class A Common Stock (NYSE American: FOXO) has traded as low as 0.23 per share based
upon daily closing prices, and day-to-day trading has been volatile at times. This volatility may continue or increase in the future.
The market price for the securities may be significantly affected by factors such as progress in the development of our technology, commercialization
of our technology, variations in quarterly and yearly operating results, general trends in the life insurance industry, and other uncertainties
further described in this section. Furthermore, recently the stock market has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that are
unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the affected companies, such as the market reactions to internet marketed
 short squeezes , the coronavirus outbreak and recent macroeconomic factors such as inflationary pressures and higher interest
rates. Such broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our securities. 

We are subject
to the continued listing standards of the NYSE American and our failure to satisfy these criteria may result in delisting of our Class
A Common Stock . 

Our
Class A Common Stock is listed on the NYSE American. In order to maintain this listing, we must maintain a certain share price, financial
and share distribution targets, including maintaining a minimum amount of stockholders equity and a minimum number of public stockholders.
In addition to these objective standards, the NYSE American may delist the securities of any issuer (i) if, in its opinion, the issuer s
financial condition and/or operating results appear unsatisfactory; (ii) if it appears that the extent of public distribution or the aggregate
market value of the security has become so reduced as to make continued listing on the NYSE American inadvisable; (iii) if the issuer
sells or disposes of principal operating assets or ceases to be an operating company; (iv) if an issuer fails to comply with the NYSE
American s listing requirements; (v) if an issuer s securities sell at what the NYSE American considers a low selling
price which the exchange generally considers 0.20 per share and the issuer fails to correct this via a reverse split of shares
after notification by the NYSE American; or (vi) if any other event occurs or any condition exists which makes continued listing on the
NYSE American, in its opinion, inadvisable. There are no assurances how the market price of our Class A Common Stock will be impacted
in future periods as a result of the general uncertainties in the capital markets and any specific impact on our Company as a result of
the recent volatility in the capital markets. If the NYSE American delists our Class A Common Stock, investors may face material adverse
consequences, including, but not limited to, a lack of trading market for our Class A Common Stock, reduced liquidity, decreased analyst
coverage of our Class A Common Stock, and an inability for us to obtain any additional financing to fund our operations that we may need. 

If we are unsuccessful
in our Delaware General Corporation Law Section 205 proceeding, the uncertainty with respect to our capital structure could have a material
adverse effect on us until the underlying issues are definitively resolved. 

On
September 14, 2022, FOXO held a special meeting of stockholders, or Special Meeting, to approve certain matters relating to the business
combination between FOXO and Legacy FOXO, including a proposal, or the Charter Proposal, to amend FOXO s then-effective Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated December 10, 2020 (as amended on June 6, 2022 and September 14, 2022). 

The
Charter Proposal was approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock and
Class B common stock voting together as a single class. Although FOXO did not seek approval from the holders of Class A Common Stock,
voting separately as a single class, a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock were voted in favor of the Charter Proposal.
Since the Closing, we have been proceeding with the understanding that the Charter Proposal is valid, including by issuing securities
in reliance thereon. 

We
continue to believe that the lack of disclosure of the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class
A Common Stock, voting separately as a single class, should not affect the validity of the approval of the Charter Proposal. However,
to resolve any uncertainty with respect to our capital structure introduced by a recent ruling by the Delaware Court of Chancery, or Court
of Chancery, and consistent with the approach taken by certain other similarly situated companies, on March 30, 2023, we filed a petition
in the Court of Chancery under Section 205 of the DGCL to seek validation of the filing and effectiveness of our Charter, including the
amendments approved by the Charter Proposal, and the shares issued in reliance on the Charter. Section 205 of the DGCL permits the Court
of Chancery, in its discretion, to ratify and validate potentially defective corporate acts. Concurrently with such petition, we filed
a motion to expedite the hearing on the petition. 

If
we are unsuccessful in our Section 205 proceeding, the uncertainty with respect to our capital structure resulting from the Court of Chancery s
ruling referenced above could have a material adverse effect on us until the underlying issues are definitively resolved, including potential
legal claims by stockholders and on: (1) our ability to complete equity financing transactions or acquisitions or issue stock-based compensation;
(2) the value of our Class A Common Stock; (3) our listing on the NYSE American; and (4) our ability to timely make SEC filings. This
uncertainty could impair our ability to raise additional capital, execute our business plan, attract and retain employees, management
and directors, and adversely affect our commercial relationships. 

32 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. Properties 

We do not
own any real property but lease an office space. Our principal executive offices are located at 729 N. Washington Ave., Suite 600,
Minneapolis, MN 55401. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

Smithline Family Trust II vs. FOXO Technologies
Inc. and Jon Sabes 	 

On November 18, 2022, Smithline
Family Trust II Smithline filed a complaint against the Company and Jon Sabes, the Company s former Chief
Executive Officer and a current member of the Company s board of directors, in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County
of New York, Index 0654430/2022. The complaint asserts claims for breach of contract, unjust enrichment and fraud, alleging that (i) the
Company breached its obligations to Smithline pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement, dated January 25, 2021, between
Legacy FOXO and Smithline, an accompanying 12.5 Original Issue Discount Convertible Debenture, due February 23, 2022, and Warrant to
purchase shares of FOXO common stock until February 23, 2024 (collectively, including any amendment or other document entered into in
connection therewith, the Financing Documents ), (ii) the Company and Mr. Sabes were unjustly enriched as a result
of their alleged actions and omissions in connection with the Financing Documents, and (iii) the Company and Mr. Sabes made materially
false statements or omitted material information in connection with the Financing Documents. The complaint claims damages in excess of
a minimum of 6,206,768 on each of the three causes of action, plus attorneys fees and costs. 

On December 23, 2022, FOXO
removed this action from the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of New York to the United States District Court for the Southern
District of New York, Case 1:22-cv-10858-VEC. The action was assigned to Judge Valerie E. Caproni, and the Initial Pretrial Conference
will be held on February 24, 2023. 

On February 1, 2023, defendant
Jon Sabes moved to dismiss the complaint pursuant to Fed. R. Civ. P. 12(b)(2) and 12(b)(6), which was denied on February 27, 2023. 

On February 22, 2023, Smithline
filed an Amended Complaint. The Company filed its Answer to the Amended Complaint on March 8, 2023 

This action is at an early
stage in the litigation process and the Company is unable to determine the outcome. The Company intends to contest this case vigorously. 

S EC Investigation 

On March 3, 2023, the Company received a document
request from the SEC indicating that the SEC was conducting an investigation regarding the Company and sought documents concerning (1)
Jon Sabes termination as CEO, (2) Jon Sabes resignation from the Company s board of directors, and (3) Steven Sabes 
termination as COO, and is voluntarily responding to the SEC s request. According to the SEC s request, its investigation
does not mean that the SEC has concluded that anyone violated the law or that the SEC has a negative opinion of the Company or any person,
event, or security. At this point, the Company cannot predict the eventual scope, duration or outcome of this matter.	 

Delaware 205 Petition 

On September 14, 2022, FOXO held a special meeting
of stockholders, or Special Meeting, to approve certain matters relating to the business combination between FOXO and Legacy FOXO, including
a proposal, or the Charter Proposal, to amend FOXO s then-effective Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated December
10, 2020 (as amended on June 6, 2022 and September 14, 2022). 

The Charter Proposal was approved by the affirmative
vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B common stock voting together as a single
class. Although FOXO did not seek approval from the holders of Class A Common Stock, voting separately as a single class, a majority of
the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock were voted in favor of the Charter Proposal. Since the Closing, we have been proceeding
with the understanding that the Charter Proposal is valid, including by issuing securities in reliance thereon. 

We continue to believe that the lack of disclosure
of the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, voting separately as a single
class, should not affect the validity of the approval of the Charter Proposal. However, to resolve any uncertainty with respect to our
capital structure introduced by a recent ruling by the Delaware Court of Chancery, or Court of Chancery, and consistent with the approach
taken by certain other similarly situated companies, on March 30, 2023, we filed a petition in the Court of Chancery under Section 205
of the DGCL to seek validation of the filing and effectiveness of our Charter, including the amendments approved by the Charter Proposal,
and the shares issued in reliance on the Charter. Section 205 of the DGCL permits the Court of Chancery, in its discretion, to ratify
and validate potentially defective corporate acts. Concurrently with such petition, we filed a motion to expedite the hearing on the petition. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

33 

Part II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Information for Common Stock 

Our Class A Common Stock and Public Warrants are
listed on NYSE American under the symbols FOXO and FOXO WS, respectively. Prior to the consummation of the
Business Combination, Delwinds Class A Common Stock and Public Warrants were listed on the NYSE under the symbols DWIN 
and DWIN WS, respectively. Prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, there was no public market for the capital
stock of FOXO Technologies Inc. 

Holders of Record 

As of December 31, 2022, there were 75 holders
of record of our Class A Common Stock and 12 holders of record of our Public Warrants. We believe a substantially greater number of beneficial
owners hold shares of Class A Common Stock or Public Warrants through brokers, banks or other nominees. 

Dividends 

We have never declared or paid any cash dividend
on our capital stock. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future and we intend to retain all of our earnings,
if any, to finance our growth and operations and to fund the expansion of our business. Payment of any dividends will be made in the discretion
of our board of directors. Our board of directors may take into account general and economic conditions, our financial condition and results
of operations, our available cash and current and anticipated cash needs, capital requirements, contractual, legal, tax and regulatory
restrictions and implications on the payment of dividends by us to our stockholders or by our subsidiaries to us and such other factors
as our board of directors may deem relevant. In addition, our ability to pay dividends is limited by our credit facilities and may be
limited by covenants of other indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur in the future. We do not anticipate declaring any cash dividends
to holders of our Class A Common Stock in the foreseeable future. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plan 

For information regarding securities authorized for issuance under
equity compensation plans, please refer to Item 12-Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder
Matters. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations 

References to FOXO 
the Company, us, our or we refer to FOXO Technologies Inc. and its consolidated
subsidiaries. The following discussion and analysis summarizes the significant factors affecting the consolidated operating results, financial
condition, liquidity, capital resources and cash flows of our Company as of and for the periods presented below. The following discussion
should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included under Item 8. Financial Statements 
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Report ). Dollar amounts are in thousands, unless otherwise noted. 

Overview 

FOXO seeks to modernize the
life insurance industry through the application of longevity and epigenetic science. With our insurance partners, we will endeavor to
improve and optimize human health span and lifespan through unique and dynamic product offerings tailored to insurance underwriters and
consumers. 

The convergence of two cutting-edge
technologies: DNA sequencing and automated machine learning, has created what we believe is an unprecedented opportunity to reinvent the
life insurance industry through modern molecular biotechnology. DNA sequencing advances now allow for the cost-effective collection of
genomic and epigenomic data, while automated machine learning can identify sophisticated patterns within this data, as well as phenotypic
data. These patterns are known as epigenetic signatures and will provide valuable insights to insurers that will inform their underwriting
and product development. 

34 

By harnessing the power of
epigenetic science, we believe we can revolutionize how life insurance companies sell and underwrite their products. Our insights into
consumers health and lifestyle choices will help insurers tailor their offerings to meet their clients needs and provide
insurers with data to plan for their client s future financial needs. 

We have two core product offerings:
the Underwriting Report, and the Longevity Report . The Underwriting Report allows us to leverage a
single assay testing process to generate a panel of impairment scores that can be applied by life insurance underwriters to more accurately
assess clients during the underwriting process and provide a more personalized risk assessment. The Longevity Report is a consumer-facing
companion product that provides actionable insights to consumers based on their biological age and other epigenetic measures of health
and wellness. It can also be sold separately. We believe the combination of these two reports provides a valuable win for our insurance
carrier partners as well as their customers. 

FOXO is operationalizing a
sales and distribution platform focused on recruiting independent life insurance agents to sell life insurance with our Longevity Report.
FOXO currently markets and sells life insurance products underwritten and issued by third-party carriers through distribution relationships.
 This distribution model (the MGA Model allows FOXO to appoint sales agents and producers to sell insurance products
for specific carriers and earn commissions on subsequent policy sales. Depending on the terms of the agreement between FOXO and the carrier
FOXO MGA, the Longevity Report may be included at the time of the policy purchase at no charge or may be available at an additional cost
to the consumer. We believe the Longevity Report will make longevity science a core aspect to the relationship between life insurance
and consumers. 

The life insurance industry
is ripe for disruption by a new underwriting protocol. Historically, when a single carrier has adopted even a single new underwriting
test, others tend to follow quickly. Some examples include prescription data, smoking tests, and specimen samples. If other insurance
companies do not follow quickly, they may suffer from adverse selection, and get a disproportionate number of mispriced risks. FOXO intends
to leverage the combination of the Underwriting Report and the Longevity Report to revolutionize the life insurance sales and underwriting
experience to the betterment of consumers and carriers alike. 

Business Trends 

Life Insurance Demand. According to the 2021 Insurance Barometer Study, there are significant increases in consumer interest and demand for life insurance, with nearly one-third (31 of consumers surveyed reporting COVID-19 has made them more likely to purchase life insurance in the next 12 months. In addition, the study reported the first sales gains in life insurance since 1983 and described that 22 of Americans (29 million consumers) owning life insurance believe they need more coverage and 59 of Americans (73 million consumers) without life insurance say they would like to acquire coverage. That means 102 million Americans say they either need life insurance coverage or want more of it. The study identified Millennials (ages 22-40) as the demographic most influenced by the pandemic, with 48 surveyed saying they plan to purchase coverage in the next year. Thus, despite the record-low household ownership of life insurance, the 2021 Insurance Barometer Study indicated Americans intent to purchase life insurance is at an all-time high. 

Product Innovation. As life insurance carriers and distributors look to engage consumers renewed interest in life insurance coverage, industry analysts suggest that life insurance can succeed by adopting technology to (i) personalize every aspect of the consumer experience, transition from a traditional assess and service model toward a customer-centric prescribe and prevent model of health management; and (ii) develop innovative product solutions that place emphasis on product flexibility and innovation, including value-added services and nonmonetary benefits to attract consumers. Other analysts point to the need to reduce sales friction for both consumers and agents that stems from long underwriting timelines as a result of invasive blood and urine specimen collection. 

Segments 

We manage and classify our
business into two reportable business segments: 

(i) FOXO Labs 

FOXO Labs is commercializing
proprietary epigenetic biomarker technology to be used for mortality underwriting risk classification in the global life insurance industry.
Our innovative biomarker technology enables the adoption of new saliva-based health and wellness biomarker solutions for underwriting
and risk assessment. Our research demonstrates that epigenetic biomarkers, collected from saliva, provide measures of individual health
and wellness factors used in life insurance underwriting traditionally obtained through blood and urine specimens. FOXO Labs anticipates
recognizing revenue related to sales of the Underwriting Report and Longevity Report. 

35 

FOXO Labs currently recognizes
revenue from providing epigenetic testing services and collecting a royalty from Illumina, Inc. related to the sales of the Infinium Mouse
Methylation Array. The Company s saliva-based health and wellness testing solutions for underwriting and risk classification are
expected to be its largest source of revenue. FOXO Labs conducts research and development and such costs are recorded within research
and development expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. 

(ii) FOXO Life 

FOXO Life is redefining the
relationship between consumers and insurer by combining life insurance with healthy longevity. FOXO Life seeks to transform the value
proposition of the life insurance carrier from a provider of mortality risk protection products to a promoter of its customers 
health and wellness. The distribution of insurance products with FOXO s Longevity Report strives to provide life insurance consumers
with valuable information and insights about their individual health and wellness. 

FOXO Life currently has residual
commission revenues from its legacy insurance agency business. FOXO Life has begun receiving insurance commission from the distribution
and sale of life insurance policies based on the size and type of policies sold to customers. FOXO Life costs are recorded within selling,
general and administrative expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. 

Acquisition of Insurance Entity 

We completed our acquisition
of Memorial Insurance Company of America MICOA on August 20, 2021. Purchase consideration for the acquisition
of MICOA totaled 1,155, which included an indefinite-lived insurance license intangible asset recorded at a fair value of 63 and cash
of 1,092. We fair valued reinsurance recoverables and policy reserves as part of the acquisition. The existing statutory capital and
surplus remains with us post-acquisition. The approval by the Arkansas Insurance Department requires us to maintain statutory capital
and surplus of no less than 5,000 and a risk-based capital ratio of 301 or greater in the regulated insurance entity. MICOA has been
renamed FOXO Life Insurance Company. 

As part of the transaction
and while our subsidiary, the former owners of MICOA administer and 100 reinsure all policies outstanding as of the acquisition date.
FOXO Life Insurance Company has not issued any new insurance policies since the acquisition and all premiums, reinsurance recoverables,
and policy reserves relate to the 100 reinsured business. Additionally, as part of the transaction and while our subsidiary FOXO Life
Insurance Company remains liable only in the event the reinsuring company is unable to meet its obligations under the reinsurance agreement. 

FOXO Life Insurance Company
is required to prepare statutory financial statements in accordance with statutory accounting practices prescribed or permitted by the
Arkansas Insurance Department. The activity of FOXO Life Insurance Company post-acquisition is included in the consolidated financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 

On
February 3, 2023, we consummated the sale of FOXO Life Insurance Company to Security National pursuant to the Security National Merger
Agreement. After the Merger Consideration and Security National s third party expenses, the transaction resulted in the Company
gaining access to 4,751 that was previously held as statutory capital and surplus pursuant to the Arkansas Code. For additional
information concerning FOXO Life Insurance Company operations, see Recent Developments FOXO Life Insurance Company 
below. 

Comparability of Financial Results 

On September 15, 2022, we
consummated the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. Immediately upon the Closing, the name of the combined company was
changed to FOXO Technologies Inc. 

Legacy FOXO was determined
to be the accounting acquirer in the Business Combination. Accordingly, the acquisition of Legacy FOXO by the Company was accounted for
as a reverse recapitalization. Under this method of accounting, the Company was treated as the acquiree for financial reporting purposes.
The net assets of the Company were stated at their historical cost, with no goodwill or other separately identifiable intangible assets
recorded. The balance sheet, results of operations and cash flows prior to the Business Combination are those of Legacy FOXO. 

36 

Simultaneously with the execution
of the Merger Agreement, Delwinds entered into a Common Stock Purchase Agreement (the ELOC Agreement with CF Principal
Investments LLC (the Cantor Investor ), pursuant to which, assuming satisfaction of certain conditions and subject
to limitations set forth in the ELOC Agreement, the Company would have the right, from time to time to sell the Cantor Investor up to
 40,000 in shares of the Company s Class A common stock (the Class A Common Stock until the first day of the
next month following the 36-month anniversary of when the SEC has declared effective a registration statement covering the resale of such
shares of Class A Common Stock or until the date on which the facility has been fully utilized, if earlier. On November 8, 2022, the Company
and Cantor mutually terminated the ELOC Agreement. Upon the termination of the ELOC Agreement, the related Registration Rights Agreement,
dated as of February 24, 2022 (the Registration Rights Agreement ), by and between the Company and Cantor was automatically
terminated in accordance with its terms. 

In accordance with the terms
of the Merger Agreement, at Closing, the Company (i) acquired 100 of the issued and outstanding Legacy FOXO Class A common stock (the
 FOXO Class A Common Stock in exchange for equity consideration in the form of the Company s Class A Common
Stock, (ii) acquired 100 of the issued and outstanding shares of Legacy FOXO Class B common stock (the FOXO Class B Common
Stock in exchange for equity consideration in the form of the Company s Class A Common Stock. 

Immediately prior to the
Closing, the following transactions occurred: 

8,000,000 shares of Legacy FOXO Series A preferred stock (the FOXO Preferred Stock were exchanged for 8,000,000 shares of FOXO Class A Common Stock. 

The 2021 Bridge Debentures in the principal amount, together with accrued and unpaid interest, of 24,402
were converted into 6,759,642 shares of FOXO Class A Common Stock. 

The holders of the 2022 Bridge Debentures in the principal amount, together with accrued and unpaid interest,
of 34,496 were converted into 7,810,509 shares of FOXO Class A Common Stock. 

As a result of and upon the
Closing, among other things, (1) all outstanding shares of FOXO Class A Common Stock (after giving effect to the conversion of the FOXO
Preferred Stock into shares of FOXO Class A Common Stock) and FOXO Class B Common Stock were converted into 15,518,705 shares of the Company s
Class A Common Stock, (2) all FOXO options and FOXO warrants outstanding immediately before the Closing Assumed Options 
and Assumed Warrants , as applicable) were assumed and converted, subject to adjustment pursuant to the terms of the
Merger Agreement, into options and warrants, respectively, of the Company, exercisable for share of the Company s Class A Common
Stock and (3) other than the Assumed Options and Assumed Warrants, all other convertible securities and other rights to purchase capital
stock Legacy FOXO were retired and terminated, if they were not converted, exchanged or exercised for Legacy FOXO stock immediately prior
the Closing. 

Recent Developments 

FOXO Life Insurance Company 

In
connection with the Business Combination, we submitted various filings with the Arkansas Insurance Department (the Department to ensure compliance with Arkansas insurance laws. After review and analysis of the relevant documentation and meetings with us, on September
9, 2022, the Department advised us that it concluded that the Business Combination did not require approval from the Department given
that there was no change in the ultimate controlling party. Due to market conditions, our capitalization following the Business Combination
did not materialize in the way the Company anticipated, and we do not currently possess the funding that we believe would be required
to satisfy state regulations and regulatory bodies to issue new life insurance policies through FOXO Life Insurance Company. As such,
we have not moved forward with the launch of FOXO Life Insurance Company. The outstanding policies issued by FOXO Life Insurance Company
prior to our acquisition of the entity will continue to be administered and reinsured by the former owners of MICOA (as defined below).
We intend to focus on selling products issued by third-party carriers through our MGA Model. 

On
January 10, 2023, we entered into a merger agreement (the Security National Merger Agreement with Security National
Life Insurance Company, a Utah corporation (the Security National ), FOXO Life, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company FOXO Life ), and FOXO Life Insurance Company (fka Memorial Insurance
Company of America MICOA )), an Arkansas corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Seller, pursuant to which,
subject to the terms and conditions of the Security National Merger Agreement, the Company agreed to sell FOXO Life Insurance Company
to Security National. Specifically, pursuant to the Security National Merger Agreement, FOXO Life Insurance Company merged with and into
the Security National, with Security National continuing as the surviving corporation. 

On
February 3, 2023 (the Closing Date ), we consummated the sale of FOXO Life Insurance Company to Security National pursuant
to the Security National Merger Agreement. As a result of the merger, the Company is no longer required to hold cash and cash equivalents
required to be held as statutory capital and surplus, as required under the Arkansas Insurance Code (the Arkansas Code ). 

At
the closing, all of FOXO Life Insurance s shares were cancelled and retired and ceased to exist in exchange of an amount equal to
FOXO Life Insurance s statutory capital and surplus amount of 5,002 as of the Closing Date, minus 200 (the Merger Consideration ).

37 

After
the Merger Consideration and Security National s third party expenses, the transaction resulted in the Company gaining access to
 4,751 that was previously held as statutory capital and surplus pursuant to the Arkansas Code. 

The
Company maintains both the FOXO Life and FOXO Labs segments after the sale of FOXO Life Insurance. The Company previously indicated in
its quarterly report on Form10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2022, that due to market conditions, our capitalization
following the Business Combination did not materialize in the way the Company anticipated, and we did not currently possess the funding
that we believe would be required to satisfy state regulations and regulatory bodies to issue new life insurance policies through FOXO
Life Insurance Company. As such, we did not move forward with the launch of FOXO Life Insurance Company and sold the entity to enhance
stockholder value. The outstanding policies issued by FOXO Life Insurance Company were previously administered and reinsured by the former
owners who once again own the entity and will continue to administer the policies. We intend to focus on selling products issued by third-party
carriers through our MGA Model and FOXO Life segment. Accordingly, the sale formalizes that we will not issue any policies through FOXO
Life Insurance Company. Our FOXO Labs segment continues to work on commercializing our epigenetic biomarker technology for underwriting
risk classification. 

Memorandum Regarding Assumed Warrants and PIK
Note 

The Company distributed a
memorandum (the Memorandum on March 10, 2023 to (i) the holders of the Company s Assumed Warrants and (ii)
the holders of certain 15 Senior Promissory Notes issued by the Company (the PIK Notes ). The Memorandum explains
that the Company is contemplating an exchange offer (the Exchange Offer that would give the holders of the Assumed
Warrants the opportunity to exchange such Assumed Warrants for shares of our Class A Common Stock at a rate of 4.83 shares for each Assumed
Warrant (the Exchange Ratio ). In addition, in connection with the proposed Exchange Offer, the Company will also
seek to solicit consents from the holders of the Assumed Warrants to amend the Assumed Warrants in accordance with their terms to, among
other things, ensure that the issuance of shares of Common Stock in connection with the PIK Note Amendments (as defined below) do not
trigger an anti-dilution adjustment (collectively, the Warrant Amendments ). 

The Memorandum also explains
that the Company will seek to solicit consents from the holders of the PIK Notes to amend the PIK Notes (the Offer to Amend to permit the Company to raise up to 5,000 in a private placement of debt or equity without being required to repay in full the PIK Notes
and raise up to 20,000, subject to certain requirements (collectively, the PIK Note Amendments ). In exchange for
the PIK Note Amendments, the Company would issue to each holder 1.25 shares of Class A Common Stock for every 1.00 of the original principal
amount of their respective PIK Note. The Memorandum adds that the Company will register for resale with the SEC any shares of Class A
Common Stock issued in exchange for the Assumed Warrants or in connection with the approval of the PIK Note Amendments promptly following
the issuance of such shares of Common Stock. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

To supplement our financial
information presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP, management periodically uses certain non-GAAP financial measures, 
as such term is defined under the rules of the SEC, to clarify and enhance understanding of past performance and prospects for the future.
Generally, a non-GAAP financial measure is a numerical measure of a company s operating performance, financial position or cash
flows that excludes or includes amounts that are included in or excluded from the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented
in accordance with U.S. GAAP. For example, non-GAAP measures may exclude the impact of certain items such as acquisitions, divestitures,
gains, losses and impairments, or items outside of management s control. Management believes that the following non-GAAP financial
measure provides investors and analysts useful insight into our financial position and operating performance. Any non-GAAP measure provided
should be viewed in addition to, and not as an alternative to, the most directly comparable measure determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP.
Further, the calculation of these non-GAAP financial measures may differ from the calculation of similarly titled financial measures presented
by other companies and therefore may not be comparable among companies. 

Adjusted EBITDA provides additional
insight into our underlying, ongoing operating performance and facilitates period-to-period comparisons by excluding the earnings impact
of interest, tax, depreciation and amortization, investment impairment, non-cash change in fair value of convertible debentures, and equity-based
compensation. Management believes that presenting Adjusted EBITDA is more representative of our operational performance and may be more
useful for investors. Adjusted EBITDA along with a reconciliation to net loss is shown in Other Operating Data within the Results of Operations
below. 

38 

Results of Operations 

Upon closing of the Business
Combination, we changed our name to FOXO Technologies Inc. Results of operations included within this Report pertaining to periods ending
prior to the Closing of the Business Combination on September 15, 2022 are those of Legacy FOXO. 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 Change in 
 
 Change in 

Total revenue 
 511 
 120 
 391 
 326 
 
 Cost of sales 
 344 
 - 
 344 
 N/A 
 
 Gross profit 
 167 
 120 
 47 
 39 
 
 Operating expenses: 

Research and development 
 3,047 
 4,879 
 (1,832 
 (38 
 
 Management contingent share plan 
 10,091 
 - 
 10,091 
 N/A 
 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 27,196 
 10,272 
 16,924 
 165 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 40,334 
 15,151 
 25,183 
 166 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (40,167 
 (15,031 
 (25,136 
 167 
 
 Non-cash change in fair value of convertible debentures 
 (28,180 
 (21,703 
 (6,477 
 30 
 
 Change in fair value of warrant liability 
 2,076 
 - 
 2,076 
 N/A 
 
 Forward purchase agreement expense 
 (27,337 
 - 
 (27,337 
 N/A 
 
 Other non-operating expenses 
 (1,647 
 (1,754 
 107 
 (6 
 
 Total non-operating expense 
 (55,088 
 (23,457 
 (31,631 
 135 
 
 Net loss 
 (95,255 
 (38,488 
 (56,767 
 147 

Revenues. Total
revenues were 511 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 120 for the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended
December 31, 2022, the Company recognized 400 of revenue related to epigenetic biomarker services that did occur in the year ended December
31, 2021. This increase was offset by a combined 9 decrease in life insurance commissions earned and epigenetic biomarker royalties because
we ceased placing policies from our legacy agency business and had a reduction of the royalty rate on Illumina, Inc. s license to
manufacture and sell Infinium Mouse Methylation Arrays using our epigenetic research . 

Research and Development. Research
and development expenses were 3,047 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 4,879 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The
decrease of 1,832, or 38 , was driven by 3,310 of expenses incurred during the year ended December 31, 2021, related to Harvard University s
Brigham and Women s Hospital Physicians Health Study PHS that were insignificant in the comparable
period. This included three milestone payments totaling 926 thousand, required at commencement, upon transfer of clinical data, and upon
the receipt of human materials used in the study, respectively. There are no additional milestone payments due for PHS. The remaining
expenses related to supplies and data processing to obtain epigenetic data. PHS is currently in a data organizing and analysis phase.
As such, the Company does not expect to incur additional material expenses related to PHS after December 31, 2022. This decrease was partially
offset by 696 of incremental research and development costs associated with a clinical trial agreement with The Brigham and Women s
Hospital, Inc. VECTOR ), the majority of which related to a payment at contract inception. The research study associated
with this arrangement is on hold. Additional employee-related expenses incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022, also partially
offset the decrease in research and development expenses over the comparison period. 

Management Contingent
Share Plan. Management contingent share plan expenses were 10,091 for the year ended December 31, 2022, as a result of
issuing awards as part of the Business Combination. We began recognizing expense related to the performance condition for entering into
a commercial research collaboration agreement. 8,695 of the expense recognized on the Management Contingent Share Plan relates to the
service-based conditions that no longer applied to the former CEO and is subject to forfeiture pending conclusion of the Board of Director s
review. As of December 31, 2022, the Board of Directors was in process of reviewing whether our former Chief Executive
Officer, Jon Sabes, was terminated with or without cause. Accordingly, we have yet to make a determination on our obligations to the former
Chief Executive Officer. We have recognized expenses related to his management contingent share plan per the terms of that arrangement
while the matter remains under review. 

Selling, General and
Administrative. Selling, general and administrative expenses were 27,196 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to
 10,272 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 16,924, or 165 , was primarily due to (i) 6,654 of equity-based compensation
costs associated with the Consulting Agreement, Cantor Commitment Fee, and vendor shares in the year ended December 31, 2022, (ii) 1,283
of amortization expense that began when assets were placed in service in the year ended December 31, 2022, and (iii) 1,370 of impairment
charges in the year ended December 31, 2022, related to the health study tool and insurance license. The remaining increase of 7,617
was incurred to support business growth and the implementation of our business plan, primarily related to employee-related expenses, insurance
expenses, as well as incremental professional services incurred in connection with the Business Combinations. 

39 

Non-Cash Change in Fair Value of Convertible Debentures. The
non-cash change in fair value of convertible debentures was 28,180 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 21,703 for the
year ended December 31, 2021. We elected the fair value option to account for the 2021 Bridge Debentures and 2022 Bridge Debentures.
The increase in fair value for the year ended December 31, 2021, was the result of the increased likelihood of voluntary or mandatory
conversion at OIP, which represents a favorable result to holders of the debentures. The change for the year ended December 31, 2022,
also reflected the increase in fair value associated with incurring additional debt. 

Change in Fair Value
of Warrant Liabilities. The change in fair value of warrant liabilities was 2,076 during the year ended December 31, 2022 as
a result of a reduction in the fair value of derivative warrant liabilities assumed as part of the Business Combination. 

Forward Purchase Agreement
Expense. The forward purchase agreement expense was 27,337 during the year ended December 31, 2022 due to the forward purchase
agreement entered into as part of the Business Combination and the decline in our stock price. The expense primarily relates to the cancellation
of the agreement, amounts released from escrow to the counterparty as a result of open market sales, and settling the collateral liability. 

Other Expense. We
recognized other expense of 1,647 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 1,754 for the year ended December 31, 2021. This
decrease was the result of a 400 investment impairment in the year ended December 31, 2021 that was partially offset by incremental contractual
interest expense incurred in the year ended December 31, 2022 in connection with the 2021 Bridge Amendment. 

Net Loss. Net
loss was 95,255 for the year ended December 31, 2022, which reflects an increase of 56,767 or 147 over the 38,488 net loss in the
prior year comparable period. This increase was primarily due to increases in non-cash change in fair value of convertible debentures,
increases in selling, general and administrative expenses, and incurring forward purchase agreement expenses. 

Analysis of Segment Results: 

The following is an analysis
of our results by reportable segment for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The primary income
measure used for assessing reportable segment performance is earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation, amortization, and equity-based
compensation. Segment Earnings by reportable segment also excludes corporate and other costs, including management, IT, and overhead costs.
For further information regarding our reportable business segments, please refer to our consolidated financial statements and related
notes included elsewhere in this annual report. 

FOXO Labs 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 Change in 
 
 Change 
in 
 
 Total revenue 
 483 
 85 
 398 
 468 
 
 Research and development expenses 
 3,252 
 4,875 
 (1,623 
 (33 
 
 Segment Earnings 
 (2,769 
 (4,790 
 2,021 
 (42 

Revenues. Total
revenues were 483 and 85 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
recognized 400 of revenue related to epigenetic biomarker services with the remaining revenue in both periods from earned royalties on
Illumina, Inc. s license to manufacture and sell Infinium Mouse Methylation Arrays using our epigenetic research. 

Segment Earnings. Segment
Earnings increased from 4,790) for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 2,769) for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase of
 2,021 was driven by 3,310 of expenses incurred during the year ended December 31, 2021 related to PHS that were insignificant in the
2022 comparable period. This decrease was partially offset by 696 of incremental research and development costs associated with VECTOR,
the majority of which related to a payment at contract inception. The research study associated with this arrangement is on hold. Additional
employee-related expenses incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 also partially offset the decrease in research and development
expenses over the comparison period. 

40 

FOXO Life 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 Change in 
 
 Change in 

Total revenue 
 28 
 35 
 (7 
 (20 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 3,763 
 2,416 
 1,347 
 56 
 
 Segment Earnings 
 (3,735 
 (2,381 
 (1,354 
 57 

Revenues. Total
revenues were 28 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 35 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was due to reduced
life insurance commissions earned as we ceased placing policies from our legacy agency business. 

Segment Earnings. Segment
Earnings decreased from 2,381) for the year ended December 31, 2021 to 3,735) for the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease of 1,354) was primarily due to incremental employee-related expenses and costs for professional services. 

Other Operating Data: 

We use Adjusted EBITDA to evaluate
our operating performance. Adjusted EBITDA does not represent and should not be considered an alternative to net income as determined
by U.S. GAAP, and our calculations thereof may not be comparable to those reported by other companies. We believe Adjusted EBITDA is an
important measure of operating performance and provides useful information to investors because it highlights trends in our business that
may not otherwise be apparent when relying solely on U.S. GAAP measures and because it eliminates items that have less bearing on our
operating performance. Adjusted EBITDA, as presented herein, is a supplemental measure of our performance that is not required by, or
presented in accordance with, U.S. GAAP. We use non-GAAP financial measures as supplements to our U.S. GAAP results in order to provide
a more complete understanding of the factors and trends affecting our business. Adjusted EBITDA is a measure of operating performance
that is not defined by U.S. GAAP and should not be considered a substitute for net (loss) income as determined in accordance with U.S.
GAAP. 

We reconcile our non-GAAP financial
measure to our net loss, which is its most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP.
Our management uses Adjusted EBITDA as a financial measure to evaluate the profitability and efficiency of our business model. Adjusted
EBITDA is not presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA includes adjustments for provision for income taxes, as applicable,
interest income and expense, depreciation and amortization, equity-based compensation, and certain other infrequent and/or unpredictable
non-cash charges or benefits, such as impairment, changes in fair value of convertible debentures, changes in fair value of warrant liabilities,
and expenses related to the forward purchase agreement. 

For the year ended 
 December 31, 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Net loss 
 (95,255 
 (38,488 
 
 Add: Depreciation and amortization 
 1,487 
 98 
 
 Add: Interest expense 
 1,440 
 1,118 
 
 Add: Equity-based compensation (1) 
 17,689 
 131 
 
 Add: Non-cash change in fair value of convertible debentures 
 28,180 
 21,703 
 
 Add: Change in fair value of warrant liability 
 (2,076 
 - 
 
 Add: Impairment charges (2) 
 1,370 
 400 
 
 Add: Forward purchase agreement expense 
 27,337 
 - 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 (19,828 
 (15,038 

(1) Includes expense recognized related to the shares issued to
the Consultant, vendor shares, and for the Cantor Commitment Fee. See Notes 6 and 7 of the consolidated financial statements. 

(2) Includes impairment for the health study tool, insurance license
and investment impairment. See Notes 3 and 4 of the consolidated financial statements. 

41 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Sources of Liquidity and Capital 

We had cash and cash equivalents
of 5,515 and 6,856 as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. We have incurred net losses since our inception. For
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred net losses of 95,255 and 38,488, respectively. We had an accumulated deficit
of 147,231 and 51,976, respectively, as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. We have generated limited revenue to date and expect
to incur additional losses in future periods. 

As part of the Business Combination,
we entered into a Forward Purchase Agreement and ELOC Agreement to fund our business; however, these agreements have since been terminated
as a result of the performance of our stock. The Business Combination ultimately resulted in a significant number of redemptions limiting
our proceeds. Additionally, we are unlikely to receive proceeds from the exercise of outstanding Warrants as a result of the difference
between our current trading price of our Class A Common Stock and the exercise price of the various Warrants, as further discussed below.
Our current revenue is not adequate to fund our operations in the next twelve months, as further described under Liquidity Update 
below, and requires us to fund our business through other avenues until the time we achieve adequate scale. Securing additional capital
is necessary to execute on our business strategy. 

FOXO Life Insurance Company Sale 

As discussed above under
 Recent Developments FOXO Life Insurance Company, we consummated the sale of
FOXO Life Insurance Company to Security National pursuant to the Security National Merger Agreement. After the Merger Consideration and
Security National s third party expenses, the transaction resulted in the Company gaining access to 4,751 that was previously held
as statutory capital and surplus pursuant to the Arkansas Code. 

Prior
Financings 

Prior to the closing of the
Business Combination, we financed our business through a combination of equity and debt, consisting of proceeds from a subscription receivable
and proceeds from convertible debenture offerings. The subscription receivable initially totaled 20,000, with the last installment being
received during the third quarter of 2021. 

During the first quarter of
2021, we entered into separate securities purchase agreements with the 2021 Bridge Investors, pursuant to which we issued convertible
debentures for 11,812 in aggregate principal. After an original issue discount of 12.5 we received cash proceeds of 10,500 for this
issuance. Additionally, we incurred an incremental 888 of fees and expenses related to the offering. The 2021 Bridge Debentures were
issued in three tranches, on January 25, 2021, February 23, 2021, and March 4, 2021. 

Additionally, during the first
quarter of 2022, we entered into separate securities purchase agreements with the 2022 Bridge Investors, pursuant to which we issued the
2022 Bridge Debentures for 24,750 in aggregate principal. After an original issue discount of 10.0 we received cash proceeds of 22,500
for this issuance. In the second quarter of 2022, we issued additional 2022 Bridge Debentures pursuant to which we raised an additional
 5,500 in cash proceeds or 6,050 in aggregate principal amount under the same terms as the issuance of the 2022 Bridge Debentures in
the first quarter of 2022, resulting in total cash proceeds of 28,000 from the issuance of the 2022 Bridge Debentures. 

Immediately prior to the Closing,
the 2021 Bridge Debentures and 2022 Bridge Debentures were converted into 6,759,642 and 7,810,509, respectively, shares of FOXO Class
A Common Stock and were subsequently exchanged for shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock at the Closing of the Business Combination. 

During
the third quarter of 2022, we entered into separate securities purchase agreements pursuant to which we issued our Senior PIK Notes in
the aggregate principal of 3,458 . We received net proceeds of 2,918 ,
after deducting fees and expenses of 540 . 

Going Concern 

Our primary uses of cash are
to fund our operations as we continue to grow our business. We expect to continue to incur operating losses in the near term to support
the growth of our business. Capital expenditures have historically not been material to our consolidated operations, and we do not anticipate
making material capital expenditures in 2022 or beyond. We expect that our liquidity requirements will continue to consist of working
capital and general corporate expenses associated with the growth of our business. Based on our current planned operations, we expect
to address our liquidity needs through the pursuit of additional funding through a combination of equity or debt financings to enable
us to fund our operations for at least 12 months from the date hereof. 

42 

We expect proceeds from the
FOXO Life Insurance Company sale to contribute in funding our operations until June 2023. In the event we are unable to secure financing
by that time, we may be forced to sell the company, suspend our operations, and possibly even liquidate our assets and wind-up and dissolve
our Company. As such, until additional equity or debt capital is secured and the Company begins generating sufficient revenue, there is
substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

We have based our estimates
as to how long we expect we will be able to fund our operations on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could use our available
capital resources sooner than we currently expect, in which case we would be required to obtain additional financing sooner than currently
projected, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. Our failure to raise capital as and when needed would have
a negative impact on our financial condition and our ability to pursue our business strategy. We may raise additional capital through
equity offerings, debt financings or other capital sources. If we do raise additional capital through public or private equity offerings,
or convertible debt offerings, the ownership interest of our existing stockholders will be diluted, and the terms of these securities
may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely impact our existing stockholders rights. If we raise additional capital
through debt financing, we may be subject to covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take certain actions. As discussed above
under Recent Developments Memorandum Regarding Assumed Warrants and PIK Note the Company is pursuing amendments
to existing agreements to help it raise additional capital. 

Liquidity Update 

In connection with the evaluation
of the Business Combination, our management prepared and provided to our Board of Directors and Delwinds financial advisor unaudited
prospective financial information, which included projected revenues for fiscal year 2022 of 2,000. The prospective financial information
was prepared using a number of assumptions, including assumptions with respect to general business, economic, market, regulatory and financial
conditions and various other factors, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond FOXO s control. Based on
the 511 of revenue recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022, we had substantially less revenue than previously anticipated.
The significant reduction in revenue is due to several factors including but not limited to (i) the Business Combination taking longer
than expected to consummate, which was not considered when the forecast was originally prepared, (ii) the updates to the business strategy
to focus on the MGA Model as opposed to starting to sell policies through FOXO Life Insurance Company requiring us to adjust our operations
and resulting in zero revenue from the sale of policies through FOXO Life Insurance Company, (iii) the royalties earned from our mouse
methylation biomarker royalties being lower than forecast as a result of lower sales than expected and as a result of a reduced royalty
rate in exchange for releasing us from a purchase commitment and (iv) the Company s continued focus on capital raising initiatives.
As previously discussed, the sale of FOXO Life Insurance Company improved our liquidity by giving us access to 4,751 that was previously
subject to statutory capital and surplus requirements . 

Cash Flows 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The following table summarizes our cash flow data
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands): 

Cash Provided by / (Used in) 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating Activities 
 (23,760 
 (15,055 
 
 Investing Activities 
 (1,870 
 (355 
 
 Financing Activities 
 24,289 
 14,143 

Operating Activities 

Net cash used for operating
activities in the year ended December 31, 2022 was 23,760 compared to 15,055 in the year ended December 31, 2021. Operating cash flow
decreased 8,705, or 58 , from the year ended December 31, 2021 to the year ended December 31, 2022. The decrease was the result
of an increased net loss, primarily driven by non-cash items, as well as increased working capital. 

Investing Activities 

Net cash used for investing
activities in the year ended December 31, 2022 was 1,870 compared to 355 in the year ended December 31, 2021. This investing cash flow
decrease of 1,515 was due to incremental costs incurred to develop internal use software, partially offset by a decrease in investments
made. 

43 

Financing Activities 

Net cash provided by financing
activities in the year ended December 31, 2022 was 24,289 compared to 14,143 in the year ended December 31, 2021. This financing cash
flow increase was the result of higher debt proceeds of 28,000 from the 2022 Bridge Debentures and 2,918 net proceeds from the Senior
PIK Notes compared to 10,500 from the 2021 Bridge Debentures. This was partially offset by reduced proceeds received on our Subscription
Receivable during the year ended December 31, 2021, warrant repurchases and the series of transactions associated with the Business Combination. 

Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets
or liabilities which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships
with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. 

We have not entered into any
off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities,
or entered into any non-financial assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

Our contractual obligations
as of December 31, 2022 include: 

Amounts Due by Period 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Less than 
 1 Year (d) 
 1 - 3 years 
 3 - 5 years 
 More than 
 5 years 
 Total (e) 
 
 License agreements (a) 
 25 
 80 
 80 
 - 
 185 
 
 Research agreements (b) 
 13 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 13 
 
 Senior PIK Notes (c) 
 - 
 3,588 
 - 
 - 
 3,588 
 
 Vendor commitments (d) 
 146 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 146 
 
 Total 
 184 
 3,668 
 80 
 - 
 3,932 

(a) License agreements remain in place until the licensor s
patents expire or are abandoned. Amounts do not include development milestones that have not been reached as of December 31, 2022. 

(b) Amounts relate to completing CHOP in the upcoming year. See
Note 16 of the consolidated financial statements. 

(c) Represents the principal balance as of December 31, 2022. The
Senior PIK Notes are subject to prepayment penalties and interest is paid through the issuance of additional Senior PIK Notes. The ultimate
amount required to settle the Senior PIK Note will vary depending on when it is settled. See Note 5 of the consolidated financial statements. 

(d) The Company has two vendor commitments comprising the balance
shown. See Note 15 of the consolidated financial statements. 

(e) Does not include 425 of potential milestone payments related
to the VECTOR study. The milestone payments are within the control of the Company and as of December 31, 2022 the milestones have not
been met. See Note 16 of the consolidated financial statements. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of the consolidated financial statements and related
notes included under Item 8. Financial Statements and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP. The preparation of these
consolidated financial statements requires the selection of the appropriate accounting principles to be applied and the judgments and
assumptions on which to base accounting estimates, which affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the balance
sheets, the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods, and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical
experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances at the time such estimates are made.
Actual results and outcomes may differ materially from our estimates, judgments, and assumptions. We periodically review our estimates
in light of changes in circumstances, facts, and experience. The effects of material revisions in estimates are reflected in the consolidated
financial statements prospectively from the date of the change in estimate. 

44 

We define our critical accounting
policies and estimates as those that require us to make subjective judgments about matters that are uncertain and are likely to have a
material impact on our financial condition and results of operations as well as the specific manner in which we apply those principles.
We believe the critical accounting policies used in the preparation of our financial statements which require significant estimates and
judgments are as follows: 

Equity-Based Compensation 

Historically, prior to the
Business Combination, we offered equity-based compensation to employees and nonemployees in the form of stock options and restricted stock.
We measure and recognize all equity-based payments to employees, service providers and board members at fair value. The cost of services
received from employees and non-employees in exchange for awards of equity instruments is recognized in the consolidated statements of
operations based on the estimated fair value of those awards on the grant date or reporting date, if required to be remeasured, and amortized
on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. We recognize forfeitures as incurred. We utilize a Black-Scholes valuation
model to estimate the fair value of stock options and this model requires the input of assumptions, including the exercise price, volatility,
expected term, discount rate, and the fair value of the underlying membership or stock on the date of grant. These inputs are provided
at the grant date for an equity classified award and each measurement date for a liability classified award. Equity-based compensation
awards are considered granted (i) when there is a mutual understanding of key terms, (ii) we are contingently obligated to issue
the options, and (iii) the option holder begins to benefit or be adversely impacted by changes in our stock price. This primarily
occurs at the time the stock option agreements are executed. 

Our option pricing model requires
the input of highly subjective assumptions, including the fair value of the underlying units or stock, the expected term of the equity-based
award, the expected volatility of the price of our common units or stock, risk-free interest rates, and the expected dividend yield of
our common units or stock. The assumptions used in our option pricing model represent management s best estimates. These estimates
involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management s judgment. If factors change and different assumptions are used,
our equity-based compensation expense could be materially different in the future. 

These assumptions were estimated
as follows: 

Fair
Value of Our Common Stock: As Legacy FOXO s common stock was not
publicly traded, we estimated the fair value of our common stock, as discussed in the section Common Stock Valuations below. 

Risk-Free Interest Rate: We based the risk-free interest rate
used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model on the implied yield to maturity available on a U.S. Treasury constant maturity security
with a term commensurate with the expected term of the stock options. 

Expected Term: We estimated the expected term using the simplified
method due to the lack of historical exercise activity for our common stock. The simplified method calculates the expected term as the
mid-point between the vesting term and the contractual term of the award. 

Volatility:
As Legacy FOXO was a privately held company with no trading history prior,
we estimated the stock price volatility factor by referencing historical volatilities of comparable peer companies. To determine a set
of comparable peer companies, we considered similar public companies and selected those that are most similar to us in size, stage of
life cycle, and financial leverage. We intend to continue to apply this process using the same or similar public companies until sufficient
historical information regarding the volatility of our own common stock share price becomes available, or unless circumstances change
such that the identified companies are no longer comparable to our business, in which case, more suitable companies whose share prices
are publicly available would be utilized in the calculation. 

Dividend yield: We have never declared or paid any cash dividends
and do not presently plan to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Consequently, we used an expected dividend yield of zero. 

Common Stock Valuations 

Prior to our initial public
offering FOXO Technologies Operating Company s common stock was not publicly traded, the fair value of our equity, which is the
basis upon which all of our equity-based compensation awards was measured and recognized, was determined by our board of directors, with
input from management and third-party valuation specialists. The third-party valuation specialists apply valuation techniques and methods
that conform to generally accepted valuation practices and standards established by the American Society of Appraisers in accordance with
Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice. The valuation methodologies and techniques utilized are also consistent with guidance
issued by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants in its Accounting and Valuation Guide, Valuation of Privately-Held-Company
Equity Securities Issued as Compensation, 2013 . The specialists used a variety of both objective and subjective factors, including: 

the nature of our business and its history since inception; 

the prices, rights, preferences, and privileges of our preferred
units relative to those of our common units; 

our stage of development; 

our operating and financial performance and forecast; 

the present value of estimated future cash flows; 

the likelihood of achieving a liquidity event for the shares
of common units underlying the options to purchase common stock, such as an initial public offering or sale of our company, given prevailing
market conditions and the nature and history of our business; 

45 

any adjustment necessary to recognize a lack of marketability
for our common stock; 

the market performance of comparable publicly traded companies;
and 

conditions in the U.S. and global capital markets. 

An initial valuation was
performed by an independent third-party valuation specialist in November 2019, concurrent with the formation of Legacy FOXO as
a limited liability company. In this valuation, the Cost Approach was used to determine enterprise value based on the fair market value
of our assets. This approach was utilized given our lack of earnings history and the start-up nature of our business and operations,
both of which brought into question our ability to continue as a going concern. At the time of this valuation, the estimated enterprise
value was primarily based on the subscription receivable. Another valuation was performed by an independent third-party valuation specialist
in November 2020 following the corporate conversion of Legacy FOXO and
in anticipation of issuing stock options. The valuation was performed using the same methodology, but also considered a liquidation preference
for preferred stock calculated using a Black-Scholes valuation model. At the time of this valuation, the majority of the subscription
receivable had already been collected, causing a reduction in the estimated enterprise value. The liquidation preference for preferred
stock and a discount for lack of marketability also had an adverse impact on valuation, which was determined to be 0.21 per share of
common stock. 

We have historically refreshed
enterprise valuations to determine the fair value of our equity-based compensation at grant date for stock options based on the methodologies
as described. 

We conduct performance reviews
twice annually following the end of the second and fourth quarter. Our first stock option grant occurred following our biannual review
after the fourth quarter of 2020, with the formal grant occurring when the stock option agreements were executed in April 2021. At
that time, the fair value of our common stock was 0.09 per share. While the preferred stock is outstanding, holders have protection from
share issuance at a price below the original issue price OIP ). Accordingly, for stock options granted in April 2021,
the exercise price per option was set at an amount slightly above the anticipated OIP. Stock options granted in April 2021 comprise
the majority of stock options outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

We completed our biannual review
following the second quarter of 2021 as we entered into negotiations with Delwinds. At this time, stock options were issued with the same
exercise price as the April 2021 grant. This was determined to be a good faith estimate as a result of the uncertainty of the transaction,
prior values of common stock, and the historical investment of our preferred stockholder. As a result of a letter of intent (the Letter
of Intent to merge with Delwinds, we considered it prudent to have another valuation performed to record equity-based compensation
expense in the consolidated financial statements reflective of the updated circumstances surrounding our company. This valuation report
was received subsequent to the grant of the stock options but is reflected in the consolidated financial statements for this grant. 

This valuation report reflected
a change in methodology due to the letter of intent related to the Business Combination and development of our Company as a result of
the in-process August order to acquire MICOA. This valuation report used a probability weighting of the Market Approach and Income Approach.
The Market Approach reflected the offer from Delwinds based on the pre-money valuation of FOXO plus a Monte Carlo simulation to capture
the value from earn-out shares based on exceeding specified per share price targets after closing. The Income Approach utilized a discounted
cash flow analysis to provide an estimate of enterprise value based on the present value of anticipated future cash flows. As with prior
valuations, a Black-Scholes valuation model was used to value each equity class by creating a series of call options on our equity value,
with exercise prices based on the liquidation preferences and participation rights. The non-marketability discount in this valuation report
was 20 . 

Stock options were granted
in January and February of 2022 after the completion of our biannual review following the fourth quarter of 2021 based on the valuation
discussed above as the circumstances surrounding our common stock remained relatively stable during the timeframe from the valuation report
to the option grant. 

Application of these approaches
and methodologies involves the use of estimates, judgment and assumptions that are highly complex and subjective, such as those regarding
our expected operations, the selection of comparable public companies, and the probability of and timing associated with possible future
events. Changes in any or all of these estimates and assumptions or the relationships between those assumptions impact our valuations
as of each valuation date and may have a material impact on the valuation of our common stock. 

46 

Fair Value of Convertible Debentures 

We elected the fair value option
to account for the 2021 Bridge Debentures and 2022 Bridge Debentures. The fair value option provides an election that allows a company
to irrevocably elect to record certain financial assets and liabilities at fair value on an instrument-by-instrument basis at initial
recognition. We elected the fair value option to better depict the ultimate liability associated with the debentures, including all features
and embedded derivatives. The debentures accounted for under the fair value option election represent debt host financial instruments
containing certain embedded features that would otherwise be required to be bifurcated from the debt host and recognized as separate derivative
liabilities subject to initial and subsequent periodic fair value measurement in accordance with U.S. GAAP. When the fair value option
election is applied to financial liabilities, bifurcation of embedded derivatives is not required, and the financial liability in totality
is recorded at its issue-date estimated fair value and then subsequently remeasured at estimated fair value on a recurring basis as of
each balance sheet date thereafter. Upon remeasurement, the portion of a change in estimated fair value attributable to a change in instrument-specific
credit risk is recognized as a component of other comprehensive income (loss) and the remaining amount of a change in estimated fair value
is to be recognized in the consolidated statements of operations. 

During 2021, the fair value
of the 2021 Bridge Debentures was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation, which is commonly used to value convertible debt instruments,
and is intended to provide an estimated fair value that approximates the equity value that would be received upon conversion. The significant
assumptions used in those models were as follows: 

Likelihood of term extension: The Securities Purchase Agreements
gave us the right to extend the maturity date for each issuance of convertible debentures for an additional three-month period and incur
an extension amount rate of 110 of the outstanding balance. Increases in the likelihood of term extension as of a given reporting date
increase the potential principal amount and thus the estimated fair value of the convertible debentures derived from the Monte Carlo
simulation. Conversely, in the event that term extension is less likely as of a given reporting date, the principal is less likely to
be increased, meaning the estimated fair value is likely to stay nearer to the issuance-date fair value. 

Likelihood of conversion: The convertible debentures allowed
for both: (i) voluntary conversion of aggregate principal and accrued and unpaid interest to shares of Class A common stock at the option
of the holder at a price per share equal to nine and (ii) mandatory conversion of aggregate principal and accrued and unpaid interest
upon FOXO consummating an offering of common stock, including a special purpose acquisition company transaction, for an aggregate price
of at least 5,000 at a price per share equal to the lower of (a) 70 of the offering price per share or (b) nine. Given the terms of
the convertible debt, and depending upon the fair value of our equity as of a given reporting date, voluntary and mandatory conversion
features are often beneficial to holders and thus have the potential to materially increase the estimated fair value of the convertible
debentures. For mandatory conversion, increases in the fair value of our equity as of a given reporting date make conversion at nine
more likely, which is a favorable result to holders of the convertible debentures as compared to conversion at a price per share equal
to 70 of a qualified offering price and thus increases the estimated fair value. Conversely, and while still beneficial to holders,
conversion at a price per share equal to 70 of a qualified offering price increases the estimated fair value of the convertible debentures
to a lesser degree than conversion at nine. Voluntary conversion is considered in the Monte Carlo simulation and affects the estimated
fair value in scenarios in which a qualified offering event that would affect mandatory conversion does not take place. 

Other notable, but not significant, assumptions
utilized in the Monte Carlo simulations included, but were not limited to, implied borrowing and annualized volatility rates. 

As a result of the execution
of the Merger Agreement on February 24, 2022, the ultimate value to holders of the 2021 Bridge Debentures and 2022 Bridge Debentures upon
voluntary or mandatory conversion became clearer, and thus management determined that a Monte Carlo simulation was no longer appropriate
for purposes of estimating fair value. Thus, for the first and second quarters of 2022, the estimated fair value of the 2021 Bridge Debentures
and 2022 Bridge Debentures was calculated using a probability-weighted expected return model. The significant assumptions used in the
models were as follows: 

Timing of conversion: The probability-weighted expected return
model required management to estimate, based on known facts and circumstances at the time of valuation, the date on which conversion
of the debentures will take place. That estimate drives the discount factor utilized in the model, which impacts the derived fair value.
If the conversion date is set further in the future, a greater discount rate would be applied, driving down the fair value of the debt
in a conversion scenario. 

Likelihood of conversion: The 2021 Bridge Debentures contain
voluntary and mandatory conversion provisions, which are discussed at length above. As the fair value of our equity increases, both conversion
mechanisms represent an increasingly favorable result to holders and thus as the likelihood of conversion increases, so too does the
estimated fair value of our liability related to the 2021 Bridge Debentures. The 2022 Bridge Debentures allow for both: (i) voluntary
conversion of aggregate principal and unpaid interest thereon to shares of Class A common stock at any time after two hundred seventy
days following the original issue dates, at a conversion price equal to 5.00 per share, except that if there has been no mandatory conversion
within three hundred sixty days following the original issue date, the conversion price following such three hundred sixty-day period
would be equal to 4.00 per share; and (ii) mandatory conversion of aggregate principal and unpaid interest thereon upon consummation
of an offering of common stock, including a special purpose acquisition company transaction, for an aggregate price of at least 5,000,
at a conversion price equal to 75 of the offering price per share. In the conversion scenario, the probability-weighted expected return
model determines which conversion mechanism is most favorable to holders and assumes holders will choose the most favorable option in
estimating fair value. Depending upon the fair value of our equity as of a given reporting date, these conversion features are often
beneficial to holders and thus, increases in the likelihood of conversion increase the estimated fair value of our liability related
to the 2022 Bridge Debentures. 

47 

Other notable, but not significant,
assumptions used in the probability-weighted expected return model included, but were not limited to, implied borrowing rates. Upon close
of the business combination, the 2021 Bridge Debenture and 2022 Bridge Debentures were remeasured at fair value based on the actual conversion. 

Going Concern 

On a quarterly basis, we assess
going concern uncertainty for our consolidated financial statements to determine if we have sufficient cash and cash equivalents on hand
and working capital to operate for a period of at least one year from the date our consolidated financial statements are issued or are
available to be issued (the look-forward period ). Based on conditions that are known and reasonably knowable to us, we consider
various scenarios, forecasts, projections, and estimates, and we make certain key assumptions, including the timing and nature of projected
cash expenditures or programs, among other factors, and our ability to delay or curtail those expenditures or programs within the look-forward
period, if necessary. Until additional equity or debt capital is secured and the Company begins generating sufficient revenue, there is
substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

In December 2019, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2019-12, Income
Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes ASU 2019-12 ). ASU 2019-12 removed certain exceptions to
the general principles in ASC 740 and clarified and amended existing guidance to improve consistent application. This amended guidance
was effective for public entities for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2021. The Company adopted ASU 2019-12 effective
January 1, 2022 and it did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

In August 2020, the FASB
issued ASU No. 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts
in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815 -40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity ASU 2020-06 ), which simplifies the accounting for convertible instruments by reducing the number of accounting
models available for convertible debt instruments. ASU 2020-06 also eliminates the treasury stock method to calculate diluted earnings
per share for convertible instruments and requires the use of the if-converted method. This amended guidance is effective for public
and private companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, and December 15, 2023, respectively, and interim periods within
those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, but no earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, including interim
periods within those fiscal years. The Company adopted the amended guidance prospectively effective January 1, 2021. The impact is not
material to the Company s results of operations or financial position as the Company had no debt prior to the issuance of convertible
debentures in 2021. 

Factors That May Adversely
Affect our Results of Operations 

Our
results of operations may be adversely affected by various factors that could cause economic uncertainty and volatility in the financial
markets, many of which are beyond our control. Our business could be impacted by, among other things, downturns in the financial markets
or in economic conditions, increases in oil prices, inflation, increases in interest rates, supply chain disruptions, declines in consumer
confidence and spending, the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including resurgences and the emergence of new variants, and geopolitical
instability, such as the military conflict in the Ukraine. We cannot at this time fully predict the likelihood of one or more of the above
events, their duration or magnitude or the extent to which they may negatively impact our business. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

We are a smaller reporting
company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Reference is made to the consolidated financial
statements listed under the heading (a) (1) Consolidated Financial Statements and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
of Item 15, which consolidated financial statements are incorporated by reference in response to this Item 8. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

48 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures
that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and
that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
or persons performing similar functions, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In accordance with Rules 13a-15(b)
under the Exchange Act, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31,
2022. 

Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that during the period covered by this Report, our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective at a reasonable assurance level and, accordingly, provided reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed
by us in reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the
SEC s rules and forms. 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company s principal executive and
principal financial officers and effected by the Company s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts
and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial
statements. 

Under the supervision and with the participation of our management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework). Based on our evaluation, our management concluded that our internal
control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022,
we completed the Business Combination with Delwinds, and the internal controls of Legacy FOXO became our internal controls. We are engaged
in the process of the design and implementation of our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
under the Exchange Act) in a manner commensurate with the scale of our operations subsequent to the Business Combination. 

During the most recently completed fiscal quarter,
there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
Inspections 

Not Applicable. 

49 

Part III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The
following table sets forth the name, age and position of each of the current directors and executive officers of the Company: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Executive Officers 

Tyler Danielson 
 
 37 
 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technology Officer 
 
 Robert Potashnick 
 
 43 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Brian Chen, PhD 
 
 44 
 
 Chief Science Officer 
 
 Michael Will 
 
 42 
 
 General Counsel 
 
 Taylor Fay 
 
 39 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Non-Employee Directors 

Andrew J. Poole(1)(2)(3) 
 
 42 
 
 Class III Director 
 
 Bret Barnes(1)(2)(3) 
 
 41 
 
 Chairman and Class I Director 
 
 Murdoc Khaleghi 
 
 42 
 
 Class II Director 

(1) Member of nominating and corporate
governance committee. 

(2) Member of compensation committee. 

(3) Member of audit committee. 

The principal occupations and positions for at least the past five
years of our directors are described below. There are no family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers. 

Executive Officers 

Tyler
Danielson Interim Chief Executive Officer and Chief Technology Officer 

Mr. Danielson
has served as the Interim Chief Executive Officer since November 2022 and the Chief Technology Officer of FOXO since 2020. From 2019 to
2020, Mr. Danielson served as Platform Product Owner of Cargill, a Global Food Distributor. Before that, from 2015 to 2019, Mr. Danielson
served as User Interface Software Architect at brightpeak financial, a division of Thrivent Financial. Mr. Danielson holds a Master s
Degree in Computer Science from the University of Minnesota. 

Robert
Potashnick Chief Financial Officer 

Mr. Potashnick
has served as the Chief Financial Officer of FOXO since the beginning of 2021. From 2017 to 2020, Mr. Potashnick served in capital
planning and business development finance roles at UnitedHealth Group (NYSE American: UNH). Before that, from 2010 to 2017, Mr. Potashnick
worked as a certified public accountant at PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. Other prior work experiences include working in mergers and acquisitions
at Blaige Company and as a trader at Great Point Trading. Mr. Potashnick holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics from
Northwestern University, a Master s Degree in Accountancy from the University of Illinois, and a MBA (Finance/Strategy) from DePaul
University. 

Brian
Chen, PhD Chief Science Officer 

Mr. Chen
has served as the Chief Science Officer of FOXO since 2019. Prior to that time, from 2017 to 2019, Mr. Chen served as Vice President
of Research and Analytics at Actua Life Annuity, Ltd., an insurtech startup that later became FOXO Labs, Inc. Mr. Chen holds
a Ph.D. degree from University of California, Los Angeles and a Master s Degree in Public Health from the University of California,
Berkeley. 

Michael
Will General Counsel 

Mr. Will
has served as the General Counsel of FOXO since 2019. From 2016 to 2019, Mr. Will served as Legal and Compliance Officer, and then
Senior Counsel, of brightpeak financial, a division of Thrivent Financial. Mr. Will also supported Thrivent s life insurance
manufacturing and distribution teams on products including universal life, variable universal life, and whole life plus. Prior to brightpeak/Thrivent,
Mr. Will spent ten years in private practice representing property casualty insurance carriers on a variety of first and third-party coverage
matters. Mr. Will holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from Gustavus Adolphus College, and a Juris Doctor degree from the University
of St. Thomas School of Law. Mr. Will is licensed to practice law before the state and federal courts of the State of Minnesota. 

50 

Taylor
Fay Chief Operating Officer 

Mr. Fay
has served as the Chief Operating Officer since February 2023. From June 2018 until January
2022, Mr. Fay served as the Company s Senior Product Manager and Director of Products. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Fay served
as Product Manager at Explore Information Services from September 2016 to June 2018, where he managed a portfolio of insurance underwriting
data products. In addition, Mr. Fay served as Product Owner at Hubio/Identifix from June 2013 to July 2016. Mr. Fay holds a Bachelor s
Degree in Geography and a Master s Degree in Business Administration from the University of Minnesota. 

Non-Employee Directors 

Andrew
J. Poole Director 

Mr. Poole
has served as a director of FOXO since September 2022. He previously served as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Delwinds from its
inception until the Closing of the Business Combination and has over 18 years of diversified investment experience. Mr. Poole was
the Chief Investment Officer of Tiberius, a blank check company which went public in March 2018 with 174.225 million held in trust
and which consummated its initial business combination with International General Insurance Holdings Ltd. (Nasdaq: IGIC), or IGI, 
an international specialty insurance and reinsurance group registered in Bermuda, in March 2020 under very challenging market conditions.
Upon the closing of Tiberius business combination, Mr. Poole joined the board of IGI. Concurrently, since October 2015 he
has been and remains an investment consultant at The Gray Insurance Company. Mr. Poole s most recent role prior to joining
Tiberius and The Gray Insurance Company was as Partner and Portfolio Manager at Scoria Capital Partners, LP, a long/short equity hedge
fund, where he managed a portion of the firm s capital including insurance sector investments from 2013 to 2015. Prior to Scoria,
Mr. Poole held various positions at Diamondback Capital Management from 2005 to 2012 (including Portfolio Manager from 2011 onwards)
and SAC Capital from 2004 to 2005, both of which are multi-strategy multi-manager cross capital structure long/short hedge funds.
Earlier, Mr. Poole started his career at Swiss Re (SIX: SREN) working in facultative property placements in 2003 and was on the board
of Family Security, a personal lines insurance company, from 2013 to 2015 prior to the sale of the company to United Insurance Holdings
Corporation (Nasdaq: UIHC). Mr. Poole is a graduate of The George Washington University. We believe Mr. Poole is qualified to
serve on the board due to his background in investment management of insurance investments, his extensive public company insurance valuation
expertise and deep knowledge of, and connections in, the insurance industry. 

Murdoc
Khaleghi, M.D. Director 

Dr.
Khaleghi is a physician with 20 years of experience, and also a researcher and author. He has served as a member of the FOXO Board since
July of 2021. He currently serves as the Chief Medical Officer of Helium, a role he has held since 2020. From 2012 until 2022, Dr. Khaleghi
served as the Chief Medical Officer of WellnessFX. He also served as the Chief Medical Officer of Neurotrack from 2020 until 2022. Dr.
Khaleghi also serves as Chief Medical Officer, or on the board of directors of a number of private medical device and technology companies.
From 2015 to 2017, he was the Chief Medical Officer of EverlyWell, where he was the first employee hired. Dr. Khaleghi attended
the University of California San Diego and holds a degree in Bioengineering as well as a Doctor of Medicine. Dr. Khaleghi also has an
MBA from the University of California, Berkeley, an MBA from Columbia Business School and a Master Computer Science degree from University
of Pennsylvania. Dr. Khaleghi holds a medical license from the Colorado Medical Board and the Medical Board of California. We believe
that Dr. Khaleghi s financial and industry experience qualify him to serve on our board of directors. 

Bret
Barnes Director 

Mr. Barnes
has served as a member of the FOXO Board since November 2021 and became Chairman in November 2022. Since April 2007, Mr. Barnes has
served as a Staff Bioinformatics Scientist for Illumina, Inc. (NASDAQ: ILMN). Mr. Barnes has developed a number of patents and products,
including methods to examine methylation of genomic DNA and methods for diagnosing respiratory pathogens and predicting COVID-19 related
outcomes. Mr. Barnes has been the core bioinformatics lead on all Infinium Methylation products, including all original and new novel
design capabilities. In addition to his array development efforts, Mr. Barnes has been instrumental in developing structural variant
detection algorithms via DNA sequencing at Illumina, Inc. Prior to that position, Mr. Barnes served as a Bioinformatics Software
Engineer from 2005 to 2007 at Science Applications International Corporation (NYSE American: SAIC). Mr. Barnes holds a Bachelor of
Science degree in Bioinformatics from the University of California, Santa Cruz. Mr. Barnes was among the first graduates at University
of California, Santa Cruz to receive a degree in bioinformatics. We believe that Mr. Barnes industry experience qualifies
him to serve on our board of directors. 

51 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships
among any of our directors or executive officers. 

Board of Directors 

The
Board is divided into three classes, as nearly equal in number as possible and designated Class I, Class II and Class III. The term of
the initial Class I directors will expire at the first annual meeting of the stockholders following the consummation of the Business Combination,
the term of the initial Class II directors will expire at the second annual meeting of the stockholders following the consummation of
the Business Combination and the term of the initial Class III directors will expire on the third annual meeting of the stockholders following
the consummation of the Business Combination. 

All
directors elected at annual meetings of stockholders following the consummation of the Business Combination will be elected for terms
expiring at the next annual meeting of stockholders or until the election and qualification of their respective successors in office,
subject to their earlier death, resignation, removal or the earlier termination of his or her term of office, subject to the expiration
of their initial expiration of their terms as Class I, Class II or Class III directors, as applicable. Our Charter and Bylaws provide
that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of the Board. Subject to the terms of any preferred stock, any
or all of the directors may be removed from office at any time, with or without cause, and only by the affirmative vote of the holders
of at least a majority of the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of voting stock of the Combined Company entitled to vote
at an election of directors. Any vacancy on the Board, including a vacancy resulting from an enlargement of the Board, may be filled only
by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Company s directors then in office. 

When
considering whether directors and director nominees have the experience, qualifications, attributes and skills, taken as a whole, to enable
the Board to satisfy its oversight responsibilities effectively in light of its business and structure, the Board expects to focus primarily
on each person s background and experience as reflected in the information discussed in each of the directors individual
biographies set forth above in order to provide an appropriate mix of experience and skills relevant to the size and nature of its business. 

Director Independence 

As
a result of the Company s Class A Common Stock being listed on the NYSE American following the consummation of the Business Combination,
it is required to comply with the applicable rules of such exchange in determining whether a director is independent. Prior to the completion
of the Business Combination, the Board undertook a review of the independence of the individuals named above and have determined that
each of Dr. Khaleghi, Mr. Barnes and Mr. Poole qualifies as independent as defined under the applicable NYSE American
rules, and the Board consists of a majority of independent directors, as defined under the rules of the SEC and NYSE American
relating to director independence requirements. In addition, the Company is subject to the rules of the SEC and NYSE American relating
to the membership, qualifications and operations of the audit committee, as discussed below. 

Involvement in Certain
Legal Proceedings 

There
have been no events under any bankruptcy act, no criminal proceedings and no judgments, injunctions, orders or decrees material to the
evaluation of the ability and integrity of any director, executive officer, promoter or control person of the Company during the past
ten years. 

Board Committees 

The
Board directs the management of its business and affairs, as provided by Delaware law, and will conduct its business through meetings
of the Board and standing committees. The Company has a standing audit committee, compensation committee and nominating and corporate
governance committee, each of which operates under a written charter. 

In
addition, from time to time, special committees may be established under the direction of the Board when the Board deems it necessary
or advisable to address specific issues. Current copies of the Company s committee charters are posted on its website, www.foxotechnologies.com ,
as required by applicable SEC and the NYSE American rules. The information on or available through any of such website is not deemed incorporated
in this Report and does not form part of this Report. 

52 

Audit Committee 

The
Company s audit committee consists of Bret Barnes and Andrew Poole. The Board has determined that each of these individuals meets
the independence requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, Rule 10A-3 under
the Exchange Act and the applicable listing standards of the NYSE American. Each member of the Company s audit committee meets
the requirements for financial literacy under the applicable NYSE American rules. In arriving at this determination, the board has examined
each audit committee member s scope of experience and the nature of their prior and/or current employment. 

The
Board has determined that Mr. Poole qualifies as an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of SEC regulations and meets the
financial sophistication requirements of the NYSE American rules. In making this determination, the Board has considered Mr. Poole s
formal education and previous and current experience in financial and accounting roles. Both the Company s independent registered
public accounting firm and management periodically will meet privately with the Company s audit committee. 

The
audit committee s responsibilities include, among other things: 

appointing, compensating, retaining,
evaluating, terminating and overseeing the Company s independent registered public accounting firm; 

discussing with the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm their independence from management; 

reviewing with the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm the scope and results of their audit; 

pre-approving all audit
and permissible non-audit services to be performed by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm; 

overseeing the financial reporting
process and discussing with management and Company s independent registered public accounting firm the interim and annual financial
statements that the Company files with the SEC; 

reviewing and monitoring the
Company s accounting principles, accounting policies, financial and accounting controls and compliance with legal and regulatory
requirements; and 

establishing procedures for
the confidential anonymous submission of concerns regarding questionable accounting, internal controls or auditing matters. 

The
composition and function of the audit committee complies with applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, SEC rules and regulations
and NYSE American listing rules. The Company will comply with future requirements to the extent they become applicable to the Company. 

Compensation Committee 

The
Company s compensation committee consists of Bret Barnes and Andrew Poole. Bret Barnes and Andrew Poole are non-employee directors,
as defined in Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act. The Board has determined that Bret Barnes and Andrew Poole
are independent as defined under the applicable NYSE American listing standards, including the standards specific to members
of a compensation committee. 

The
compensation committee s responsibilities include, among other things: 

reviewing and approving corporate
goals and objectives relevant to the compensation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer, evaluating the performance of the Company s
Chief Executive Officer in light of these goals and objectives and setting or making recommendations to the Board regarding the compensation
of the Company s Chief Executive Officer; 

reviewing and setting or making
recommendations to the Board regarding the compensation of the Company s other executive officers; 

making recommendations to the
Board regarding the compensation of the Company s directors; 

reviewing and approving or making
recommendations to the Board regarding the Company s incentive compensation and equity-based plans and arrangements; and 

appointing and overseeing any
compensation consultants. 

53 

The
composition and function of its compensation committee complies with all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, SEC rules
and regulations and the NYSE American listing rules. The Company will comply with future requirements to the extent they become applicable
to the Company. 

Nominating and
Corporate Governance Committee 

The
Company s nominating and corporate governance committee consists of Bret Barnes and Andrew Poole. The Board has determined that
each of Bret Barnes and Andrew Poole is independent as defined under the applicable listing standards of the NYSE American
and SEC rules and regulations. 

The
nominating and corporate governance committee s responsibilities include, among other things: 

identifying individuals qualified
to become members of the Board, consistent with criteria approved by the Board; 

recommending to the Board the
nominees for election to the Board at annual meetings of the Company s stockholders; 

overseeing an evaluation of
the Board and its committees; and; 

developing and recommending
to the Board a set of corporate governance guidelines. 

The
composition and function of the nominating and corporate governance committee complies with all applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act,
SEC rules and regulations and NYSE American listing rules. The Company will comply with future requirements to the extent they become
applicable to the Company. 

Compensation Committee
Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None
of the intended members of the Company s compensation committee has ever been an executive officer or employee of the Company. None
of the Company s executive officers currently serve, or have served during the last completed fiscal year, on the compensation committee
or Board of any other entity that has one or more executive officers that will serve as a member of the Board or compensation committee. 

Role of the Board
in Risk Oversight/Risk Committee 

One
of the key functions of the Board is informed oversight of the Company s risk management process. The Board does not anticipate
having a standing risk management committee, but rather anticipates administering this oversight function directly through the Board as
a whole, as well as through various standing committees of the Board that address risks inherent in their respective areas of oversight.
For example, the Company audit committee will be responsible for overseeing the management of risks associated with the Company s
financial reporting, accounting, and auditing matters; the Company s compensation committee will oversee the management of risks
associated with our compensation policies and programs. 

Board Oversight of
Cybersecurity Risks 

The
Company will face a number of risks, including cybersecurity risks and those other risks described under the section titled "Risk
Factors included in this Report. The Board will play an active role in monitoring cybersecurity risks and will be committed
to the prevention, timely detection, and mitigation of the effects of any such incidents on the Company s operations. In addition
to regular reports from each of the Board s committees, the Board will receive regular reports from management, including its chief
technology officer and chief security officer, on material cybersecurity risks and the degree of the Company s exposure to those
risks. While the Board will oversee its cybersecurity risk management, management will be responsible for day-to-day risk management
processes. Management will work with third party service providers to maintain appropriate controls. We believe this division of responsibilities
is the most effective approach for addressing the Company s cybersecurity risks and that the Board leadership structure supports
this approach. 

54 

Limitation on Liability
and Indemnification of Directors and Officers 

The
Charter contains provisions that limit the liability of the Company s directors for damages to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware
law. Consequently, the Company s directors will not be personally liable to the Company or its stockholders for damages as a result
of an act or failure to act in his or her capacity as a director, unless: 

the presumption that directors
are acting in good faith, on an informed basis, and with a view to the interests of the corporation has been rebutted; and 

it is proven that the director s
act or failure to act constituted a breach of his or her fiduciary duties as a director and such breach involved intentional misconduct,
fraud or a knowing violation of law. 

The
Charter requires the Company to indemnify and advance expenses to, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, its directors, officers
and agents. The Company maintains a directors and officers insurance policy pursuant to which the Company s directors
and officers are insured against liability for actions taken in their capacities as directors and officers. Finally, the Charter prohibits
any retroactive changes to the rights or protections or increasing the liability of any director in effect at the time of the alleged
occurrence of any act or omission to act giving rise to liability or indemnification. 

In
addition, the Company has and will enter into separate indemnification agreements with the Company s directors and officers. These
agreements, among other things, require the Company to indemnify its directors and officers for certain expenses, including attorneys 
fees, judgments, fines and settlement amounts incurred by a director or officer in any action or proceeding arising out of their services
as one of the Company s directors or officers or any other company or enterprise to which the person provides services at the Company s
request. 

We
believe these provisions in the Charter are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors and officers for the Company
following the completion of the Business Combination. 

Corporate Governance
Guidelines and Code of Business Conduct 

The
Board adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines that addresses items such as the qualifications and responsibilities of its directors and
director candidates and corporate governance policies and standards applicable. In addition, the Board adopted a Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics that applies to all of its employees, officers and directors, including its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer
and other executive and senior financial officers. 

The
full text of the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines and its Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is posted on the Corporate
Governance portion of the Company s website at www.foxotechnologies.com . Information contained on or accessible through
the Company s website is not a part of this Report, and the inclusion of the Company s website address in this Report is an
inactive textual reference only. The Company intends to make any legally required disclosures regarding amendments to, or waivers of,
provisions of its code of ethics on its website rather than by filing a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Insider Trading Policies
and Procedures 

The
Company has adopted an insider trading policy on September 15, 2022 (as amended, the Insider Trading Policy ), overseen
by the Company s Chief Financial Officer and General Counsel, that applies to all (i) directors, (ii) executive officers (iii) employees
and their family members and affiliates and (iv) certain contractors or consultants who have or may have access to material non-public
information (together, the Covered Persons ). 

The
Insider Trading Policy prohibits the use of material non-public information obtained by Covered Persons through their involvement with
the Company when making decisions to purchase, sell, and give away or otherwise trade in the Company s securities or to provide
such information to others outside the organization. Under the Insider Trading Policy, material non-public information includes, among
other things, earnings information, mergers, acquisitions, tender offers, joint ventures, change in assets, new products or discoveries,
material regulatory events, events regarding the Company s securities, significant changes in the Company s prospects, planned
public or private offerings or any other information that may be deemed material to the Company. 

Further,
we have established black-out periods to which all Covered Persons are subject, including quarterly black-out periods, which commences
on the sixteenth day of the third month of the fiscal quarter for which earnings are to be released and ending at the close of market
on the second full business day following the date of public disclosure of the financial results for that fiscal quarter. The Company
may also impose black-out periods from time to time as other types of material non-public information occur when material non-public events
or disclosures are pending. If the Company imposes a special black-out period. Covered Persons are permitted to trade in the Company s
securities only when there is no black-out period in effect and such trade has been pre-cleared by the Company s corporate secretary,
or when a qualified 10b5-1 plan has been established in accordance with federal securities laws. 

Our Insider Trading Policy
also prohibits all employees and directors from engaging in any short sales of our securities, hedging transactions, publicly-traded options
such as puts or calls, hold our securities in a margin account, or pledge our securities as collateral for a loan. 

55 

Delinquent Section
16(a) Reports 

Pursuant
to Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company s directors, officers and persons who beneficially own 10 
or more of the Class A Common Stock are required to file reports specifying their initial ownership of Class A Common Stock and subsequent
changes in that ownership to the SEC. These reports are required to be filed within specified time periods established by the SEC. Based
solely on our review of reports filed with the SEC, we believe that no director, officer, or 10 shareholder failed to timely file in
fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 any report required by Section 16(a), other than the following transactions: 

(i) Form 4 filing by Andrew J. Poole,
a member of the Board, with respect to one transaction dated September 15, 2022 pertaining to certain distributions related to the Business
Combination. Such late Form 4 was filed on September 22, 2022; and 

(ii) Form 4 filing by DIAC Sponsor
LLC, purchaser representative of Delwinds stockholders from and after the consummation of the Business Combination, pertaining
to certain distributions related to the Business Combination. Such late Form 4 was filed on September 22, 2022. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

Unless
the context otherwise requires, any reference in this section of this Report to FOXO, we, us, 
or our refers to FOXO and its consolidated subsidiaries after the consummation of the Business Combination and to the Company
and its subsidiaries after the Business Combination. 

FOXO
is an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, and thus the following disclosures are intended to comply with
the scaled disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies and smaller reporting companies, as such term
is defined in the rules promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act, which require compensation disclosure for our principal executive
officer and the two most highly compensated executive officers other than our principal executive officer, whom we refer to as our named
executive officers. 

This
section discusses the material components of the executive compensation program offered to our named executive officers. Our named executive
officers for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

Tyler
Danielson, our Chief Technology Officer and Interim Chief Executive Officer; 

Brian
Chen, PhD, our Chief Science Officer; 

Robert
Potashnick, our Chief Financial Officer; 

Jon Sabes, our former Chief
Executive Officer and Chairman; and 

Steven Sabes, our former Chief
Operating Officer. 

This
discussion may contain forward-looking statements that are based on our current plans, considerations, expectations and determinations
regarding future compensation programs. Actual compensation programs that FOXO adopts could vary materially from our historical practices
and currently planned programs summarized in this discussion. 

We
will continue to update, in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC, information in this section regarding the compensation
of our named executive officers. 

56 

Executive Compensation
Overview 

Compensation Philosophy 

FOXO
has designed its compensation and benefits program to attract, retain, incentivize and reward talented and qualified executives who share
our philosophy and desire to achieve our enterprise goals. We believe our compensation program should promote the success of FOXO and
align executive incentives with the long-term interest of its stockholders. Our current compensation programs reflect its startup
origins in that they consist primarily of base salaries and short-term incentive compensation, as well as the grant of options to
purchase stock. As we transition from a private company to a publicly traded company, we intend to evaluate our compensation values and
philosophy and compensation plans and arrangements as circumstances require. 

Compensation Elements 

The
compensation for our named executive officers consists of the following: 

Compensation Element 
 
 Purpose 
 
 Base Salary 
 
 To provide stable and competitive income. 

Equity-Based Compensation 
 
 To encourage executives to maximize long-term stockholder value (provided in the form of stock option awards). 

Short-Term Incentive Compensation 
 
 To motivate and reward short-term behaviors, actions and results that drive long-term value creation. 

To
accomplish both its short-term and long-term objectives, the compensation program emphasizes pay-for-performance, with two
variable components. Base salary is intended to provide a fixed component of compensation commensurate with the executive s
skill set, experience, role and responsibilities, and is compared against those in similar positions at similar companies. Variable
components include short-term incentive compensation and long-term equity-based incentives, which are used to align
each component of incentive compensation with our short and long-term business objectives. Discretionary biannual incentive
bonuses, paid in the form of stock option awards, are worth, at maximum, 10 of each named executive officer s annual base
salary per review cycle, for an annual total value of up to 20 of each named executive officer s base salary. 

Summary Compensation
Table 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the total compensation awarded to and earned by our named executive officers for services
 rendered in all capacities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Option 
 Stock 

Salary 
 Bonus 
 Awards 
 Awards 
 Total 
 
 Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 ) 
 ) (1) 
 ) (2) 
 )(2) (3) 
 ) 
 
 Tyler Danielson 
 2022 
 205,000 
 
 22 
 5,935,600 
 6,140,622 
 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 195,000 
 500 
 40,845 
 682 
 237,027 

Brian Chen, PhD 
 2022 
 236,000 
 
 22 
 5,935,600 
 6,171,622 
 
 Chief Science Officer 
 2021 
 236,000 
 500 
 49,903 
 
 286,403 

Robert Potashnick 
 2022 
 205,000 
 
 22 
 3,983,100 
 4,188,122 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 
 180,000 
 500 
 39,148 
 
 219,648 

Jon Sabes 
 2022 
 480,000 
 
 22 
 27,389,670 
 27,869,692 
 
 Former Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 480,000 
 500 
 1,184 
 
 481,684 

Steve Sabes 
 2022 
 200,000 
 
 22 
 3,983,100 
 4,183,122 
 
 Former Chief Operating Officer 
 2021 
 200,000 
 500 
 43,031 
 
 243,531 

(1) 2021 amounts reflect the payment
of a holiday bonus earned and paid in the year ended December 31, 2021. 

(2) 
 Amounts reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of stock option awards and restricted stock granted under FOXO s 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2020 Plan to our named executive officers during the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation . See Note 11 of the audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report for a discussion of the relevant assumptions used in calculating this amount for the year ended December 31, 2021. These amounts do not reflect the actual economic value that may be realized by the named executive officer. 

57 

(3) 
 2022 amounts reflect the aggregate fair value of restricted stock as part of FOXO s Management Contingent Share Plan to our named executive officers during the year ended December 31, 2022, computed in accordance with FASB ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation. See Note 8 of the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report for a discussion of the relevant assumptions used in calculating this amount. These amounts do not reflect the actual economic value that may be realized by the named executive officer. 

Narrative Disclosure
to the Summary Compensation Table 

Equity-Based Compensation 

Legacy
FOXO previously utilized its 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, or the 2020 Plan, to enable it and its affiliates to attract and retain qualified
employees (including officers), consultants and directors to contribute to its long range success, provide incentives that aligned their
interests with those of Legacy FOXO stockholders, and promote the success of its business. The Legacy FOXO board of directors adopted,
and the Legacy FOXO stockholders approved, the 2020 Plan in 2020. The 2020 Plan governs and previously facilitated the grant of incentive
awards, including incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted awards, performance
share awards, cash awards and other equity-based awards. 

Prior
to the closing of the Business Combination, our named executive officers received equity-based compensation in the form of stock
option awards under the 2020 Plan, as described below. Under the 2020 Plan, stock option awards generally vest monthly over a three-year period
and have a term of five years. Prior to the adoption of the 2020 Plan and the Corporate Conversion, equity-based compensation
was provided in the form of profits interests agreements, as described previously. 

Following
the approval of the 2022 Plan, the 2020 Plan was terminated and no further awards will be granted under the 2020 Plan. 

The
following describes certain material terms of the 2020 Plan. 

Grants,
Generally. The 2020 Plan provided both for the direct award or sale of shares and for the grant of incentive stock options ISOs and non-qualified stock options NSOs ). ISOs may have been granted only to Legacy FOXO employees. All other
awards may have been granted to employees, consultants and directors of Legacy FOXO. 

The
maximum number of shares of Legacy FOXO common stock that may have been issued over the term of the 2020 Plan was 7,000,000 shares
on a pre-Business Combination basis, or approximately 4,065,861 on a post Business Combination basis. As of December 31, 2022, stock options
to purchase 2,765,099 shares of FOXO Class A Common Stock on a post-Business Combination basis with a weighted-average exercise
price of 7.02 per share were outstanding under the 2020 Plan. Additionally, 30,000 shares on a pre-Business Combination basis or
17,425 on a post-Business Combination basis of restricted stock were granted pursuant to the 2020 Plan to an employee who is not a named
executive officer. There were no outstanding awards under the 2020 Plan other than these options and restricted stock. 

Administration. The
Legacy FOXO board, or a committee delegated by the Legacy FOXO board, administered the 2020 Plan. Our Board has assumed such role following
the Business Combination. During the term and subject to the terms of the 2020 Plan, the administrator had the power to, among other things,
construe and interpret the 2020 Plan and apply its provisions, determined when awards were to be granted under the 2020 Plan and the applicable
grant date, prescribed the terms and conditions of each award, including, without limitation, the exercise price and medium of payment
and vesting provisions, and specified the provisions of the award agreement relating to such grant, made decisions with respect to outstanding
awards that may have become necessary upon a change in corporate control or an event that triggers anti-dilution adjustments, and
exercised discretion to make any and all other determinations which it determined to be necessary or advisable for the administration
of the 2020 Plan. 

Options. Each
of the named executive officers was granted a mix of ISOs and NSOs. See the Outstanding Equity Awards table below
for further information about our named executive officers outstanding options as of December 31, 2021. 

Under
the terms of the 2020 Plan, no stock option is exercisable after the expiration of five years from the grant date. 

The
exercise price per share of options granted under the 2020 Plan must be at least 100 of the fair market value per share of Legacy FOXO
common stock on the grant date, subject to certain exceptions. Subject to the provisions of the 2020 Plan, the administrator determined
the other terms of options, including any vesting and exercisability requirements, the method of payment of the option exercise price,
the option expiration date, and the period following termination of service during which options may remain exercisable. 

58 

Adjustments
upon Changes in Stock. In the event of changes in the outstanding Legacy FOXO common stock (now, our shares of Class A Common
Stock) or in the capital structure of Legacy FOXO by reason of any stock or extraordinary cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split,
an extraordinary corporate transaction such as any recapitalization, reorganization, merger, consolidation, combination, exchange, or
other relevant change in capitalization occurring after the grant date of any award, awards granted under the 2020 Plan and any award
agreements, the exercise price of options, the maximum number of shares of Legacy FOXO common stock subject to all awards set forth above
would be equitably adjusted or substituted, as to the number, price or kind of a share of Legacy FOXO common stock or other consideration
subject to such awards to the extent necessary to preserve the economic intent of such award. 

Effect
of Change in Control. Unless otherwise provided in an award agreement, (a) in the event of a participant s termination
of continuous service without cause or for good reason (as defined in the 2020 Plan) during the 12-month period following a change
in control, all outstanding options will become fully vested and immediately exercisable. 

Short-Term Incentive
Compensation 

As
outlined in our compensation policy, our named executive officers are eligible to earn discretionary biannual incentive bonuses. These
discretionary incentive bonuses are worth, at maximum, 10 of each named executive officer s annual base salary per review cycle,
for an annual total value of up to 20 of each named executive officer s base salary. Review cycles occur biannually, following
the second and fourth quarter of each year, and discretionary incentive bonuses are paid at the conclusion of these review cycles. Discretionary
biannual incentive bonuses awarded to named executive officers are paid in the form of stock option awards. As such, these amounts, as
applicable to each year presented, are included in the option awards column of the summary compensation table above. 

Agreements with
Named Executive Officers 

Agreement
with Tyler Danielson 

We
entered into an offer letter with Tyler Danielson on September 3, 2020, pursuant to which Mr. Danielson agreed to serve as our Chief Technology
Officer and receive an annual base salary of 195,000. Mr. Danielson s employment will continue until such time either the Company
or Mr. Danielson terminates employment. Mr. Danielson was granted 17,425 shares of restricted stock on a post-business combination basis
as replacement for a signing bonus that was initially intended to be in the form of a Sprinter Van. 

Mr.
Danielson is also eligible to participate in a discretionary incentive compensation plan and receive annual incentive compensation in
the form of cash and stock options based on individual performance and the Company s achievement of certain milestones, with a payment
expected to equate to up to 20 of annual base salary. Incentive compensation will be at the discretion of the Company. 

Mr. Danielson
is also eligible for standard benefit plans made available to management-level employees. 

The
Company has yet to enter into a new employment agreement with Mr. Danielson to reflect his role as our Interim Chief Executive Officer. 

Agreement
with Robert Potashnick 

We
entered into an employment agreement with Robert Potashnick on December 29, 2020, pursuant to which Mr. Potashnick agreed to serve as
our Chief Financial Officer and receive an annual base salary of 180,000. Mr. Potashnick s employment will continue until such
time either the Company or Mr. Potashnick terminates the employment agreement. 

Mr.
Potashnick is eligible to participate in a discretionary incentive compensation plan and receive annual incentive compensation in the
form of cash and stock options based on individual performance and the Company s achievement of certain milestones, with a payment
expected to equate to up to 20 of annual base salary. No later than thirty days of the commencement date of the employment agreement,
the Company compensated Mr. Potashnick with (i) a cash compensation signing bonus of 30,000; and (ii) an initial grant of 78,413
incentive stock options on a post Business Combination basis. Additionally, in the absence of an executive incentive compensation plan
by the compensation committee of the Board , Mr. Potashnick is eligible for an additional
annual bonus of up to 20 of his salary. 

The
employment agreement provides that Mr. Potashnick is also eligible for standard benefit plans made available to management-level employees. 

The
Company has the right immediately to terminate Mr. Potashnick s employment for cause (as defined in his employment agreement) during
the employment period upon notice to Mr. Potashnick. 

59 

In
the event of a termination of Mr. Potashnick s employment, the Company shall pay Mr. Potashnick: (i) any unpaid base salary on the
Company s regular payday, prorated to the effective date of termination; and (ii) the dollar value of all accrued and unused vacation
benefits based upon Mr. Potashnick s base salary. The Company shall also reimburse Mr. Potashnick in accordance with and subject
to the requirements of the Company s expense reimbursement practices for any reasonable and necessary business expenses incurred
by Mr. Potashnick s on behalf of the Company on or before the date on which his employment terminates, and reported and properly
documented on expense reports. 

The
Company has the right to terminate Mr. Potashnick s employment without cause during the employment period upon notice to Mr. Potashnick.
In the event of a termination without cause (as defined in his employment agreement), the Company will pay Mr. Potashnick severance compensation
in an amount equal to an amount of one half of Mr. Potashnick s base salary in effect on the date on which Mr. Potashnick s
employment is terminated, payable in a lump sum within thirty (30) days after the date of the termination. If Mr. Potashnick is eligible
for and elects to continue group health coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 COBRA ),
he will be allowed to do so. The Company will also pay Mr. Potashnick a bonus under the Company s equity incentive plan prorated
based upon the number of days for which Mr. Potashnick was employed during the period for which such payments are made (e.g., quarter),
and any options or other equity incentives which have been granted to Mr. Potashnick shall fully vest on the date of termination. 

The
CFO employment agreement includes provisions governing Company confidential information, assignment of employee inventions,
non-solicitation of employees for 12 months following employment termination, non-competition for one year following any
employment termination for cause or without good reason (as defined in the employment agreement), and indemnification rights. 

Agreement
with Brian Chen 

Our
predecessor, GWG Holdings, Inc. entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Brian Chen, its Chief Science Officer, as of August 20,
2017, for a five-year initial term that automatically renews for additional one-year terms thereafter. For the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the annual base salary for Mr. Brian Chen was 236,000. By letter agreement, dated October 17,
2019, the CSO employment agreement was amended and provided that Mr. Brian Chen will be eligible to participate in a discretionary
incentive compensation plan and receive annual incentive compensation in the form of cash and stock options based on individual performance
and the company s achievement of certain milestones, with a payment expected to equate to up to 20 of annual base salary. The CSO
employment agreement provides that Mr. Brian Chen is eligible for standard benefit plans made available to management-level employees.
If the CSO s employment ends on account of death or disability, the Company will pay his estate continued salary for one month and
continue welfare benefits including paying all premiums for coverage of the CSO s dependent family members. 

The
CSO employment agreement includes provisions governing Company confidential information, assignment of employee inventions, non-solicitation of
employees for 12 months following employment termination, non-competition for one year following any employment termination
for cause or without good reason (as defined in the CSO employment agreement), and indemnification rights. 

Agreement
with Taylor Fay, our Chief Operating Officer 

Our predecessor, GWG Holdings,
Inc., previously entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Fay, effective as of June 18, 2018. On October 17, 2019, by letter
agreement, Mr. Fay s employment agreement was amended to increase his salary to 130,500 per annum, and also to provide that Mr.
Fay would be eligible to participate in a discretionary incentive compensation plan and receive annual incentive compensation in the form
of cash and stock options based on individual performance and the company s achievement of certain milestones, with a payment expected
to equate to up to 20 of his annual base salary. Mr. Fay s employment agreement also provides that he is eligible for standard
benefit plans made available to management-level employees. If Mr. Fay s employment ends on account of death or disability,
the Company will pay his estate continued salary for one month and continue welfare benefits, including paying all premiums for coverage
of his dependent family members. Mr. Fay s compensation was again amended on November 18, 2020, to increase his salary to 160,000,
effective as of August 9, 2020. Thereafter, Mr. Fay was promoted to Vice President of Product Operations and his salary was increased
to 177,000 per annum, effective as of March 11, 2022. 

Agreement
with Jon Sabes, our former Chief Executive Officer 

Our
predecessor, FOXO BioScience LLC, entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Jon Sabes, its Chief Executive Officer CEO ),
as of April 22, 2020, for a five-year term that automatically renews for additional five-year periods unless terminated
prior to such renewal by the Company s board or Mr. Sabes. Pursuant to the terms of the employment agreement, the annual base
salary for Mr. Jon Sabes is 480,000. The CEO employment agreement provides that Mr. Sabes will receive an annual cash bonus
of up to 50 of his base salary, with such amount determined by the Company s compensation committee. The CEO employment agreement
also made a 10 profits interest grant, although this grant was later terminated when the Company converted to a C corporation and the
profits interest grant replaced by stock options. Mr. Sabes is entitled to participate in (i) all human resource benefit programs
made available to management-level employees of the Company and its subsidiaries, and (ii) all employee benefit plans and programs
made available by the Company. The CEO agreement provides reimbursement for private travel including the family members of Mr. Sabes
for both business and personal use, and social club memberships. 

60 

In
the event Mr. Sabes employment is terminated as a result of his death or incapacity, the Company will pay to the estate of
Mr. Sabes an amount equal to his then current base salary through the balance of the agreement, including any earned but unpaid annual
compensation and the Company will continue the welfare benefit programs provided under the agreement, including paying all premiums for
coverage for Mr. Sabes dependent family members. In the event Mr. Sabes employment is terminated by the board
without a renewal term or without Cause (as defined in the CEO employment agreement), then all equity awards immediately vest as specified
in the related agreements and Mr. Sabes will receive a severance payment equal to 36 months of his base salary. In the event
Mr. Sabes employment is terminated by the Company with Cause (as defined in the CEO employment agreement) or Mr. Sabes
resigns, then he will not be entitled to any severance or continued benefits. 

Under
the CEO employment agreement, Mr. Sabes agreed to customary confidentiality provisions and to refrain from soliciting employees of
the Company and its affiliates for a period of 12 months following any termination of employment and to a non-competition restriction
during the term of the agreement. 

Jon
Sabes was terminated as the Company s CEO on November 14 2022. The Company is continuing to review its obligations, if any, to Jon
Sabes pursuant to the CEO employment agreement. 

Agreement
with Steven Sabes, our former Chief Operating Officer 

Our
predecessor, GWG Holdings, Inc. entered into an employment agreement with Mr. Steven Sabes, its Chief Operating Officer, as of August 20,
2017, for a five-year initial term that automatically renews for additional one-year terms thereafter. For the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the annual base salary for Mr. Steven Sabes was 200,000. By letter agreement, dated October 17,
2019, the COO employment agreement was amended and provided that Mr. Steven Sabes will be eligible to participate in a discretionary
incentive compensation plan and receive annual incentive compensation in the form of cash and stock options based on individual performance
and the Company s achievement of certain milestones, with a payment expected to equate to up to 20 of annual base salary. The COO
employment agreement provides that Mr. Steven Sabes is eligible for standard benefit plans made available to management-level employees.
If the COO s employment ends on account of death or disability, the Company will pay his estate continued salary for one month and
continue welfare benefits including paying all premiums for coverage of the COO s dependent family members. 

The
COO employment agreement includes provisions governing Company confidential information, assignment of employee inventions, non-solicitation of
employees for 12 months following employment termination, non-competition for one year following any employment termination
for cause or without good reason (as defined in the COO employment agreement), and indemnification rights. 

Steven
Sabes was terminated as the Company s Chief Operating Officer on November 14, 2022. 

Outstanding Equity
Awards 

The
following table sets forth information concerning outstanding equity awards held by each of our named executive officers as of December 31,
2022, on a post-Business Combination basis. The table reflects both vested and unvested stock option awards, bifurcated by grant date. 

Option Awards 
 
 Name 
 Grant 
Date 
 Restricted 
 Stock (1) 
 Vesting 
 Commencement 
 Date 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options 
 Exercisable 
 (#) 
 Number of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options 
 Unexercisable 
 (#) 
 Option 
 Exercise 
 Price ) 
 Option 
 Expiration 
 Date 
 
 Tyler Danielson 
 9/15/2022 
 760,000 

1/27/2022 
 
 (2) 
 2 
 - 
 15.75 
 1/27/2027 

8/9/2021 
 
 (3) 
 1,664 
 2,065 
 6.51 
 8/9/2026 

5/11/2021 
 17,425 

4/2/2021 
 
 (4) 
 37,755 
 14,520 
 6.51 
 4/2/2026 
 
 Brian Chen, PhD 
 9/15/2022 
 760,000 

1/27/2022 
 
 (2) 
 2 
 - 
 15.75 
 1/27/2027 

8/9/2021 
 
 (3) 
 2,000 
 2,480 
 6.51 
 8/9/2026 

4/13/2021 
 
 (5) 
 670,026 
 2,238 
 6.51 
 4/13/2026 
 
 Robert Potashnick 
 9/15/2022 
 510,000 

1/27/2022 
 
 (2) 
 2 
 - 
 15.75 
 1/27/2027 

8/9/2021 
 
 (3) 
 1,591 
 1,980 
 6.51 
 8/9/2026 

4/2/2021 
 
 (6) 
 52,277 
 26,136 
 6.51 
 4/2/2026 
 
 Jon Sabes (9) 
 9/15/2022 
 1,169,000 

1/27/2022 
 
 (2) 
 2 
 - 
 15.75 
 1/27/2027 

4/2/2021 
 
 (7) 
 832,805 
 26,764 
 6.51 
 4/2/2026 
 
 Steven Sabes 
 1/27/2022 
 
 (8) 
 2 
 N/A 
 15.75 
 1/12/2023 

Various 
 
 (8) 
 390,085 
 N/A 
 6.51 
 1/12/2023 

61 

(1) 
 Restricted stock was issued in 2022 as part of the Company s Management Contingent Share Plan and is subject to time, performance, and service conditions. The shares held by Jon Sabes that are subject to forfeiture pursuant to the Management Contingent Share Plan are pending a review of the Company s obligations to vest these shares in connection with Jon. Sabes termination. The amount shown reflects shares associated with a performance obligation that was met at the time of Jon. Sabes termination. The restricted stock issued to Tyler Danielson is fully vested. 

(2) 
 Stock granted on January 27, 2022 began vesting at grant date and are
fully vested as of December 31, 2022 

(3) 
 The option award vests monthly over a three-year period from the grant date. 

(4) 
 On April 2, 2021, Mr. Tyler Danielson was granted a total of 52,275
stock option awards. The 14,520 stock option awards granted to Mr. Danielson that are unvested as of December 31, 2022 will vest in equal
monthly installments through December 31, 2023. 

(5) 
 On April 13, 2021, Mr. Brian Chen was granted a total of
672,264 stock option awards, a portion of which reflect compensation awards for services rendered prior to the adoption of the 2020 Plan.
Of the 2,238 stock option awards granted to Mr. Chen that are unvested as of December 31, 2022, (i) 834 will vest in equal monthly installments
from January 1, 2023 to June 30, 2023 and (iii) 1,404 will vest in equal monthly installments from January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023. 

(6) 
 On April 2, 2021, Mr. Robert Potashnick was granted a total of 78,413
stock option awards. The 26,136 stock option awards granted to Mr. Potashnick that are unvested as of December 31, 2022 will vest in
equal monthly installments through December 31, 2023. 

(7) 
 On April 2, 2021, Mr. Jon Sabes was granted a total
of 859,569 stock option awards, a portion of which reflect compensation awards issued as replacement for prior profits interests cancelled
in 2020 and for services rendered prior to the adoption of the 2020 Plan. Of the 26,764 stock option awards granted to Mr. Jon Sabes
that are unvested as of December 31, 2022, (i) 22,426 will vest in January 2023; (ii) 1,446 will vest in equal monthly installments
from January 1, 2023 to June 30, 2023; and (iii) 2,892 will vest in equal monthly installments from January 1, 2023 to December
31, 2023. 

(8) 
 Mr. Steve Sabes had three months from his termination of continuous service to exercise his options in accordance with our 2020 Plan. The options were not exercised within the allotted time and have since been forfeited. 

(9) 
 The shares held by Mr. Jon Sabes that are subject to forfeiture pursuant to the Management Contingent Share Plan are pending a review of the Company s obligations to vest these shares in connection with Mr. Jon Sabes termination. The amount shown reflects shares associated with a performance obligation that was met at the time of his termination. The Company is additionally reviewing its obligations to Mr. Jon Sabes related to the immediate vesting of options. The amount shown reflects options vested based on his continuous service as a director as of December 31, 2022. Mr. Jon Sabes no longer provides continuous service upon his resignation from the Board and has three months from his resignation on January 29, 2023 to exercise any of his remaining options. 

Executive Compensation
Arrangements Post-Closing Arrangements 

Post-Closing Employment
Agreements 

We
are in the process of negotiating, approving and implementing new employment arrangements with each of our executive officers, which will
govern the terms of their continuing employment with us. Although the terms of these agreements are still being finalized, we expect that
the agreements will have a fixed term of years, with annual renewals thereafter, subject to termination in accordance with each agreement s
terms and conditions. We expect that each executive will be entitled to an annual salary, to be reviewed each year, an annual target bonus
opportunity (calculated as a percentage of salary) paid in cash, and an equity incentive grant. We anticipate the agreements will contain
severance provisions whereby, if the executive is terminated other than for cause or resigns for good reason, then the executive will
be paid a lump sum payment calculated based on his or her salary and bonus. If the executive is terminated for cause, we anticipate the
agreements will provide that the executive would receive no amounts other than amounts accrued at the date of termination and any vested
benefits under Company benefit plans. We expect that all unvested equity awards would become fully vested in connection with a change
of control. 

62 

Simultaneously
with the execution and delivery of the Merger Agreement, certain Legacy FOXO executive officers entered into Non-Competition Agreements
in favor of Legacy FOXO and Delwinds and their respective present and future successors and direct and indirect subsidiaries. Under the
Non-Competition Agreements, the Legacy FOXO executive officers signatory thereto agreed not to compete with Delwinds, Legacy FOXO
and their respective affiliates during the two-year period following the Closing and, during such two-year restricted period,
to not solicit employees or customers of such entities. The Non-Competition Agreements also contain customary confidentiality and
non-disparagement provisions. 

2022 Equity Incentive
Plan 

Following
the consummation of the Business Combination, the Company adopted the 2022 Plan in order to facilitate the grant of equity awards to attract,
retain and incentivize employees (including officers), independent contractors and directors of the Company and its affiliates, which
is essential to the Company s long term success. 

Summary of the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan 

Eligibility 

Employees (including officers), non-employee directors and consultants
who render services to the Company or an affiliate thereof (whether now existing or subsequently established) are eligible to receive
awards under the 2022 Plan. Incentive stock options may only be granted to employees of the Company or a parent or subsidiary thereof.
As of the date of this Report, we have approximately 29 employees and consultants, including five executive officers, and three non-employee
directors, eligible to participate in the 2022 Plan. 

Administration 

The
compensation committee of our Board, or such other committee as may be designated by the Board, or in the absence of any such committee,
the Board (the compensation committee or Administrator ), administers the Incentive Plan. Subject
to the terms of the Incentive Plan, the compensation committee has complete authority and discretion to determine the terms of awards
under the Incentive Plan. 

Types of Awards 

The
2022 Plan provides for the grant of stock options, which may be incentive stock options ISOs or non-qualified stock
options NQSOs ), stock appreciation rights SARs ), restricted shares, restricted stock units RSUs and other equity-based awards, or collectively, awards. 

Share Reserve 

3,286,235
shares of Class A Common Stock may be issued under the 2022 Plan. All of the shares available under the 2022 Plan may be issued upon the
exercise of ISOs. 

Awards
granted under the 2022 Plan upon the assumption of, or in substitution for, awards authorized or outstanding under a qualifying equity
plan maintained by an entity with which we enter into a merger or similar corporate transaction do not reduce the shares available for
grant under the 2022 Plan but will count against the maximum number of shares that may be issued upon the exercise of ISOs. 

If
options, SARs, restricted stock, RSUs or any other awards are forfeited, cancelled or expire before being exercised or settled in full,
the shares subject to such awards will again be available for issuance under the 2022 Plan. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained
herein: shares subject to an award under the 2022 Plan shall not again be made available for issuance or delivery under the 2022 Plan
if such shares are (a) shares tendered in payment of an option, (b) shares delivered or withheld by the company to satisfy any tax withholding
obligation, or (c) shares covered by a stock-settled SAR or other Awards that were not issued upon the settlement of the award. Shares
issued under the 2022 Plan may be authorized but unissued shares or treasury shares. As of the date hereof, no awards have been granted
under the 2022 Plan. 

63 

Annual Limitation on Awards to Non-Employee
Directors 

The
grant date fair value of 2022 Plan awards granted to each non-employee director during any calendar year may not exceed 500,000
(on a per-director basis). 

Stock Options 

The
2022 Plan authorizes the grant of ISOs and NQSOs (each an Option ). Options granted under the Incentive Plan entitle
the grantee, upon exercise, to purchase a specified number of shares of Class A Common Stock from us at a specified exercise price per
share. The administrator of the Incentive Plan determines the period during which an Option may be exercised, as well as any Option vesting
schedule, except that no Option may be exercised more than 10 years after the date of grant and will generally expire sooner if the
option holder s service terminates. The exercise price for shares of Class A Common Stock covered by an Option cannot be less than
the fair market value of the common stock on the date of grant unless pursuant to an assumption or substitution for another option in
a manner satisfying the provisions of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code. 

An
Option s exercise price may be paid in cash or by certified check at the time the Option is exercised, or, at the discretion of
the administrator, (1) a stock-for-stock exchange whereby the exercise price is paid by exchange of other common stock with
a fair market value equal to the Option exercise price; (2) a cashless exchange established with a broker; (3) by
reducing the number of shares of common stock otherwise deliverable upon exercise with the fair market value equal to the aggregate Option
exercise price; (4) any combination of the previous methods; or (5) in any other form of legal consideration that may be acceptable
by the administrator. 

Tax Limitations on Incentive Stock Options 

The
aggregate fair market value, determined on the date of grant, of shares for which ISOs granted under the 2022 Plan first become exercisable
by a participant during any calendar year shall not exceed 100,000, and any amount in excess of 100,000 shall be treated as NQSOs. If
an ISO is granted to any employee who owns more than 10 of the total combined voting securities of the Company, the exercise price of
such ISO shall be at least 110 of the fair market value of the Class A Common Stock on the date of grant, and such ISO shall not be exercisable
more than five years after the date of grant. 

Stock Appreciation Rights 

Stock
appreciation rights may be granted under the 2022 Plan. Stock appreciation rights allow the recipient to receive the appreciation in the
fair market value of the Company Class A Common Stock between the exercise date and the date of grant. Stock appreciation rights may not
have a term exceeding ten years. The grant price for a stock appreciation right may not be less than 100 of the fair market value
per share on the date of grant. Subject to the provisions of the, the administrator determines the other terms of stock appreciation rights,
including when such rights become exercisable. 

Restricted Stock Awards 

Restricted
stock may be granted under the 2022 Plan. Restricted stock awards are grants of shares of Company Class A Common Stock that vest in accordance
with terms and conditions established by the compensation committee. The Administrator determines the number of shares of restricted stock
granted to any employee, director or consultant and, subject to the provisions of the 2022 Plan, determines the terms and conditions of
such awards. The compensation committee may impose whatever conditions to vesting it determines to be appropriate. The compensation committee,
in its sole discretion, may accelerate the time at which any restrictions will lapse or be removed. 

Recipients
of restricted stock awards generally have voting rights with respect to such shares upon grant unless the administrator provides otherwise.
Unless the administrator determines otherwise, during the restricted period, all dividends or other distributions paid upon any restricted
stock awards will be retained by the Company for the account of the recipient. Such dividends or other distributions will revert to the
Company if for any reason the restricted stock award upon which such dividends or other distributions were paid reverts to the company.
Upon the expiration of the restricted period, all such dividends or other distributions made on such restricted share and retained by
the Company will be paid to the recipient, with or without interest as determined by the administrator. 

64 

Restricted Stock Units 

Restricted
stock units may be granted under the 2022 Plan. Restricted stock units are bookkeeping entries representing an amount equal to the fair
market value of one share of company common stock. Subject to the provisions of the 2022 Plan, the Administrator determines the terms
and conditions of restricted stock units, including the vesting criteria and the form and timing of payment. The Administrator may also
grant restricted stock units with a deferral feature, whereby settlement is deferred beyond the vesting date or lapse of the restricted
period until the occurrence of a future payment date or event set forth in an award agreement Deferred Stock Units ).
A holder of restricted stock units will have only the rights of a general unsecured creditor of the Company, until the delivery of shares,
cash or other securities or property. On the delivery date, the holder of each restricted stock unit not previously forfeited or terminated
will receive one share, cash or other securities or property equal in value to one share or a combination thereof, as specified by the
Administrator. 

Other Equity-Based Awards 

The
2022 Plan also authorizes the grant of other types of equity-based awards based in whole or in part by reference to the Company s
Class A Common Stock. The Administrator will determine the terms and conditions of any such awards. 

Change in Control 

Unless
otherwise provided in an award agreement, under the 2022 Plan, if a participant is terminated without cause or for good reason during
the 12-month period following a change in control (as defined in the 2022 Plan), all of such participant s outstanding awards
shall vest and be immediately exercisable as of the date of termination. With respect to awards subject to performance goals, in the event
of a change in control, all incomplete performance periods in respect of such awards in effect on the date the change in control occurs
shall end on the date of such change and the Administrator shall (i) determine the extent to which performance goals with respect
to each such performance period have been met based upon such audited or unaudited financial information then available as it deems relevant
and (ii) cause to be paid to the applicable participant partial or full awards with respect to performance goals for each such performance
period based upon the Administrator s determination of the degree of attainment of performance goals or, if not determinable, assuming
that the applicable target levels of performance have been attained, or on such other basis determined by the administrator.
In addition, in the event of a change in control, the Administrator may in its discretion cash out any or all outstanding awards immediately
before the change in control. 

Changes to Capital Structure 

In
the event of certain changes in capitalization, including a stock split, reverse stock split or stock dividend, proportionate adjustments
will be made in the number and kind of shares available for issuance under the 2022 Plan, the limit on the number of shares that may be
issued under the 2022 Plan as ISOs, the number and kind of shares subject to each outstanding award and/or the exercise price of each
outstanding award. 

Duration, Amendment and Termination 

The
Administrator of the 2022 Plan may suspend or terminate the 2022 Plan without stockholder approval or ratification at any time
or from time to time. Unless sooner terminated, the 2022 Plan will terminate on the tenth anniversary of its effective date. The
Administrator may also amend the 2022 Plan at any time, except that no amendment shall be effective unless approved by our stockholders,
to the extent stockholder approval is necessary to satisfy any applicable laws. No change may be made that increases the total number
of shares of Class A Common Stock reserved for issuance pursuant to awards or reduces the minimum exercise price for options or exchange
of options for other awards, unless such change is authorized by our stockholders. No modification may be made to an outstanding award
under the 2022 Plan if such modification effects a repricing of the award unless such a repricing is approved by our stockholders.
A termination or amendment of the 2022 Plan will not, without the consent of the participant, materially impair the rights under
a previously granted award. 

Restrictions on Transfer 

ISOs
may not be transferred or exercised by another person except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. NQSOs may, in the sole
discretion of the administrator, be transferable to certain permitted transferees as provided in the individual award agreements. 

International Participation 

The
Administrator has the authority to implement sub-plans (or otherwise modify applicable grant terms) for purposes of satisfying applicable
foreign laws, conforming to applicable market practices or for qualifying for favorable tax treatment under applicable foreign laws, and
the terms and conditions applicable to awards granted under any such sub-plan or modified award may differ from the terms of the
2022 Plan. Any shares issued in satisfaction of awards granted under a sub-plan will come from the 2022 Plan share reserve. 

65 

Incentive Stock Options 

A
participant will not recognize income on the grant, vesting, or exercise of an ISO. However, the difference between the exercise price
and the fair market value of the Class A Common Stock on the date of exercise is an adjustment item for purposes of the alternative minimum
tax. If a participant does not exercise an ISO within certain specified periods after termination of employment, the participant will
recognize ordinary income on the exercise of an ISO in the same manner as on the exercise of a NQSO, as described below. 

Non-Qualified Stock Options and
SARs 

A
participant generally is not required to recognize income on the grant or vesting of a NQSO or SAR. Instead, ordinary income generally
is required to be recognized on the date the NQSO or SAR is exercised. In general, the amount of ordinary income required to be recognized
is (a) in the case of a NQSO, an amount equal to the excess, if any, of the fair market value of the shares on the exercise date
over the exercise price and (b) in the case of a SAR, the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any shares received upon
exercise. If the participant is an employee or former employee, the participant will be required to satisfy the tax withholding requirements
applicable to such income. 

A
participant who receives an award of restricted stock generally does not recognize taxable income at the time of the award. Instead, the
participant recognizes ordinary income when the shares vest, subject to withholding if the participant is an employee or former employee.
The amount of taxable income is equal to the fair market value of the shares on the vesting date(s) less the amount, if any, paid for
the shares. Alternatively, a participant may make a one-time election to recognize income at the time the participant receives restricted
stock in an amount equal to the fair market value of the restricted stock (less any amount paid for the shares) on the date of the award
by making an election under Section 83(b) of the Code. 

Restricted Stock Unit Awards 

In
general, no taxable income results upon the grant of an RSU. The recipient will generally recognize ordinary income, subject to withholding
if the recipient is an employee or former employee, equal to the fair market value of the shares that are delivered to the recipient upon
settlement of the RSU. 

Gain or Loss on Sale or Exchange of
Shares 

In
general, gain or loss from the sale or exchange of shares of common stock granted or awarded under the 2022 Plan will be treated
as capital gain or loss, provided that the shares are held as capital assets at the time of the sale or exchange. However, if certain
holding period requirements are not satisfied at the time of a sale or exchange of shares acquired upon exercise of an ISO (a disqualifying
disposition ), a participant generally will be required to recognize ordinary income upon such disposition. 

Section 409A 

The
foregoing description assumes that Section 409A of the Code does not apply to an award. In general, options and stock appreciation rights
are exempt from Section 409A if the exercise price per share is at least equal to the fair market value per share of the underlying stock
at the time the option or stock appreciation right was granted. RSUs are subject to Section 409A unless they are settled within two and
one half months after the end of the later of (a) the end of the Company s fiscal year in which vesting occurs or (b) the end of
the calendar year in which vesting occurs. Restricted stock awards are not generally subject to Section 409A. If an award is subject to
Section 409A and the provisions for the exercise or settlement of that award do not comply with Section 409A, then the participant would
be required to recognize ordinary income whenever a portion of the award vested (regardless of whether it had been exercised or settled).
This amount would also be subject to a 20 U.S. federal tax and premium interest in addition to the U.S. federal income tax at the participant s
usual marginal rate for ordinary income. 

Deductibility by Company 

The
Company will generally be entitled to an income tax deduction at the time and to the extent a participant recognizes ordinary income as
a result of an award granted under the 2022 Plan. However, Section 162(m) of the Code may limit the deductibility of certain awards granted
under the 2022 Plan. Although the administrator considers the deductibility of compensation as one factor in determining executive compensation,
the Administrator retains the discretion to award and pay compensation that is not deductible as it believes that it is in the stockholders 
best interests to maintain flexibility in the approach to executive compensation and to structure a program that the Administrator considers
to be the most effective in attracting, motivating and retaining key employees. 

66 

Management Contingent
Share Plan 

In
connection with the Business Combination, we adopted an earnout incentive plan (the Management Contingent Share Plan to secure and retain the services of certain key employees and service providers and incentivize such key employees and service providers
to exert maximum efforts for the success of FOXO and its affiliates. The Management Contingent Share Plan makes available a total of 9,200,000 shares
eligible to be issued pursuant to restricted share awards, all of which are eligible to be issued. These restricted share awards will
vest and be subject to forfeiture according to time and performance-based criteria established as part of the Business Combination.
Certain of these restricted share awards will be granted to our named executive officers and will represent compensation to such individuals
in 2022. 

Summary of the Management Contingent Share Plan 

Eligibility 

Employees
(including officers), non-employee directors and consultants who render services to the Company or an affiliate thereof (whether
now existing or subsequently established) are eligible to receive awards under the Management Contingent Share Plan. 

Administration 

The
Management Contingent Share Plan is administered by the compensation committee, or such other committee of the Board, composed of independent
directors, as is designated by the Board to administer the Management Contingent Share Plan (the Committee ). 

Subject
to the terms of the Management Contingent Share Plan, the Committee will have complete authority to construe and interpret the plan and
awards granted under it. The Committee shall be solely responsible for monitoring and determining whether or not any performance-based condition
(described below) is achieved and any such determination shall be final and conclusive. The Committee may utilize whatever rules and processes
it believes are appropriate in this determinative process. All determinations, interpretations, and constructions made by the Committee
in good faith and consistent with the terms of the plan shall not be subject to review by any person and shall be final, binding, and
conclusive on all persons. 

Share Reserve 

The
number of shares of Class A Common Stock that may be issued under the Management Contingent Share Plan is 9,200,000 shares, subject
to equitable adjustment for share splits, share dividends, combinations and recapitalizations, including to account for any equity securities
into which such shares are exchanged or converted. All 9,200,000 shares of Class A Common Stock were issued to members of Company
management designated by management. 

Types of Awards 

The
Management Contingent Share Plan provides for the grant of restricted share awards of Class A Common Stock. All of the shares of Class
A Common Stock issued to employees at the Closing were issued pursuant to a Restricted Share Award, the terms of which apply
to all shares issued to such recipient. For the purposes of the Management Contingent Share Plan, shares of restricted Class A Common
Stock issued in accordance with such plan will be considered vested when they are no longer subject to forfeiture in accordance
with the terms of such plan. Each restricted share award issued under the Management Contingent Share Plan is subject to both a time-based vesting
component and a performance-based vesting component. 

Time-Based Vesting 

Each
restricted share award shall be subject to three service-based vesting conditions: 

(a) Sixty percent (60 of a participant s
restricted share award will become vested on the third anniversary of the Closing if the participant is still employed by the Company
on such date (and has been continuously employed by the Company from the date of grant through such vesting date). 

(b) An additional twenty percent (20 of a participant s restricted share award will become vested on the fourth anniversary of the Closing if the participant is still
employed by the Company on such date (and has been continuously employed by the Company from the date of grant through such vesting date). 

(c) The final twenty percent (20 of a participant s restricted share award will become vested on the fifth anniversary of the Closing if the participant is still
employed by the Company on such date (and has been continuously employed by the Company from the date of grant through such vesting date). 

67 

Performance-Based Vesting 

In
addition, to time-based vesting, one-third of each restricted share award may only become vested upon satisfaction of each of
the following three performance-based conditions: 

(a) The operational launch of digital
online insurance products by FOXO Life Insurance Company (or its functional equivalent under a managing general agency relationship with
a life insurance company), with at least 100 policies sold, within one year following the Closing; 

(b) The signing of a commercial research
collaboration agreement with an insurance company or reinsurance company for saliva-based epigenetic biomarkers in life insurance
underwriting within two years following the Closing; and 

(c) The implementation of saliva-based epigenetic
biomarkers in life insurance underwriting by the Company, with at least 250 policies sold using such underwriting, within two years
following the Closing. 

Service Based-Conditions 

The
Management Contingent Share Plan provides that in the event of the death, disability, or termination without cause of the CEO at the time
of the Closing, service-based conditions will not apply. 

Forfeiture of Restricted Share Awards 

If
a performance-based condition is not achieved within the specified timeframe then the one-third portion of each restricted share
award that is associated to that performance-based condition will be permanently forfeited. The Committee shall be solely responsible
for monitoring and determining whether or not any performance-based condition is achieved and any such determination shall be final
and conclusive. 

Any
restricted stock awards that fail to vest due to a time-based vesting condition not being satisfied will be forfeited by the participant
and the shares associated with that award will be permanently forfeited and cancelled. 

Change in Control 

In
the event of a change in control (as defined in the plan), all time-based vesting conditions and any performance-based vesting
conditions whose time frame for achievement has not expired will be waived. Any restricted share awards that were forfeited due to failure
to meet a performance-based vesting condition prior to the change in control will remain permanently forfeited. 

Duration, Amendment and Termination 

Unless
sooner terminated, the Management Contingent Share Plan will terminate on the first to occur of (a) the date that 100 of the restricted
share awards have become vested or (b) the first business day following the fifth (5 th anniversary of the Closing.
The Board may suspend or terminate the plan with the written consent of all remaining participants in the Management Contingent Share
Plan (at the time of the proposed suspension or termination of the Management Contingent Share Plan). The Board at any time, and from
time to time, may amend, supplement, modify or restate the plan or any award provided that any such amendment applicable to a previously
outstanding award shall not have an adverse effect on a participant or diminish the value of any previously outstanding award under the
plan without participant s prior written consent. 

68 

Restrictions on Transfer 

Except
for transfers without consideration to persons or entities related to a participant (family members, family trusts, etc.) restricted share
awards may not be transferred to another person except in the sole discretion of the Committee. 

Director Compensation 

Non-Employee Director
Compensation Table 

No directors received compensation for their service
on Delwinds board of directors in 2021. 

The
following table presents the total compensation earned and paid to non-employee member directors of the Legacy FOXO board during
the year ended December 31, 2022. Mr. Jon Sabes, our former Chief Executive Officer, did not receive any compensation for his
service as a member of the Legacy FOXO board during any period presented. Mr. Sabes compensation for service as an employee
is presented above under the heading Summary Compensation Table above. In addition to the compensation outlined below,
we reimbursed non-employee members of the Legacy FOXO board for reasonable travel expenses, and out-of-pocket costs incurred
in attending meetings of the Legacy FOXO board or events attended on behalf of Legacy FOXO. 

Name 
 Year 
 Fees Earned and Paid in Cash )(4) 
 Option Awards ) (5) 
 Stock Awards ) (6) 
 Total )(7) 
 
 Bret Barnes (1) 
 2022 
 45,000 
 308,580 
 390,500 
 744,080 
 
 Murdoc Khaleghi (2) 
 2022 
 45,000 
 - 
 390,500 
 435,500 
 
 Andrew Poole 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Laurence Zipkin (3) 
 2022 
 45,000 
 - 
 - 
 45,000 
 
 Lyle Berman (3) 
 2022 
 45,000 
 - 
 - 
 45,000 

(1) Bret Barnes was appointed to the
Legacy FOXO board in November of 2021 and given the timing of his appointment to the Legacy FOXO board, and ongoing valuation work, Mr. Barnes
was not granted any equity-based compensation awards during the year ended December 31, 2021. The restricted stock grant to
Mr. Barnes was part of the Company s Management Contingent Share Plan. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Mr. Barnes was
also granted options valued at 133,200 for serving on the Company s Scientific Advisory Board. 

(2) The restricted stock grant to Dr. Khaleghi was part of the Company s
Management Contingent Share Plan. Dr. Khaleghi also received 99,000 in cash and 624,800 worth of shares from the Management Contingent
Share Plan during the year ended December 31, 2022 as fees for his services under his Contractor Agreement with Legacy FOXO (see Certain
Relationships and Related Party Transactions Legacy FOXO Contractor Agreement ). Dr. Khaleghi was supposed to
be issued options as part of his Contractor Agreement but agreed to accept shares under the Management Contingent Share Plan
instead. Dr. Khaleghi was also granted options valued at 133,200 for serving on the Company s Scientific Advisory Board. 

(3) Lyle Berman and Laurence Zipkin
were appointed and no longer serve on the FOXO board. 

(4) Amounts represent cash compensation
earned and paid during the year ended December 31, 2022 for services rendered by each member of the Legacy FOXO board. Cash compensation
amounts are paid in the final month of each calendar quarter for services rendered during that respective quarter. 

(5) Amounts reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of stock option
awards granted under the 2020 Plan to non-employee members of Legacy FOXO board during the year ended December 31, 2022,
computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation . See Note 11 of
the audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Report for a discussion of the relevant assumptions
used in calculating this amount. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Mr. Bret Barnes was granted 69,500 stock option awards
as compensation for joining the Board and for services rendered. 

(6) 
 Amounts
 reflect the aggregate grant date fair value of restricted stock granted under FOXO s Management Contingent Share Plan computed
 in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation. See Note 8 of the consolidated financial statements
 included elsewhere in this Report for a discussion of the relevant assumptions used in calculating this amount for the year ended
 December 31, 2022. These amounts do not reflect the actual economic value that may be realized by the named executive
 officer. 

(7) The compensation committee has
not yet determined compensation for the FOXO Board. Accordingly, all compensation relates to the Legacy FOXO board. 

69 

Post-Combination Director
Compensation 

Our
Board plans to implement an annual compensation program for its non-employee directors. The material terms of this program are not yet
known and will depend on the judgment of our Board based on advice and counsel of its advisors. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation 

None of the Company s
executive officers serves as a member of the Board or compensation committee (or other committee performing equivalent functions) of any
entity that has one or more executive officers serving on the Board or compensation committee. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters 

The following table lists,
as of March 21, 2023, the number of shares of Class A Common Stock beneficially owned by (i) each person, entity or group (as that term
is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act of 1934) known to the Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the outstanding
common stock; (ii) each of our directors (iii) each of our executive officers and (iv) all executive officers and directors as a group.
Information relating to beneficial ownership of common stock by our principal stockholders and management is based upon information furnished
by each person using beneficial ownership concepts under the rules of the SEC. Under these rules, a person is deemed to
be a beneficial owner of a security if that person directly or indirectly has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote
or direct the voting of the security, or investment power, which includes the power to dispose or direct the disposition of the security.
The person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within
60 days from the date of this prospectus. Under the SEC rules, more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same
securities, and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities as to which he or she may not have any pecuniary interest.
Except as noted below, each person has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares beneficially owned and each stockholder s
address is c/o FOXO Technologies Limited, 729 N. Washington Ave., Suite 600, Minneapolis, MN 55401. 

Applicable percentage of ownership is based on 27,418,069 shares of Class A Common Stock issued as of March 21, 2023. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares of Common Stock (11) 
 of Class 
(12) 

Directors and Executive Officers: 

Andrew Poole (1) 
 1,169,162 
 4.3 

Murdoc Khalegi (2) 
 161,935 

Bret Barnes (3) 
 74,088 

Brian Chen (4) 
 1,433,672 
 5.1 

Tyler Danielson (5) 
 822,206 
 3.0 

Robby Potashnick (6) 
 573,077 
 2.1 

Michael Will (7) 
 551,709 
 2.0 

Taylor Fay (8) 
 181,458 

All directors and executive officers as a group (8 individuals) 
 4,967,307 
 17.5 

Five Percent Holders: 

GWG Holdings, Inc. (9) 
 4,646,698 
 16.9 

Jon Sabes (10) 
 3,740,098 
 13.1 

less than 1 . 

(1) Includes (i) 730,142 shares
of Class A Common Stock held by Mr. Poole; (ii) 42,500 shares of Class A Common Stock underlying Private Warrants held by Mr. Poole;
and (iii) 396,520 shares of Class A Common Stock held in irrevocable trusts for the benefit of Mr. Poole s children, of which Mr.
Poole exercises voting control. 

70 

(2) Includes (i) 130,000 shares
of Class A Common Stock held by Dr. Khaleghi that are subject to forfeiture pursuant to the Management Contingent Share Plan and (ii)
31,935 shares of Class A Common Stock underlying vested options and options expected to vest by May 20, 2023 held by Dr. Khaleghi. 

(3) Includes (i) 50,000 shares
of Class A Common Stock held by Mr. Barnes that are subject to forfeiture pursuant to the Management Contingent Share Plan and (ii) 24,088
shares of Class A Common Stock underlying vested options and options expected to vest by May 20, 2023 held by Mr. Barnes. 

(4) Includes (i) 760,000 shares
of Class A Common Stock held by Mr. Chen that are subject to forfeiture pursuant to the Management Contingent Share Plan and (ii) 673,672
shares of Class A Common Stock underlying vested options and options expected to vest by May 20, 2023 held by Mr. Chen. 

(5) Includes (i) 17,425 shares
of Class A Common Stock held by Mr. Danielson, (ii) 760,000 shares of Class A Common Stock held by Mr. Danielson that are subject to
forfeiture pursuant to the Management Contingent Share Plan and (iii) 44,781 shares of Class A Common Stock underlying vested options
and options expected to vest by May 20, 2023 held by Mr. Danielson. 

(6) Includes 510,000 shares of
Class A Common Stock held by Mr. Potashnick that are subject to forfeiture pursuant to the Management Contingent Share Plan and 63,077
shares of Class A Common Stock underlying vested options and options expected to vest by May 20, 2023 held by Mr. Potashnick. 

(7) Includes (i) 510,000 shares
of Class A Common Stock held by Mr. Will that are subject to forfeiture pursuant to the Management Contingent Share Plan and (ii) 41,709
shares of Class A Common Stock underlying vested options and options expected to vest by May 20, 2023 held by Mr. Will. 

(8) Includes (i) 150,000 shares
of Class A Common Stock held by Mr. Fay that are subject to forfeiture pursuant to the Management Contingent Share Plan and (ii) 31,458
shares of Class A Common Stock underlying vested options and options expected to vest by May 20, 2023 held by Mr. Fay. 

(9) The business address for GWG
Holdings, Inc. is 325 North St. Paul Street, Suite 2650, Dallas, TX 75201. 

(10) Includes (i) 181,511 shares of
Class A Common Stock underlying Assumed Warrants and 372,680 shares of Class A Common Stock held by JK-JBM Family Investment LLC of which
Mr. Sabes exercises voting control; (ii) 1,169,000 shares of Class A Common Stock held by Mr. Sabes that are subject to forfeiture pursuant
to the Management Contingent Share Plan,; (iii) 855,233 shares of Class A Common Stock underlying vested options held by Mr. Sabes; and
(iv) 1,161,674 shares of Class A Common Stock held by FOXO Management, LLC of which Mr. Sabes exercises voting control. The shares held
by Mr. Sabes that are subject to forfeiture pursuant to the Management Contingent Share Plan are pending a review of the Company s
obligations to vest these shares in connection with Mr. Sabes termination. The amount shown reflects shares associated with a performance
obligation that was met at the time of his termination. The Company is additionally reviewing its obligations to Mr. Sabes related to
the immediate vesting of options. The amount shown reflects options vested based on his service as a Director through his resignation
date. Mr. Sabes resigned from the Board on January 29, 2023 and has three months following his continuous service to exercise his options. 

(11) These amounts are based upon
information available to the Company as of the date of this filing. 

(12) To our knowledge, except as indicated in the footnotes above
and subject to state community property laws where applicable, all beneficial owners named in the beneficial ownership table above have
sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares shown as beneficially owned by them. 

71 

Securities Authorized for
Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The following table provides information as of
December 31, 2022 regarding equity compensation plans approved by our security holders. As of December 31, 2022, we had no awards outstanding
under equity compensation plans that have not been approved by our security holders. 

Plan Category 
 Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options 
 
 Weighted Average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans (excluding Securities reflected in Column (a))(1) 

(a) 
 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 2,765,099 
 (2) 
 7.02 
 3,286,235 

(1) 
 Consists of shares of Class A Common Stock available for future issuance under the 2022 Plan. 
 
 (2) 
 Consists of shares of Class A Common Stock subject to outstanding equity awards under the Legacy FOXO 2020 Plan. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director
Independence 

Related Party Transactions 

Delwinds 

On February 23, 2022, Delwinds
issued a promissory note in the principal amount of up to 2,000,000 to the Sponsor (the Sponsor February Promissory Note ).
The Sponsor February Promissory Note was issued in connection with advances the Sponsor has made to Delwinds for working capital expenses.
As of the date of this Report, 500,000 was still outstanding under the Sponsor February Promissory Note. 

On
February 24, 2022, in connection with the Transaction, concurrent with the execution of the Merger Agreement, Andrew J. Poole, Delwinds 
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and The Gray Insurance Company, which is an affiliate of certain of Delwinds officers and
directors (the Backstop Investors entered into Backstop Subscription Agreements (the Backstop Subscription
Agreements pursuant to which the Backstop Investors agreed, subject to the terms and conditions of the Backstop Subscription
Agreements, to purchase certain newly-issued shares of Class A Common Stock, contingent upon the occurrence of certain events, including
the amount of Class A Common Stock redeemed upon consummation of the Business Combination and other contingencies. Concurrent and in connection
with Delwinds entering into a Forward Purchase Agreement with Meteora Capital Partners or its affiliates, Delwinds and the Backstop Investors
entered into revised Backstop Subscription Agreements (the Revised Backstop Subscription Agreements ), the terms of
which were also approved and agreed by Legacy FOXO. As a result of the terms of the Revised Backstop Subscription Agreements, the Backstop
Investors did not subscribe for Delwinds shares concurrent with the consummation of the Business Combination pursuant to such agreements,
in connection with Delwinds entering into the Forward Purchase Agreement with Meteora. 

72 

Delwinds
has entered into a registration and stockholder rights agreement with respect to the private placement units, the units issuable upon
conversion of working capital loans (if any) and the shares of Delwinds Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and
upon conversion of the Founder shares. 

On
September 14, 2022, the Sponsor forfeited 600,000 shares of Delwinds Class B Common Stock and assigned all of its remaining securities
of the Company to its members for no additional consideration pursuant to securities assignment and joinder agreements (the Distribution ),
pursuant to which the members became parties to the Existing Letter Agreement, as amended by the Insider Letter Amendment, the Registration
Rights Agreement, dated as of December 10, 2020, and Warrant Agreement, dated as of December 10, 2020, as applicable. 

Administrative
Support Agreement 

Delwinds
agreed, commencing on the effective date of the IPO through the earlier of the Delwinds consummation of a business combination
and its liquidation, to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative
support. At December 31, 2021 and 2020, a total of 5,000 was recorded as due to Sponsor on the balance sheet related to this agreement.
For the years ending December 31, 2021 and 2020, under this agreement we paid a total of 120,000 and 0, respectively. 

Our
Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent registered
accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written
letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account
to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date
of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes
payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver
of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims
under our indemnity of the underwriters of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act.
However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our
sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our
company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors
will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

Legacy FOXO 

Other
than compensation arrangements, the following is a summary of the transactions and series of similar transactions since January 1,
2021, or any currently proposed transactions, to which Legacy FOXO was a participant or will be a participant, in which: 

the amounts involved exceeded or will exceed 120,000; and 

any of our directors, executive officers or holders of more than 5 of our voting securities, or any member of the immediate family of the foregoing persons, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

Compensation arrangements for our directors and named executive officers
are described elsewhere in this Report. 

Sales and Purchases
of Securities 

Convertible Debenture
Sales 

During
the three months ended March 31, 2021, Legacy FOXO entered into separate Securities Purchase Agreements and other 2021 Bridge Agreements,
with the 2021 Bridge Investors, pursuant to which Legacy FOXO issued 11,812,500 in aggregate principal amount of the 2021 Bridge Debentures.
Legacy FOXO received net proceeds of 9,612,007 from the sale of the 2021 Bridge Debentures after the original issue discount of 12.5 
and deducting fees and expenses of 887,993. The 2021 Bridge Debentures were issued in three tranches, on January 25, 2021, February 23,
2021, and March 4, 2021. The 2021 Bridge Debentures mature twelve months from the initial issuance dates, bear interest at a rate
of 12 per annum, and require interest only payments on a quarterly basis. We retained the right to extend the maturity date for each
issuance for an additional three-month period and incur an extension amount rate of 110 of the outstanding balance of the 2021 Bridge
Debenture. The 2021 Bridge Debentures allow for both: (i) voluntary conversion of aggregate principal and accrued and unpaid interest
to shares of Class A Common Stock at the option of the holder at a price per share equal to OIP and (ii) mandatory conversion of aggregate
principal and accrued and unpaid interest upon our consummation of offering of common stock, including a special purpose acquisition company
transaction, for an aggregate price of at least 5,000,000 at a price per share equal to the lower of (a) 70 of the offering price per
share or (b) OIP. On January 25, 2021, Legacy FOXO also issued convertible debentures to its serving Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Operating Officer, and to the Consultant (as defined below) that provided consulting services to Legacy FOXO, on the same terms
as the 2021 Bridge Debentures issued to the 2021 Bridge Investors. 

Effective
February 22, 2022, pursuant to the 2021 Bridge Amendment, Legacy FOXO and the requisite 2021 Bridge Investors amended the terms of
certain 2021 Bridge Agreements to, among other things: (i) expand the definition of Qualified Offering to include certain
transactions with a special purpose acquisition company, (ii) permit Legacy FOXO to undertake the issuance of the 2022 Bridge Debentures,
(iii) allow Legacy FOXO to further extend the maturity dates of the 2021 Bridge Debentures by 5 months under certain circumstances
and (iv) implement additional premiums payable on the outstanding principal amount of the 2021 Bridge Debentures under certain circumstances. 

73 

Contractor Agreement 

In
October 2021, Legacy FOXO entered into a Contractor Agreement with Dr. Murdoc Khaleghi, one of its directors, under which Dr. Khaleghi
serves as our Chief Medical Officer. The Agreement was for an initial 12 month term and renews on a month-to-month basis thereafter
subject to termination by either party on 10 days notice. We pay Dr. Khaleghi 9,000 per month and reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses. 

Indemnification
Agreements 

Section 145
of the DGCL authorizes a court to award, or a corporation s board of directors to grant, indemnity to directors and officers in
terms sufficiently broad to permit such indemnification under certain circumstances for liabilities, including reimbursement for expenses
incurred, arising under the Securities Act. 

Our
Charter provides for indemnification of its directors, officers, employees and other agents to the maximum extent permitted by the DGCL,
and our bylaws provide for indemnification of its directors, officers, employees and other agents to the maximum extent permitted by the
DGCL. 

In
addition, we have entered and will enter into indemnification agreements with directors, officers, and some employees containing provisions
which are in some respects broader than the specific indemnification provisions contained in the DGCL. The indemnification agreements
will require our Company, among other things, to indemnify its directors against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their
status or service as directors and to advance their expenses incurred as a result of any proceeding against them as to which they could
be indemnified. 

Consulting Agreement 

In
April 2022, Legacy FOXO executed a consulting agreement with Bespoke Growth Partners, Inc., a company controlled by Mark Peikin (the
 Consultant ), which was subsequently amended on June 1, 2022. The Consultant was considered to be a related party
of the Company as a holder of more than 5 of Legacy FOXO Class A Common Stock prior to the Business Combination. The agreement has a
term of twelve months, over which the Consultant is to provide services that include, but are not limited to, advisory services relating
to the implementation and completion of an event that will result in Legacy FOXO being publicly listed and subject to Exchange Act.
Following the execution of the agreement, as compensation for such services to be rendered as well as related expenses over the term of
the contract, the Consultant was paid a cash fee of 1,425. The consulting agreement also calls for the payment of an equity fee as compensation
for such services. Legacy FOXO issued 1,500,000 shares of Class A Common Stock to the Consultant. These shares are intended to convert
into no less than 800,000 shares of Class A Common Stock of the Company after the consummation of the Business Combination. To the
extent that adjustments to the Conversion Ratio reduce the Consultant s converted shares to an amount less than 800,000, the Consultant
is to be issued make-up shares to ensure they are the holder of 800,000 shares of Class A Common Stock of the Company following
the close of the Merger. The shares ultimately converted into 871,256 shares of Class A Common Stock of the Company. 

Policies for Approval
of Related Person Transactions 

Our
Board reviews and approves transactions with related persons (as defined below). Prior to this transaction, prior to our Board s
consideration of a transaction with a related person, the material facts as to the related person s relationship or interest in
the transaction were disclosed to the Board, and the transaction was not considered approved by the Board unless a majority of the directors
who are not interested in the transaction approve the transaction. Our current policy with respect to approval of related person transactions
is not in writing. 

The
Company adopted a written related person transaction policy that sets forth the following policies and procedures for the review and approval
or ratification of related person transactions. 

A
 Related Person Transaction is a transaction, arrangement or relationship in which the Company or any of its subsidiaries
was, is or will be a participant, the amount of which involved exceeds 120,000, and in which any related person had, has or will have
a direct or indirect material interest. A related person means: 

any person who is, or at any
time during the applicable period was, one of the Company s officers or one of the Company s directors; 

any person who is known by the
Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of the Company s voting stock; 

74 

any immediate family member
of any of the foregoing persons, which means any child, stepchild, parent, stepparent, spouse, sibling, mother-in-law, father-in-law,
daughter-in-law, brother-in-law or sister-in-law of a director, officer or a beneficial owner of more than 5 of its voting
stock, and any person (other than a tenant or employee) sharing the household of such director, officer or beneficial owner of more than
5 of its voting stock; and 

any firm, corporation or other
entity in which any of the foregoing persons is a partner or principal or in a similar position or in which such person has a 10 or
greater beneficial ownership interest. 

The
Company has policies and procedures designed to minimize potential conflicts of interest arising from any dealings it may have with its
affiliates and to provide appropriate procedures for the disclosure of any real or potential conflicts of interest that may exist from
time to time. Specifically, pursuant to its charter, the audit committee of the Board has the responsibility to review related party transactions. 

Director Independence 

Our
board of directors consists of three members, six of whom qualify as independent within the meaning of the independent director guidelines
of NYSE. 

The
Company s Class A Common Stock is listed on NYSE American. Under the rules of NYSE American, independent directors must comprise
a majority of a listed company s board of directors. In addition, the rules of NYSE American require that, subject to specified
exceptions, each member of a listed company s audit, compensation and nominating and corporate governance committees be independent.
Under the rules of NYSE American, a director will only qualify as an independent director if, in the opinion of that company s
board of directors, that person does not have a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying
out the responsibilities of a director. Audit committee members must also satisfy the additional independence criteria set forth in Rule 10A-3 of
the Exchange Act and the rules of NYSE American. Compensation committee members must also satisfy the additional independence criteria
set forth in Rule 10C-1 under the Exchange Act and the rules of NYSE American. 

We
have undertaken a review of the independence of each director and considered whether each director has a material relationship that could
compromise his or her ability to exercise independent judgment in carrying out his or her responsibilities. As a result of this review,
we have determined that Dr. Khaleghi, Mr. Barnes and Mr. Poole are independent
directors as defined under the listing requirements and rules of NYSE American and the applicable rules of the Exchange Act. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

KPMG LLP KPMG has served
as our independent registered public accounting firm since September 20, 2022 following the Closing of the Business Combination, and as
the independent registered public accounting firm of our predecessor, Legacy FOXO, since November 8, 2021. UHY LLP UHY previously served as Legacy FOXO s independent registered public accounting firm from August 6, 2020 until November 8, 2021. 

The following is a summary
of the fees and services provided by KPMG to FOXO and its predecessor, Legacy FOXO, for fiscal years 2022 and 2021: 

For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 516,187 
 404,365 
 
 Audit-Related Fees (2) 
 704,219 
 15,000 
 
 Total (3) 
 1,220,406 
 419,365 

1. Audit Fees .
Audit fees of 516,187 and 100,000 for KPMG for 2022 and 2021, respectively, were for professional services rendered for the audits
of our financial statements, review of interim financial statements, and services that are normally provided by KPMG in connection with
statutory and regulatory filings or engagements related to periods under their engagement. Audit fees of 304,365 for UHY for 2021 were
for professional services rendered for audits of our financial statements, reviews of interim financial statements, and services that
are normally provided by UHY in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements related to periods under their engagement.. 

2. 
 
 Audit-Related Fees . Audit-related
fees consist of fees billed by KPMG and UHY for assistance with registration statements filed with the SEC and for assurance and related
services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our consolidated financial statements and are not reported
under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultation
concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. Fees of KPMG for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 included
approximately 668,859 and 15,000, respectively, billed in connection with our business combination with Delwinds which closed on September
15, 2022. Fees of UHY for the year ended December 31, 2022 included approximately 35,360 billed in connection with our business combination
with Delwinds which closed on September 15, 2022. 

3. Neither KPMG nor UHY provided any non-audit or other professional
services other than those reported under Audit-Fees and Audit-Related Fees. 

75 

The audit committee meets
with our independent registered public accounting firm at least four times a year. At such times, the audit committee reviews both audit
and non-audit services performed by the independent registered public accounting firm, as well as the fees charged for such services.
The audit committee is responsible for pre-approving all auditing services and non-auditing services (other than non-audit services falling
within the de minimis exception set forth in Section 10A(i)(1)(B) of the Exchange Act and non-audit services that independent auditors
are prohibited from providing to us) in accordance with the following guidelines: (1) pre-approval policies and procedures must be detailed
as to the particular services provided; (2) the audit committee must be informed about each service; and (3) the audit committee may delegate
pre-approval authority to one or more of its members, who shall report to the full committee, but shall not delegate its pre-approval
authority to management. Among other things, the audit committee examines the effect that performance of non-audit services may have upon
the independence of the auditors. 

All of the services provided
by KPMG and UHY since the Closing of the Merger in September 2022, and fees for such services, were pre- approved by the audit committee
in accordance with these standards. 

Change in Accountants 

Grant Thornton 

Effective September 20,
2022, the Company s board of directors dismissed Grant Thornton LLP Grant Thornton ), Delwinds independent
registered public accounting firm prior to the Merger, as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. 

The report of Grant Thornton
on the financial statements of Delwinds as of December 31, 2021 and for the period from April 27, 2020 (inception) through December 31,
2020 did not contain an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion, and was not qualified or modified as to uncertainties, audit scope,
or accounting principles. 

During the period from
April 27, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2021 and subsequent interim period through June 30, 2022, there were no disagreements
(as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act) between Delwinds and Grant Thornton on any matter of accounting
principles or practices, financial disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction
of Grant Thornton, would have caused it to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreements in its reports on Delwinds 
financial statements for such period. 

During the period from
April 27, 2020 (inception) through December 31, 2021 and subsequent interim period through June 30, 2022, there were no reportable
events (as defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act) other than the material weakness in internal
controls identified by management related to the accounting for warrants issued in connection with the initial public offering of Delwinds,
which resulted in the restatement of Delwinds financial statements as set forth in Amendment No. 1 to Delwinds Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, as filed with the SEC on May 17, 2021. 

UHY 

Effective
November 8, 2021, Legacy FOXO s board of directors dismissed UHY, Legacy FOXO s independent registered public accounting firm
prior to KPMG, as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. 

UHY s report on
the consolidated financial statements of Legacy FOXO as of and for the year ended December 31, 2020 contained a separate paragraph stating
that As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations
and negative cash flows from operations that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described
in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, and the subsequent interim period through November 8, , 2021, there were (i) no disagreements, 
as such term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K, with UHY on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial
statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedures, which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction of UHY, would have caused
them to make reference to the subject matter of the disagreements in their report, and (ii) no reportable events, as such
term is defined in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. 

On November 8, 2021, Legacy FOXO engaged KPMG to
audit Legacy FOXO s consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December
31, 2021 and the subsequent interim period through November 8, 2021, Legacy FOXO did not consult with KPMG with respect to (i) the application
of accounting principles to a specified transaction, either completed or proposed or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered
on our financial statements, and neither a written report nor oral advice was provided to Legacy FOXO that KPMG concluded was an important
factor considered by Legacy FOXO in reaching a decision as to any accounting, auditing, or financial reporting issue, or (ii) any other
matter that was the subject of a disagreement or a reportable event (each as defined above). 

76 

Part IV 

Item 15. Exhibits 

(a) (1) Consolidated Financial
Statements: 

The following documents are filed as part of
this Report: 

Consolidated Financial Statements and Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, all of which are set forth on pages F-1 through F-33 of this Report. 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules: 

Financial statement schedules are omitted because
they are not required, not applicable or because the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 

(3) Exhibits: 

Required exhibits are incorporated by reference
or are filed with this Report. 

Item 16. Exhibits
and financial statement schedules. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Included 
 
 Form 

Referenced 
 Exhibit 
 
 Filing 
Date 

2.1+ 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 24, 2022, by and among Delwinds Insurance Acquisition Corp., FOXO Technologies Inc., DWIN Merger Sub Inc., and DIAC Sponsor LLC, in its capacity as Purchaser Representative thereunder. 
 
 By Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 2.1 
 
 March 2, 
2022 

2.2 
 
 Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 26, 2022, by and among Delwinds Insurance Acquisition Corp., FOXO Technologies Inc. and DIAC Sponsor LLC, in its capacity as Purchaser Representative. 
 
 By Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 2.1 
 
 April 27, 
2022 

2.3 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 6, 2022, by and among Delwinds Insurance Acquisition Corp., FOXO Technologies Inc. and DIAC Sponsor LLC, in its capacity as Purchaser Representative. 
 
 By Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 2.1 
 
 July 6, 
2022 

2.4 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 12, 2022, by and among Delwinds Insurance Acquisition Corp., FOXO Technologies Inc. and DIAC Sponsor LLC, in its capacity as Purchaser Representative. 
 
 By Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 2.1 
 
 August 12, 
2022 

2.5 
 
 Merger Agreement, dated January 10, 2023, by and between (i) FOXO Technologies Inc., (ii) FOXO Life Insurance Company (fka Memorial Insurance Company of America), (iii) FOXO Life, LLC and (iv) Security National Life Insurance Company. 
 
 By Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 2.1 
 
 January 12, 
2023 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of FOXO Technologies Inc. 
 
 By Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.1 
 
 September 21, 
2022 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws of FOXO Technologies Inc. 
 
 By Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 3.2 
 
 September 21, 
2022 

77 

4.1 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated December 10, 2020, between Delwinds and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as Warrant Agent. 
 
 By Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.1 
 
 December 16, 
2020 

4.2 
 
 Form of Assumed Warrant. 
 
 By Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.2 
 
 September 21, 
2022 

4.3 
 
 Form of 15 Senior Promissory Note. 
 
 By Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 4.3 
 
 September 21, 
2022 

4.4 
 
 Description of Securities of the Company 
 
 Filed
 Herewith 

10.1 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated December 10, 2020, by and between the Delwinds and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee. 
 
 By Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 December 16, 
2020 

10.2 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 10, 2020, by and among Delwinds and certain security holders. 
 
 By Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 December 16, 
2020 

10.3 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated May 28, 2020, by and between Delwinds and DIAC Sponsor LLC. 
 
 By Reference 
 
 S-1 
 
 10.5 
 
 September 11, 
2020 

10.4 
 
 Form of Backstop Subscription Agreements, dated February 24, 2022, by and between Delwinds and the Subscription investors thereto. 
 
 By Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.6 
 
 March 2, 
2022 

10.5 
 
 FOXO Technologies Inc. 2022 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 By Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.5 
 
 September 21, 
2022 

10.6 
 
 2022 Management Contingent Share Plan (including Notice of Grant) 
 
 By Reference 
 
 S-4/A 
 
 10.9 
 
 August 26, 
2022 

10.7 
 
 FOXO Technologies Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 By Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.7 
 
 September 21, 
2022 

78 

10.8 
 
 Form of FOXO Technologies Inc. 2020 Equity Incentive Plan Award Agreements. 
 
 By Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.8 
 
 September 21, 
2022 

10.9 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 24, 2022, by and between Delwinds and Cantor. 
 
 By Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.4 
 
 March 2, 
2022 

10.10 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of February 24, 2022, by and between Delwinds and Cantor. 
 
 By Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.5 
 
 March 2, 
2022 

10.11 
 
 Form of Lock-Up Agreement, dated as of February 24, 2022, by and among Delwinds, the Purchaser Representative and the stockholders of FOXO party thereto. 
 
 By Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.2 
 
 March 2, 
2022 

10.12 
 
 Form of Voting Agreement, dated as of February 24, 2022, by and among Delwinds, FOXO and the stockholders of FOXO party thereto. 
 
 By Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.1 
 
 March 2, 
2022 

10.13 
 
 Form of Non-Competition Agreement, effective as of February 24, 2022, by and among Delwinds, FOXO and the stockholders of FOXO party thereto. 
 
 By Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.3 
 
 March 2, 
2022 

10.14 
 
 Forward Share Purchase Agreement, dated September 13, 2022, by and between (i) Delwinds, (ii) Meteora Special Opportunity Fund I, LP, a Delaware limited partnership MSOF ), (iii) Meteora Select Trading Opportunities Master, LP, a Cayman Islands limited partnership MSTO and (iv) Meteora Capital Partners, LP, a Delaware limited partnership. 
 
 By Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.14 
 
 September 21, 
2022 

10.15+ 
 
 Form of Revised Backstop Subscription Agreement, dated September 13, 2022. 
 
 By Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.15 
 
 September 21, 
2022 

10.16 
 
 Insider Letter Amendment. 
 
 By Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.16 
 
 September 21, 
2022 

10.17 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement. 
 
 By Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.17 
 
 September 21, 
2022 

10.18+ 
 
 Form of Senior Promissory Note Purchase Agreement. 
 
 By Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.18 
 
 September 21, 
2022 

79 

10.19 
 
 Placement Agency Agreement. 
 
 By Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.19 
 
 September 21, 
2022 

10.20 
 
 Form of Lock-Up Release Agreement. 
 
 By Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 10.20 
 
 September 21, 
2022 

10.21+ 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 25 2021, by and among FOXO Technologies Inc. (now known as FOXO Technologies Operating Company) and purchaser signatories thereto. 
 
 By Reference 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.10 
 
 November 21, 
2022 

10.22 
 
 Employment Agreement of Jon Sabes. 
 
 By Reference 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.11 
 
 November 21, 
2022 

10.23 
 
 Tyler Danielson s Offer Letter. 
 
 By Reference 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.12 
 
 November 21, 
2022 

10.24 
 
 Employment Agreement of Robby Potashnick. 
 
 By Reference 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.13 
 
 November 21, 
2022 

10.25 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement of Brian Chen. 
 
 By Reference 
 
 S-1 
 
 10.25 
 
 December 23, 
2022 

10.26 

Michael Will s Offer Letter. 
 
 By Reference 
 
 10-Q 
 
 10.15 
 
 November 21, 
2022 

10.27 
 
 Employment Agreement of Taylor Fay. 
 
 By Reference 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 10.28 
 
 February 10, 2023 

10.28 
 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement of Taylor Fay. 
 
 By Reference 
 
 S-1/A 
 
 10.29 
 
 February 10, 2023 

80 

14.1 
 
 Code
 of Conduct and Ethics. 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 14.1 
 
 September 21, 
 2022 

16.1 
 
 Letter
 from Grant Thornton LLP to the SEC dated September 21, 2022. 
 
 By
 Reference 
 
 8-K 
 
 16.1 
 
 September 21,
 2022 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries. 
 
 Filed
 Herewith 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on the signature page to this Annual Report on Form 10-K). 
 
 Filed
 Herewith 

31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Filed
 Herewith 

31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Filed
 Herewith 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Filed
 Herewith 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 Filed
 Herewith 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 
 
 Filed
 Herewith 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 Filed
 Herewith 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 Filed
 Herewith 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 Filed
 Herewith 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 Filed
 Herewith 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 

+ 
 The schedules and exhibits to this agreement have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule and/or exhibit will be furnished to the SEC upon request. 

Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not applicable. 

81 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on the 30th day of March, 2023. 

FOXO TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Tyler Danielson 

Tyler Danielson 

Interim Chief Executive Officer 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person
whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Tyler Danielson and Robert Potashnick as their true and lawful attorneys-in-fact
and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to
sign any and all amendments to this Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection
therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agents full power and authority to do
and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes
as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in- fact and agents, or his substitute or substitutes,
may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Tyler Danielson 
 
 Interim Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Tyler Danielson 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Robert Potashnick 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Robert Potashnick 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Andrew J. Poole 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Andrew J. Poole 

/s/ Bret Barnes 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Bret Barnes 

/s/ Murdoc Khaleghi 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Murdoc Khaleghi 

82 

FOXO TECHNOLOGIES INC. 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (KPMGLLP, Minneapolis, MNAuditor FirmID: F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations F-4 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 FOXO Technologies
Inc.: 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets of FOXO Technologies Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements
of operations, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively, the
consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the
years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have
been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Company has suffered continued negative cash flows and losses from operations that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue
as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards
of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s
auditor since 2021. 

March 30, 2023 

F- 2 

FOXO
technologies inc. and subsidiaries 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Supplies 

Prepaid expenses 

Prepaid consulting fees 
 
 -

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Intangible assets 

Reinsurance recoverables 

Cloud computing arrangements 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Related party payable 
 
 -

PIK Notes 
 
 -

Accrued severance 
 
 -

Accrued and other liabilities 

Related party convertible debentures 
 -

Convertible debentures 
 -

Total current liabilities 

Warrant liability 
 
 -

PIK Notes 
 
 -

Policy reserves 

Other liabilities 
 
 -

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) 

Stockholders equity (deficit) 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, none issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 -
 
 -

Class A common stock, par value, shares authorized, issued, and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 
 -

Treasury stock, at cost, as of December 31, 2022 
 -
 
 -

Undesignated preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, none issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 
 -
 
 -

Non-redeemable preferred stock series A, par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 
 -

Common stock class A, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 
 -
 
 -

Common stock class B, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2021 
 -
 
 -

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity (deficit) 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements 

F- 3 

Foxo
Technologies INc. and subsidiaries 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Total revenue 

Cost of sales 
 
 -

Gross profit 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

Management contingent share plan 
 
 -

Selling, general and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Non-cash change in fair value of convertible debentures 

Change in fair value of warrant liability 
 
 -

Forward purchase agreement expense 
 
 -

Interest expense 

Investment impairment 
 -

Other expense 

Total non-operating expense 

Loss before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 
 -
 
 -

Net loss 

Net loss per Class A common stock, basic and diluted

See
accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 4 

FOXO
TECHNOLOGIES INC. and subsidiaries 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

(Dollars
in thousands) 

FOXO
 Technologies Operating Company 
 FOXO
 Technologies Inc. 

Stockholder
 Subscription 
 Series
 A Preferred Stock 
 Common
 Stock (Class A) 
 Common
 Stock (Class B) 
 Common
 Stock (Class A) 
 Treasury
 Stock 
 Additional
 Paid-in- 
 Accumulated 

Receivable 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Lease contributions 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Equity-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Subscriptions received 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Warrants issued 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of shares for restricted stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance of shares for exercised stock options 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 
 - 
 8,000,000 
 21,854 
 30,208 
 - 
 2,000,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 4,902 
 (51,976 
 (25,220 

Balance, December 31, 2021 
 - 

- 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Activity prior to the business combination: 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Lease contributions 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Equity-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Warrant repurchase 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Issuance of shares for exercised stock options 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Issuance of shares for consulting agreement 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Effects of the business combination: 

- 

- 
 
 Conversion of Series A Preferred Stock 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Conversion of Bridge Loans 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Conversion of Class B Common Stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Conversion of existing Class A Common Stock 

- 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

- 

Reverse recapitalization 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Activity after the business combination: 

- 
 
 Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Equity-based compensation 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 
 
 - 

Cantor Commitment Fee 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Vendor share issuance 

- 
 - 

Share repurchase and forward purchase agreement settlement 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Balance, December 31, 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

F- 5 

FOXO
TECHNOLOGIES INC. and subsidiaries 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Impairment charges 

Equity-based compensation 

Cantor commitment fee paid in common stock 
 
 -

Loss on settlement of the forward purchase agreement paid in common stock 
 
 -

Release of forward purchase agreement collateral upon cancellation 
 
 -

Vendor share issuance paid in common stock 
 
 -

Amortization of consulting fees paid in common stock 
 
 -

Change in fair value of convertible debentures 

Change in fair value of warrants 
 
 -

Conversion of accrued interest 
 
 -

PIK interest 
 
 -

Amortization of debt issuance costs 
 
 -

Contributions in the form of rent payments 

Amortization of right-of-use assets 
 
 -

Accretion of operating lease liabilities 
 
 -

Recognition of prepaid offering costs upon election of fair value option 
 
 -

Accretion of interest earned on investment in convertible promissory note 
 -

Other 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Supplies 

Prepaid expenses and consulting fees 

Other current assets 

Other assets 
 
 -

Cloud computing arrangements 

Reinsurance recoverables 

Accounts payable 

Accrued and other liabilities 

Policy reserves 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Asset acquisition, net of cash acquired 
 -

Development of internal use software 

Acquisition of convertible promissory note 
 -

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from issuance of related party convertible debentures 
 -

Proceeds from issuance of convertible debentures 

Warrant repurchase 
 
 -

Senior PIK Notes proceeds 
 
 -

Reverse recapitalization proceeds 
 
 -

Forward purchase agreement 
 
 -

Forward purchase agreement collateral release 
 
 -

Deferred offering costs 

Related party promissory note 
 
 -

Proceeds received from stockholder subscription receivable 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

NONCASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Conversion of phantom equity to stock options 
 -

Issuance of warrants 
 -

Conversion of debt 
 
 -

Conversion of preferred stock 
 
 -

Accrued internal use software 
 
 -

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid for interest, net of amounts capitalized 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements 

F- 6 

Foxo
technologies inc. and subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

in shares of
the Company s Class A common stock (the Class A Common Stock until the first day of the next month following the
36-month anniversary of when the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC has declared effective a registration statement
covering the resale of such shares of Class A Common Stock or until the date on which the facility has been fully utilized, if earlier.
The ELOC Agreement was subsequently cancelled. See Note 7 for additional information. 

of the issued and outstanding FOXO Technologies Operating Company Class A common stock (the
 FOXO Class A Common Stock in exchange for equity consideration in the form of the Company s Class A Common Stock,
(ii) acquired of the issued and outstanding shares of FOXO Technologies Operating Company Class B common stock (the FOXO Class
B Common Stock in exchange for equity consideration in the form of the Company s Class A Common Stock. 

F- 7 

Foxo
technologies inc. and subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock, (2) all FOXO options and FOXO warrants outstanding immediately before
the Closing Assumed Options and Assumed Warrants , as applicable) were assumed and converted, subject to adjustment
pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, into options and warrants, respectively, of the Company, exercisable for share of the Company s
Class A Common Stock and (3) other than the Assumed Options and Assumed Warrants, all other convertible securities and other rights to
purchase capital stock of FOXO Technologies Operating Company were retired and terminated, if they were not converted, exchanged or exercised
for FOXO Technologies Operating Company stock immediately prior the Closing. 

. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had an accumulated deficit of . Cash used
in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was . As of December 31, 2022, the Company had of available cash
and cash equivalents, excluding amounts required to be held as statutory capital and surplus by FOXO Life Insurance Company. See Note
13 for additional information on the statutory capital and surplus held at FOXO Life Insurance Company. 

that has subsequently converted to equity. The Company also completed its transaction with Delwinds that was initially intended to provide
up to of capital to the Company. The ELOC Agreement, a backstop agreement, and Forward Purchase Agreement were also part of the
Business Combination and were intended to provide capital. Ultimately, the series of transactions associated with the Business Combination
did not result in any net proceeds for the Company. Additionally, we are unlikely to receive proceeds from the exercise of outstanding
warrants as a result of the difference between our current trading price of the Company s Class A Common Stock and the exercise
price of the various warrants. 

F- 8 

Foxo
technologies inc. and subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

F- 9 

Foxo
technologies inc. and subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

related to one of its investments as a result of the investee s lack
of success in raising additional capital along with its financial condition. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying value of the
investments was and recorded as other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 

F- 10 

Foxo
technologies inc. and subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

recorded with recorded within other current assets and within other assets in the consolidated balance sheet. The contract
asset relates to epigenetic biomarker services and the Company should receive payments in July 2023 and July 2024 to settle the balance.
The Company has satisfied its performance obligations for this service and has no other contract assets or liabilities related to revenue
arrangements or transactions in the periods presented. 

-

Epigenetic biomarker royalties 

Life insurance commissions 

Total revenue 

F- 11 

Foxo
technologies inc. and subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

to in exchange for eliminating a purchase commitment where the
Company was previously required to purchase mouse methylation arrays from Illumina. 

of commissions
earned from the initial life insurance placement on the effective date of the underlying insurance contract. The amount of revenue recognized
is based on costs to provide services up and through that effective date, including an appropriate estimate of profit margin on a portfolio
basis (a practical expedient as defined in ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ). Based on the proportion of additional
services provided in each period after the effective date of the insurance contract, including an appropriate estimate of profit margin,
the Company recognizes approximately of commission and fee revenues in the first three months, and the remaining thereafter.
These periods may be different than the underlying premium payment patterns of the insurance contracts, but the vast majority of services
are fully provided within one year of the insurance contract effective date. 

F- 12 

Foxo
technologies inc. and subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

coinsurance agreement
with the seller of MICOA, Security National Life Insurance Company. The amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets as reinsurance
recoverables include amounts billed to reinsurers on losses paid as well as estimates of amounts expected to be recovered from reinsurers
on insurance liabilities that have not yet been paid. Reinsurance recoverables on unpaid losses are estimated based upon assumptions consistent
with those used in establishing the liabilities related to the underlying reinsured contracts. Insurance liabilities are reported gross
of reinsurance recoverables. Management believes reinsurance recoverables are appropriately established. Reinsurance premiums are reflected
in income in a manner consistent with the recognition of premiums on the reinsured contracts. Reinsurance does not extinguish the Company s
primary liability under the policies written. The Company regularly evaluates the financial condition of the reinsurer and establishes
allowances for uncollectible reinsurance recoverables as appropriate. 

F- 13 

Foxo
technologies inc. and subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Longevity pipeline 

Underwriting API 

Longevity API 
 
 -

Intangible assets 

. The Company determined the asset
was fully impaired upon entering a letter of intent to sell the FOXO Life Insurance Company as the costs to sell the insurance license
was greater than the carrying value. The impairment charge has been recorded in the FOXO Life reportable segment and within selling, general
and administrative expenses. 

Health study tool 
 -

Cloud computing arrangements 

F- 14 

Foxo
technologies inc. and subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

as selling, general and administrative expenses and within corporate and other consistent
with the Company s technology costs. 

Senior PIK Notes 

Senior PIK Notes (the Senior
PIK Notes in the aggregate principal amount of . The Company received net proceeds of , after deducting fees and expenses
of . 

per
annum, paid in arrears quarterly by payment in kind through the issuance of additional Senior PIK Notes PIK Interest ).
The Senior PIK Notes mature on April 1, 2024 (the Maturity Date ). Commencing on November 1, 2023, the Company is required
to pay the holders of the Senior PIK Notes and on each one month anniversary thereof an equal amount until the outstanding principal balance
has been paid in full on the Maturity Date. If the Senior PIK Notes are prepaid in the first year, the Company is required to pay the
holders the outstanding principal balance, excluding any increases as a result of PIK Interest, multiplied by . 

as current liabilities
based on the monthly installments with the remainder shown as long-term liabilities. As of December 31, 2022 the Company recognized 
of contractual interest expense on the PIK Notes and related to the amortization of debt issuance costs on the PIK Notes. 

Original Issue Discount OID Convertible Debentures for in aggregate principal 2021 Bridge Debentures ). The Company received net proceeds of from the sale of the 2021 Bridge Debentures, after
an OID of and deducting fees and expenses of . The 2021 Bridge Debentures were executed in three tranches, with in aggregate
principal issued on January 25, 2021, in aggregate principal issued on February 23, 2021, and in aggregate principal issued
on March 4, 2021. Convertible debentures for in aggregate principal that were issued on January 25, 2021 to the Company s
former Chief Executive Officer, former Chief Operating Officer, and to an individual who provides consulting services to the Company were
presented as related party debt. 

shares, after giving effect to the conversion of FOXO Class A
Common Stock to the Company s Class A Common Stock. Additional detachable warrants were issued to the underwriter of the issuance
of the 2021 Bridge Debentures. The Company concluded the detachable warrants represent freestanding equity-linked financial instruments
to be recorded at their fair value on each respective issuance date. The fair value of the detachable warrants was determined using a
Black-Scholes valuation model. The additional underwriter warrants were subsequently assigned and surrendered to the Company in exchange
for cash payments of approximately during the second quarter of 2022. 

per annum and require interest only payments on a quarterly basis. The 2021 Bridge Debentures initially had a term of twelve
months, but the Company retained the right to extend the maturity date for each issuance for an additional three-month period, a right
which was exercised for each issuance during the first quarter of 2022. At that time, the Company entered into an amendment with the 2021
Bridge Investors (the 2021 Bridge Amendment ). 

F- 15 

Foxo
technologies inc. and subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

OID Convertible Debentures for in aggregate principal 2022 Bridge Debentures ).

per annum, of which 12 months was guaranteed. The Company
retained the right to extend the maturity date for each issuance for an additional three-month period and incur an extension amount rate
of of the outstanding balance. The Company also had the option to prepay the 2022 Bridge Debentures at an amount equal to of
the sum of the outstanding principal and unpaid interest thereon if done within 365 days of the original issue date and if during
the extension period. 

shares of Class A Common Stock. Pursuant to the
terms of the Bridge Investor Side Letter, the institutional investor was issued shares of FOXO Class A Common Stock which were
then exchanged for shares of Class A Common Stock. 

on the 2021 Bridge Debentures, comprised of for related party holders and 
for nonrelated party holders. The contractual interest expense on the 2022 Bridge Debentures was included in the fair value of the debt
since the amount was known at the time of each issuance. The contractual interest on the 2022 Bridge Debentures as well as for the accrued
and unpaid interest on the 2021 Bridge Debentures converted to shares of FOXO Class A Common Stock and subsequently exchanged for the
Company s Class A Common Stock as part of the Business Combination. 

, which represented per share of Delwinds Class
A common stock that was not redeemed in connection with the extension of the SPAC s termination date from June 15, 2022 to September
15, 2022. 
The outstanding balance on the promissory note eliminated upon consolidation with the Closing of the Business Combination. 

F- 16 

Foxo
technologies inc. and subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

was remaining due to the Sponsor and is shown as a related party payable in the consolidated balance sheet. 

, over which the Consultant is to provide services that include,
but are not limited to, advisory services relating to the implementation and completion of the Business Combination. Following the execution
of the agreement, as compensation for such services to be rendered as well as related expenses over the term of the contract, the Consultant
was paid a cash fee of . The consulting agreement also calls for the payment of an equity fee as compensation for such services.
The Company issued shares of legacy FOXO Class A Common Stock to the Consultant during the second quarter of 2022 to satisfy
the equity fee that converted into shares of Class A Common Stock. The Company has determined that all compensation costs related
to the consulting agreement, including both cash fees and the equity fee, represent remuneration for services to be rendered evenly over
the contract term. Thus, all such costs were initially recorded at fair value as prepaid consulting fees in the consolidated balance sheet
and are being recognized as selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations on a straight-line
basis over the term of the contract. For the year ended December 31, 2022, in expenses were recognized related to the consulting
agreement. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Additionally, Dr. Khaleghi received 
shares under the Management Contingent Share Plan related to his service under the Contractor Agreement with the Company recognizing 
of expense during the year ended December 31, 2022. During the fourth quarter of 2022, Dr. Khaleghi and the Company paused services and
payments under this arrangement. 

per share, to shares, consisting of (i) 
shares of Class A Common Stock and (ii) shares of preferred stock. 

shares of Class B Common Stock were converted, on a one-to-one basis, into shares of Class A Common Stock, and as of the closing
of the Business Combination there were no shares of Class B Common Stock issued or outstanding. 

in shares of Class A Common Stock for a period
until the first day of the month next following the 36-month anniversary of when the SEC has declared effective a registration statement
covering the resale of such share of Class A Common Stock or until the date on which the facility has been fully utilized, if earlier.
The ELOC Agreement provided for a commitment fee (the Cantor Commitment Fee payable to the Cantor Investor at Closing for
its irrevocable commitment to purchase shares of Class A Common Stock upon the terms and conditions of the ELOC Agreement. The Cantor
Commitment Fee was paid by the issuance of shares of Class A Common Stock and is recorded in selling, general and administrative
expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. 

F- 17 

Foxo
technologies inc. and subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

shares of preferred stock with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined
from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2022, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or
outstanding. 

common stock warrants
in connection with Delwinds initial public offering (the IPO (the Public Warrants ). Simultaneously
with the closing of the IPO, Delwinds consummated the private placement of common stock warrants (the Private Placement
Warrants ). 

share of Class A Common Stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment. The Public Warrants
become exercisable 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination. The Public Warrants will expire after the completion
of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

F- 18 

Foxo
technologies inc. and subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

shares of the Company s
Class A Common Stock. Each Assumed Warrant entitles the holder to purchase share of Class A Common Stock at a price of per share,
subject to adjustment. The Assumed Warrants are exercisable over a three-year period from the date of issuance. The Assumed Warrants include
a down round provision that should the Company issues common stock for a consideration of less than 6.21 per share then the exercise
price shall be lowered to the new consideration amount on a per share basis with a simultaneous and corresponding increase to the number
of warrants. 

shares in connection with the agreement. 

shares, subject to equitable adjustment for shares splits, share dividends, combinations,
recapitalizations and the like after the Closing, including to account for any equity securities into which such shares are
exchanged or converted. 

F- 19 

Foxo
technologies inc. and subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

of expense related to the vesting of the
Management Contingent Share Plan based on the fair value at grant date of per share. 

of the expense recognized on the Management Contingent Share Plan relates to the service-based
conditions that no longer applied to the former CEO and is subject to forfeiture pending conclusion of the Board of Director s (the
 Board review. See Note 15 for additional information on the former CEO. 

F- 20 

Foxo
technologies inc. and subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Forfeited 

End of year 

Vested 

. 

shares of FOXO
Class A Common Stock. At Closing, the Combined Company assumed the stock options granted pursuant to the 2020 Plan to purchase FOXO Class
A Common Stock and exchanged such stock options to purchase shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock at a weighted-average
exercise price of approximately per share. All remaining terms of the Assumed Options were unchanged. All share or option figures
that follow are shown on a post-Business Combination basis. All future equity-based compensation will be through the 2022 Plan. 

stock options and shares of restricted stock outstanding. Stock options under the 2020 Plan issued during the year ended December
31, 2021 were issued (i) as a replacement for outstanding phantom share rights and previously cancelled profits interests, (ii) as a bonus
for periods prior to the issuance of stock options, (iii) as part of the Company s regular review cycle that occurs twice annually,
and (iv) as other incentives. Stock options issued in the year ended December 31, 2021 were primarily granted in April and August of 2021.
In the first quarter of 2022, additional stock options were issued primarily as part of the Company s regular review cycle
as well as to form the Company s Scientific Advisory Board. Upon execution of the April 2021 stock option agreements, the Company
no longer had outstanding phantom share rights. The deferred compensation liability of associated with the phantom share rights was
reclassified to additional paid-in capital in the consolidated balance sheets as the options are equity classified in accordance with
accounting standards codification guidance. 

F- 21 

Foxo
technologies inc. and subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

-year term, and an exercise price of or on a post Business Combination basis. For the issuance
of options related to prior periods, the vesting period is considered to have started when the Company and option holder had a mutual
understanding that an award was to be issued; however, the grant date and fair value are based on (i) when there is a mutual understanding
of key terms, (ii) the Company is contingently obligated to issue the options, and (iii) the option holder begins to benefit or be adversely
impacted by changes in the Company s stock price. Accordingly, the Company has determined the date the stock option agreements were
executed to be the grant date for these options and the date on which to measure the awards at fair value. The attribution of expense
for the stock options is recognized from the grant date over the remaining service period while considering the portion of stock compensation
expense that is legally vested. The Company accounts for forfeitures as they occur. At the first vesting period, the Company recognized
stock compensation expense so that stock compensation expense equaled the vested portion of stock options. The remaining expense is recognized
over the service period. 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

End of year 

-

Exercisable at end of year 

-

Expected volatility 

Risk-free interest rate 

Expected dividend yield 

Per-share weighted average grant date fair value 

years while the remaining stock options were primarily estimated to have a term of years. 

Selling, general and administrative 

Total equity based compensation expense 

with the
remaining expense recognized within selling, general and administrative expense. 

F- 22 

Foxo
technologies inc. and subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

of total
unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options that is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 
years and of total unrecognized compensation cost related to the Management Contingent Share Plan. Of the total unrecognized compensation
related to the Management Contingent Share Plan, relates to performance obligations that have been met and the expense is expected
to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. The remaining unrecognized compensation for the Management Contingent Share
Plan relates to performance obligations that are not yet probable of being met. As such, the weighted-average period depends on the timing
of when performance obligations are probably of being met. 

shares of Class A Common Stock (the Meteora Shares in connection
with the Business Combination. Meteora has the right to sell the Meteora Shares in the open market
and on the fifteen (15) month anniversary of the Closing of the Business Combination (the Put Date may obligate the Company
to purchase the shares, as described below, from Meteora should any not have been sold in the open market. 

, based on the Meteora
Shares and the corresponding redemption price from the Business Combination, was deposited into escrow by the Company (the Prepayment
Amount ). There are a few scenarios in which the Forward Purchase Agreement
can be settled either before or on the Put Date: 

of a reset price (the Reset Price will be released from the Escrow Account and paid to the Company (the Open Market Sale Payment ), and an amount equal to
the product of (a) the portion of the Meteora Shares that Meteora sells in the open market and (b) the difference between the (i) the
per share escrow amount and (ii) the Open Market Sale Payment, will be released from the Escrow Account to Meteora. The Reset Price shall
initially be and, thereafter, shall be subject to weekly adjustments during the term of the Forward Purchase Agreement based on
the then current Reset Price and volume weighted average trading prices VWAP of the Company s Class A Common Stock
for the immediately preceding week. 

per Meteora Share sold to the Company and the number of days between the closing of the Business Combination and the Put Date
divided by 30 days. 

per share during any 20 of 30 consecutive
trading days, b) if the Forward Purchase Agreement is early terminated, or c) if the Company s Class A Common Stock is delisted
from a national exchange. If the Put Date is accelerated, the Company would follow the maturity consideration described above. 

F- 23 

Foxo
technologies inc. and subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

shares which approximated
the value of the maturity consideration formula described above. The Forward Share Purchase Agreement was subsequently cancelled on November
10, 2022. The cancellation of the Forward Share Purchase Agreement resulted in (i) the removal of the forward purchase put derivative
and forward purchase collateral derivative from the Company s balance sheet, (ii) the recognition of an additional of expense
based on the fair value of the Company s Class A Common Stock retained by Meteora for the maturity consideration, (iii) and the
shares purchased from Meteora became treasury stock with a corresponding reduction to additional paid-in capital based on the fair market
value of the shares at cancellation. The Company recorded expenses related to the Forward Share Purchase Agreement are recorded within
Forward purchase agreement expense in the consolidated statements of operations and consists of the maturity consideration that settled
the forward purchase put derivative, the amounts released from escrow to Meteora as a result of open market sales, and the settlement
of the forward purchase collateral derivative. 

Management Contingent Shares outstanding and not vested as of December 31, 2022 from the
computation of basic net loss per share for the year ended December 31, 2022, as the conditions to trigger the vesting of the Management
Contingent Shares had not been satisfied as of December 31, 2022. Shares under the Management Contingent Share Plan that are under review
to the former CEO are included in net loss per share. See Note 15 for additional information. 

Basic and diluted weighted average number of Class A Common Stock

Basic and diluted net loss available to Class A Common Stock

2021 Bridge Debentures 
 -

Public and private warrants 
 
 -

Assumed warrants 

Assumed options 

Total antidilutive shares 

F- 24 

Foxo
technologies inc. and subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

- 
 
 Total liabilities 

- 

-
 
 -

Total liabilities 
 
 -
 
 -

F- 25 

Foxo
technologies inc. and subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

was used as an input to the fair value measurement. None of the change in fair value for the
was deemed to be attributable to instrument-specific credit risk and thus the full amount of such change was recognized in the consolidated
statements of operations. 

and shares of FOXO Technologies Operating Company Class A common stock, respectively
and fair value measurements were no longer performed as the debt was no longer outstanding. For further details on this conversion, stockholders 
equity of the Combined Company, and the Business Combination, refer to Notes 1, 3, 5, and 7. None of the change in estimated fair value
of the Bridge Debentures from December 31, 2021 to conversion was deemed to be attributable to instrument-specific credit risk and thus
the full amount of such change was recognized in the consolidated statements of operations. 

Losses included in Net Income 
 -

Balance, December 31, 2021 
 -

Debt Issuance 
 
 -

Losses included in Net Income 

Balance at Conversion 

Transfer out 

Balance, December 31, 2022 
 -
 
 -
 
 - 

Deferred provision - state 

Net change to valuation allowance 

Total provision for income taxes 
 -
 
 -

F- 26 

Foxo
technologies inc. and subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

State taxes, net of federal benefit 

Fair value adjustments on convertible debentures 

Forward purchase agreement 
 
 -

Other 

Valuation allowance 

Effective tax rate 
 -
 
 -

Net operating loss carryforwards 

Capitalized software 
 
 -

Property and equipment 

Issuance fees on convertible debentures 
 -

Gross deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax asset 
 -
 
 -

, which can be offset against future taxable income. Of this federal net loss carryforward,
 in losses will begin to expire in 2036 and in losses can be carried forward indefinitely. As of December 31, 2022, the
Company had net accumulated state losses for tax purposes of , which will begin to expire in 2033. Net operating losses are not
limited by Internal Revenue Code Section 382 limits. An analysis of the potential limitation has not been completed at this time. 

, which included an indefinite-lived insurance license intangible asset recorded at a fair value of and cash
of . The Company fair valued reinsurance recoverables and policy reserves as part of the acquisition. 

F- 27 

Foxo
technologies inc. and subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

remains with MICOA post-acquisition. As part of the transaction, the former owners of MICOA continue to administer and reinsure
all policies outstanding as of the acquisition date. The Company has not issued any new insurance policies since the acquisition and all
premiums, reinsurance recoverables, and policy reserves relate to the reinsured business. For ceded reinsurance transactions, the
Company remains liable in the event the reinsuring company is unable to meet its obligations under the reinsurance agreement. Further,
the reinsurer is required to maintain accreditation from all applicable state insurance regulators so the Company may obtain full credit
for the reinsurance agreement. If the reinsurer is unable to meet this obligation, they are required to compensate the Company so that
the Company can take full credit for the reinsurance. As of December 31, 2021, the Company has determined there is a remote probability
the reinsurer would fail to meet its obligations and any allowance would be immaterial. The policy reserves of and for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively on the consolidated balance sheets represent the benefits and claims reserves
ceded as part of the acquisition. Additionally, the consolidated statements of operations includes both of earned and ceded premiums
as well as of claims incurred and ceded for the year ended December 31, 2022 and of earned and ceded premiums as well as 
of claims incurred and ceded for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

and a
risk-based capital ratio of or greater. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, FOXO Life Insurance Company had statutory capital and surplus
of at least , which included of cash maintained in a trust account at First Horizon Advisors, as required by the State of Arkansas,
with the remaining amount of additional statutory capital and surplus held in cash and cash equivalents. The statutory capital and surplus
for FOXO Life Insurance Company exceeded the minimum risk-based capital requirements for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

reinsured by the seller,
Security National Life Insurance Company. The operations of FOXO Life Insurance Company are included in the Company s consolidated
financial statements from the acquisition date in accordance with U.S. GAAP. FOXO Life Insurance Company had a statutory net loss of 
and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had an authorized control
level of and , respectively. 

and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively. 

Deposits received 

Interest credited 

Withdrawals 

Balance at end of period 

F- 28 

Foxo
technologies inc. and subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

FOXO Life 

Corporate and other (a) 

Interest expense 

Total 

, depreciation and amortization expense of , change in fair
value of convertible debentures and warrant liability expense of , for impairment charge and of other non-operating
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022. Additionally, the year ended December 31, 2022 included. For the year ended December 31,
2021 corporate and other included stock-based compensation, depreciation, changes in fair value of the convertible debentures and investment
impairment of , , , and respectively. See Notes 5, 6, 7, 9 and 11 for additional information. 

unit purchase commitment
for supplies of which remain outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Additionally, in the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company made
a commitment for sample processing within one year from the order. Collectively, the Company has a commitment of remaining in
the coming year related to these commitments. 

F- 29 

Foxo
technologies inc. and subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Original Issue Discount Convertible Debenture, due February 23, 2022, and Warrant to purchase shares
of FOXO common stock until February 23, 2024 (collectively, including any amendment or other document entered into in connection therewith,
the Financing Documents ), (ii) the Company and Mr. Sabes were unjustly enriched as a result of their alleged actions and
omissions in connection with the Financing Documents, and (iii) the Company and Mr. Sabes made materially false statements or omitted
material information in connection with the Financing Documents. The complaint claims damages in excess of a minimum of on each
of the three causes of action, plus attorneys fees and costs. 

F- 30 

Foxo
technologies inc. and subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

of severance and related expense is recorded within accrued severance and the remaining recorded within other liabilities on
the consolidated balance sheets. The corresponding expense is recognized within selling, general and administrative expense on the consolidated
statements of operations. The Company recognized of expense related to the Management Contingent Share Plan. 

shares issued as part of the
Management Contingent Share Plan in accordance with the severance agreement. 

The research study associated with this arrangement is on hold and the Company will not
be required to make payments until it resumes and milestones are met. See Note 4 for additional information related to the health study
tool. 

F- 31 

Foxo
technologies inc. and subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

under the two-year term of the agreement. The Company recognized and in sponsored research expenses
related to this agreement during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These amounts are recorded within research
and development expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 

over a two-year period, commencing February 1, 2021. The Company recognized and in sponsored
research expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These amounts are recorded within research and
development expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 

each. Cost sharing reimbursements received from the life insurance
carrier and reinsurer have been recorded within parallel run advance in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and are
being recognized as contra expenses in the consolidated statement of operations as the Company incurs costs related to the agreement. 

F- 32 

Foxo
technologies inc. and subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

, as
of the Closing Date, minus (the Merger Consideration ). Pursuant to the transaction, at the closing, the Company paid
the Buyer s third-party out-of-pocket costs and expenses of . After the Merger Consideration and Buyer s third party expenses,
the transaction resulted in the Company gaining access to that was previously held as statutory capital and surplus pursuant to
the Arkansas Code. 

F-33 

<EX-4.4>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-4_foxotech.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY

Exhibit 4.4 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES
OF THE COMPANY 

The
following summary of the material terms of the Company s securities following the Business Combination is not intended to be a complete
summary of the rights and preferences of such securities. We urge you to read the Charter and Company Bylaws in their entirety for a complete
description of the rights and preferences of our securities. 

General 

Our
Charter s authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 500,000,000 shares of Class A Common Stock and 10,000,000 shares
of undesignated preferred stock. 

As
of March 21, 2023 the Company has 29,558,830 shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding. 

Class A Common Stock 

Voting Rights 

Holders
of shares of Class A Common Stock will be entitled to one vote for each share of Class A Common Stock held on all matters submitted to
a vote of stockholders. 

The
Company has not provided for cumulative voting for the election of directors in the Charter. Accordingly, holders of at least a majority
of the voting power of then-outstanding shares of the Class A Common Stock entitled to vote in the election of directors, voting
together as a single class, will be able to elect all of the Company s directors. 

Dividend Rights 

Subject
to preferences that may apply to any shares of convertible preferred stock outstanding at the time, the holders of shares of the Class
A Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends out of funds legally available if the Board, in its discretion, determines to issue dividends
and then only at the times and in the amounts that the Board may determine. Stock dividends with respect to each class of our common stock
may only be paid with shares of stock of the same class of common stock. 

No Preemptive or
Similar Rights 

The
Class A Common Stock is not entitled to preemptive rights, and is not subject to redemption or sinking fund provisions. 

Right to Receive
Liquidation Distributions 

Upon
the Company s liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the assets legally available for distribution to the Company stockholders
would be distributed among the holders of the then outstanding Common Stock pro rata in accordance with the number of shares of Common
Stock held by each such holder, subject to prior satisfaction of all outstanding debt and liabilities and the preferential rights of and
the payment of liquidation preferences, if any, on any outstanding shares of preferred stock. 

Preferred Stock 

The
Charter provides that shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors will be
authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special
rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors will
be able to, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could have anti-takeover effects.
The ability of our board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring
or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preferred stock outstanding at the date hereof.
Although we do not currently intend to issue any shares of preferred stock, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future.
No shares of preferred stock were issued or registered in the Business Combination. 

Warrants 

Public Warrants 

Each
Public Warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to
adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing 30 days after the Closing provided that we have an effective registration statement
under the Securities Act covering our Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus
relating to such our Class A Common Stock is available (or we permit holders to exercise their respective warrants on a cashless
basis under the circumstances specified in the Warrant Agreement) and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration
under the securities, or blue sky laws of the state of residence of the holder. . The Public Warrants will expire five years
after the Closing of the Business Combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

We
may call the warrants for redemption: 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon not less than 30 days 
prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the reported
last sale price of the Class A Common Stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three business days before
we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

If
and when the Public Warrants become redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares of common stock
upon exercise of the warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to
effect such registration or qualification. 

We
have established the last of the redemption criteria discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call
a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of
the Public Warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the
price of the Class A Common Stock may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) as well as the 11.50 warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 

If
we call the Public Warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to
exercise its warrant to do so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants
on a cashless basis, our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are
outstanding and the dilutive effect on our stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon
the exercise of our warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, all holders of Public Warrants would pay the exercise
price by surrendering their warrants for that number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the
product of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price
of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value 
shall mean the average reported last sale price of the Class A Common Stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading
day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. If our management takes advantage of this
option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of shares of Class A Common Stock to be
received upon exercise of the Public Warrants, including the fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise
in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. We believe
this feature is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the warrants after the Closing. If we call
our Public Warrants for redemption and our management does not take advantage of this option, the members of the Sponsor would still be
entitled to exercise their Private Warrants for cash or on a cashless basis using the same formula described above that other warrant
holders would have been required to use had all warrant holders been required to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, as described
in more detail below. 

2 

In
the event the Company determines to redeem the Public Warrants, holders of our redeemable warrants would be notified of such redemption
as described in our warrant agreement. Specifically, in the event that the Company elects to redeem all of the redeemable warrants as
described above, the Company will fix a date for the redemption (the Redemption Date ). Notice of redemption will
be mailed by first class mail, postage prepaid, by the Company not less than 30 days prior to the Redemption Date to the registered holders
of the redeemable warrants to be redeemed at their last addresses as they appear on the registration books. Any notice mailed in the manner
provided in the warrant agreement will be conclusively presumed to have been duly given whether or not the registered holder received
such notice. In addition, beneficial owners of the redeemable warrants will be notified of such redemption via the Company s posting
of the redemption notice to DTC. 

A
holder of a Public Warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have
the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s
affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (or such other amount as
a holder may specify) of the shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

If
the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of Class A Common Stock, or
by a split-up of shares of Class A Common Stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such stock dividend, split-up or
similar event, the number of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable on exercise of each Public Warrant will be increased in proportion
to such increase in the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock. A rights offering to holders of Class A Common Stock entitling holders
to purchase shares of Class A Common Stock at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a stock dividend of a number of shares
of Class A Common Stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Class A Common Stock actually sold in such rights offering
(or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A Common
Stock) and (ii) one (1) minus the quotient of (x) the price per share of the Company Class A Common Stock paid in such
rights offering divided by (y) the fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible
into or exercisable for Class A Common Stock, in determining the price payable for Class A Common Stock, there will be taken into account
any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair market
value means the volume weighted average price of Class A Common Stock as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on
the trading day prior to the first date on which the shares of Class A Common Stock trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable
market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 

In
addition, if we, at any time while the Public Warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities
or other assets to the holders of Class A Common Stock on account of such shares of Class A Common Stock (or other shares of our capital
stock into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) certain ordinary cash dividends, and
(c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A Common Stock in connection with the Closing of the Business Combination,
by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each share of Class A Common Stock in respect
of such event. 

If
the number of outstanding shares of our Class A Common Stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification
of shares of Class A Common Stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock
split, reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of Class A Common Stock issuable on exercise of each Public Warrant will
be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock. 

Whenever
the number of shares of Class A Common Stock purchasable upon the exercise of the Public Warrants is adjusted, as described above, the
warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the
numerator of which will be the number of shares of Class A Common Stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior
to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of Class A Common Stock so purchasable immediately
thereafter. 

3 

In
case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock (other than those described above or
that solely affects the par value of such shares of Class A Common Stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or
into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in
any reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to
another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with
which we are dissolved, the holders of the Public Warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and
upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the shares of our Class A Common Stock immediately theretofore
purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities
or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following
any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised that person s warrants
immediately prior to such event. If less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of Class A Common Stock in such a transaction
is payable in the form of Class A Common Stock in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or
is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event,
and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such
transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based on per share consideration minus the
Black-Scholes warrant value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is
to provide additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants
pursuant to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the warrants in order to determine
and realize the option value component of the warrant. This formula is to compensate the warrant holder for the loss of the option value
portion of the warrant due to the requirement that the warrant holder exercise the warrant within 30 days of the event. The Black-Scholes model
is an accepted pricing model for estimating fair market value where no quoted market price for an instrument is available. 

The
Public Warrants and the Private Warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer 
Trust Company, as warrant agent, and our predecessor, Delwinds. You should review a copy of the warrant agreement, which has been publicly
filed with the SEC and which you can find in the list of exhibits to this registration statement, for a complete description of the terms
and conditions applicable to the warrants. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent
of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority
of the then issued and outstanding Public Warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of
Public Warrants. 

The
Public Warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant
agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full
payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number
of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Class A Common Stock and any voting
rights until they exercise their warrants and receive shares of Class A Common Stock. After the issuance of shares of Class A Common Stock
upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one (1) vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted
on by stockholders. 

No
fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to
receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of shares of Class A Common Stock
to be issued to the warrant holder. 

Private Warrants 

Except
as described below, the Private Warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the Public Warrants, including as to
exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. The Private Warrants (including the Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of
the Private Warrants) are not transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the Closing (except, among certain other limited
exceptions to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with Sponsor) and they will not be redeemable by us
so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. The Sponsor, or its permitted transferees, has the option to exercise
the Private Warrants on a cashless basis. If the Private Warrants are held by holders other than Sponsor or its permitted transferees,
the Private Warrants will be subject to the same terms and conditions as the Public Warrants, and among other matters, be redeemable by
us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. 

4 

If
holders of the Private Warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants
for that number of shares of Class A Common Stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares
of Class A Common Stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair
market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value shall mean the average reported
last sale price of the Class A Common Stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which
the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. 

Exercise Price
Reduction for Public and Private Warrants 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Company may lower the exercise price at any time prior to the expiration date of the Public Warrants and the Private
Warrants for a period of not less than twenty (20) business days, provided, that the Company provide at least twenty (20) days prior written
notice of such reduction to registered holders of such warrants and, provided further that any such reduction shall be identical among
all of the Public Warrants and Private Warrants. 

The
Company does not have any current plans or intentions to lower the exercise price of the Public Warrants in accordance with Section 9.8
of the Warrant Agreement, however, there may be circumstances that lead the Company to lower the exercise price. For example, in the event
the exercise price of the Public Warrants and the Private Warrants is higher than the market price of the Class A Common Stock, then the
Company may determine to lower the exercise price below the market price at the time to induce the holders of such warrants to exercise
such warrants for cash. 

Assumed Warrants 

At
the effective time of the Business Combination, each Legacy FOXO warrant that was outstanding and unexercised immediately prior to the
Business Combination was assumed by us and converted into Assumed Warrants. 

Each
Assumed Warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of Common Stock at a price of 6.21 per share. The Assumed Warrants
will expire on or before three years after their issuance date at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon liquidation. 

A
holder of an Assumed Warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not
have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s
affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.99 or 9.99 (or such other amount as
a holder may specify) of the shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

If
the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of Common Stock, or by a split-up of
shares of Common Stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such stock dividend, split-up or similar event, the
number of shares of Common Stock issuable on exercise of each Assumed Warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the
outstanding shares of Common Stock. 

If
the number of outstanding shares of our Common Stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification
of shares of Common Stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock split,
reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of Common Stock issuable on exercise of each Assumed Warrant will be decreased
in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares of Common Stock. 

5 

The
Assumed Warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date to the Company. Within
the earlier of (i) two (2) business days and (ii) the number of trading days comprising the Standard Settlement Period (as defined in
Section 2(d)(i) of the Warrant Agreement) following the date of exercise, the holder shall deliver to us the aggregate exercise price
for the shares specified in the exercise form, by wire transfer or cashier s check drawn on a United States bank. The holder is
not required to physically surrender the Assume Warrant to us until the holder has purchased all of the shares available and the warrant
has been exercised in full, in which case, the holder shall surrender the warrant to us for cancellation within three (3) business days
of the date on which the final notice of exercise is delivered to us. 

If
at any time after the six (6) month anniversary of the Qualified Offering, there is no effective registration statement registering the
resale of the warrant shares, then (i) the Assumed Warrant may also be exercised, in whole or in part, by means of a cashless exercise 
and (ii) for each thirty (30) days following the six (6) month anniversary of the consummation of a Qualified Offering or portion of any
thirty (30) day period thereafter in which no effective registration statement is available, the amount of warrant shares shall be automatically
increased by five percent (5 over the warrant shares available on such dates. 

The
warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Common Stock and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants
and receive shares of Common Stock. After the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled
to one (1) vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 

If
and whenever, at any time while the Assumed Warrant is outstanding, we issue or sell, announce any offer, sale, or other disposition of,
or are deemed to have issued, sold or granted (or makes an announcement regarding the same), any shares of Class A Common Stock and/or
common stock equivalents for a consideration per share (the New Issuance Price less than a price equal to the exercise
price in effect immediately prior to such issuance or sale or deemed issuance or sale, then immediately after such issuance, (1) the exercise
price then in effect shall be reduced to an amount equal to the New Issuance Price and (2) the number of warrant shares issuable under
the Assumed Warrant shall be increased such that the aggregate exercise price payable, after taking into account the decrease in the exercise
price, shall be equal to the aggregate exercise price prior to such adjustment. 

In
the case of certain fundamental transactions affecting the Company, a holder of Assumed Warrants, upon exercise of such Assumed Warrants
after such fundamental transaction, will have the right to receive, in lieu of shares of Class A Common Stock, the same amount and kind
of securities, cash or property that such holder would have been entitled to receive upon the occurrence of the fundamental transaction,
had the Assumed Warrants been exercised immediately prior to such fundamental transaction. In lieu of such consideration, a holder of
Assumed Warrants may instead elect to receive a cash payment based upon the Black-Scholes value of their Assumed Warrants. 

No
fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Assumed Warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled
to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of shares of Common Stock
to be issued to the warrant holder. 

Our Transfer Agent
and Warrant Agent 

The
transfer agent for our Class A Common Stock and warrant agent for our Public Warrants and Private Warrants is Continental Stock Transfer 
Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant
agent, its agents and each of its stockholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of
acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross negligence, willful misconduct
or bad faith of the indemnified person or entity. 

The
Company is the warrant agent for the Assumed Warrants. 

Anti-Takeover Provisions 

The
Charter and the Company Bylaws following this offering could have the effect of delaying, deferring or discouraging another person from
acquiring control of the Company. These provisions, which are summarized below, are expected to discourage certain types of coercive takeover
practices and inadequate takeover bids and encourage persons seeking to acquire control of the Company to first negotiate with the Board.
We believe that the benefits of increased protection of the Company s potential ability to negotiate with an unfriendly or unsolicited
acquirer outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging a proposal to acquire the Company because negotiation of these proposals could result
in an improvement of their terms. 

6 

Certain Anti-Takeover
Provisions of the Charter and the Company Bylaws 

Certain
provisions of the Charter prevents the Company from engaging in a business combination with: 

a stockholder who owns 15 
or more of the Company s outstanding voting stock (otherwise known as an interested stockholder ); 

an affiliate of an interested
stockholder; or 

an associate of an interested
stockholder, for three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder. 

A
 business combination includes a merger or sale of the Company s assets with a market value of 10 or more of its aggregate
market value of all of its assets or of all of its outstanding stock. However, the above provisions do not apply if: 

the Board approves the transaction
that made the stockholder an interested stockholder, prior to the date of the transaction; 

after the completion of the
transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder owned at least 85 of the Company s
voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common stock; or 

on or subsequent to the date
of the transaction, the initial business combination is approved by the Board and authorized at a meeting of the Company s stockholders,
and not by written consent, by an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested
stockholder. 

Under
certain circumstances, the Charter makes it more difficult for a person who would be an interested stockholder to effect
various business combinations with the Company for a three-year period. This provision may encourage companies interested in acquiring
Company to negotiate in advance with the Board because the stockholder approval requirement would be avoided if the Board approves either
the business combination or the transaction which results in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder. These provisions of the
Charter also may have the effect of preventing changes in the Board and may make it more difficult to accomplish transactions which stockholders
may otherwise deem to be in their best interests. 

Charter and Restated
Bylaw Provisions 

The
Charter and the Company Bylaws include a number of provisions that may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers, or delaying or
preventing changes in control of the Company management team or changes in the Board or the Company governance or policy, including the
following: 

Issuance
of Undesignated Preferred Stock 

Our
board of directors has the authority, without further action by the stockholders, to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of undesignated
preferred stock with rights and preferences, including voting rights, designated from time to time by the Board. The existence of authorized
but unissued shares of preferred stock enables the Board to render more difficult or to discourage an attempt to obtain control of the
Company by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. 

7 

Exclusive
forum for certain lawsuits 

The
Charter requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in the Company s name, actions against
any current or former directors, officers, employees or stockholders of the Company for breach of fiduciary duty and other similar actions
may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware or if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction, the
federal district court of the State of Delaware. The Charter also requires, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the federal
district courts of the United States to be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action under
the Securities Act. Although we believe these provisions benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware
law in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine that these provisions are unenforceable, and to the extent they
are enforceable, the provisions may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against the Company s directors and officers, although
the Company stockholders will not be deemed to have waived the Company s compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and
regulations thereunder. 

Notwithstanding the Charter
provides that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. Section 27 of the
Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act
or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, (i) the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce
any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction, and
(ii) unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States
of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause
of action arising under the Securities Act or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 

Special
meeting of stockholders 

The
Company Bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by the chairman of the Board, or a Chief Executive
Officer, or the Board pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the board, and may not be called by any other person. 

Advance
notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director nominations 

The
Company Bylaws provide that stockholders seeking to bring business before the Company s annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate
candidates for election as directors at the Company s annual meeting of stockholders, must provide timely notice of their intent
in writing. To be timely, a stockholder s notice will need to be received by the company secretary at the Company s principal
executive offices not later than the close of business on the 90 th day nor earlier than the opening of business on the
120 th day prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders. Pursuant to Rule 14A-8 of
the Exchange Act, proposals seeking inclusion in the Company s annual proxy statement must comply with the notice periods contained
therein. The Company Bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders meeting. These provisions
may preclude the Company s stockholders from bringing matters before the Company s annual meeting of stockholders or from
making nominations for directors at the Company s annual meeting of stockholders. 

Action
by written consent 

Any
action required to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders, or any action which may be taken at any annual or special
meeting of such stockholders, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent in writing, setting
forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock entitled to vote thereon having not less than the minimum
number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were
present and voted, and shall be delivered to the Company by delivery to its registered office in the State of Delaware, its principal
place of business, or an officer or agent of the Company having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are
recorded. 

8 

Board
of Directors 

The
Board is divided into three classes, as nearly equal in number as possible and designated Class I, Class II and Class III; however, such
classification will terminate for each class upon the initial expiration of their respective term and will then have one year terms expiring
at the next annual meeting of stockholders or until the election and qualification of their respective successors in office, subject to
their earlier death, resignation or removal. The Charter and the Company Bylaws provide that the authorized number of directors may be
changed only by resolution of the board of directors. Subject to the terms of any preferred stock, any or all of the directors may be
removed from office at any time, with or without cause, and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the
voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of voting stock of the Company entitled to vote at an election of directors. Any vacancy
on the Board, including a vacancy resulting from an enlargement of the Board, may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority
of the Company s directors then in office. 

Listing of Securities 

Our
Class A Common Stock and our Public Warrants are each listed on the NYSE American under the symbol FOXO , and FOXO
WS, respectively. 

9 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex21-1_foxotech.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21.1 

FOXO Technologies Inc. Subsidiaries 

Subsidiaries 
 
 Jurisdiction of Organization 
 
 FOXO Technologies Operating Company 
 
 Delaware 
 
 FOXO Labs Inc. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 FOXO Life, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Scientific Testing Partners, LLC 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-1_foxotech.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification of the Chief Executive Officer 

 Pursuant to 

 Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) 

I, Tyler Danielson, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of FOXO Technologies Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15-d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Tyler Danielson 

Tyler Danielson 

Interim Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-2_foxotech.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification of the Chief Financial Officer 

 Pursuant to 

 Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) 

I, Robert Potashnick, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of FOXO Technologies Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15-d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Robert Potashnick 

Robert Potashnick 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-1_foxotech.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

In connection with the periodic
report of FOXO Technologies Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), we, Tyler Danielson, Interim Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)
and Robert Potashnick, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) of the Company, hereby certify as of the date
hereof, solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to the best of our knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Tyler Danielson 

Tyler Danielson 

Interim Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Robert Potashnick 

Robert Potashnick 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18
U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of this report. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 foxo-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 foxo-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 foxo-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 foxo-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 foxo-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

