<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_814926_0001903596-23-000255.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6472911</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>339032</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1041933</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2542847</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1046234</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1309798</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001903596-23-000255.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331145651
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001903596-23-000255
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		61
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CAPSTONE COMPANIES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000814926
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC LIGHTING & WIRING EQUIPMENT [3640]
		IRS NUMBER:				841047159
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-28831
		FILM NUMBER:		23786856

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		431 FAIRWAY DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			DEERFIELD BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33441
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(954) 252-3440

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		431 FAIRWAY DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			DEERFIELD BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33441

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CHDT CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070801

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CHINA DIRECT TRADING CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040601

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CBQ INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19981207

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001903596-23-000255.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 capc_10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
DC 20549 

FORM

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 2022 . 

or 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _______ to _______ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of small business issuer as specified
in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation) 
 (I.R.S. Employer No.) 

, 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip
Code) 

(Small business issuer s telephone number,
including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Exchange Act: 

Title of each class Trading 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Symbol(s) 

None 
 N/A 
 N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: 

COMMON STOCK, 0.0001 PAR VALUE 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months, and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T (232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to submit and post such files). No

1 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large, accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, emerging growth company or a smaller reporting company.
See definitions of large, accelerated filer , accelerated filer , emerging growth company and
 smaller reporting Company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large
accelerated filer Accelerated
filer Smaller
reporting Company Emerging
Growth Company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell Company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

As of June 30, 2022, the last business day
of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of our common stock issued
and outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the
closing sales price for the common stock on June 30, 2022, as reported on the OTC QB Venture Market, was . 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

Number of estimated shares outstanding of the
Registrant s Common Stock as of March 22, 2023 is 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

2 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Item
 Number 
 Description 
 Page 

Part I 
 6 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 6 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 20 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 36 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 36 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 36 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures (Not Applicable) 
 36 

Part II 
 37 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrants Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters 
 37 
 
 Item 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 38 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 
 38 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk (Not Applicable) 
 54 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 54 
 
 Item 9. 
 Change in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 54 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 54 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 55 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 
 55 

Part III 
 56 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 56 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 63 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 68 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 70 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 72 

Part IV 
 72 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 72 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 75 

3 

DEFINITIONS: 

As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the following terms have
the stated meaning or meanings: 

(1) 
 Capstone Lighting
 Technologies, L.L.C. or CLTL is a wholly owned subsidiary of Capstone Companies, Inc. 

(2) 
 Capstone International
 Hong Kong Ltd or CIHK is a wholly owned subsidiary of Capstone Companies, Inc. and a Hong Kong registered Company. 

(3) 
 Capstone Industries,
 Inc., a Florida corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of CAPC, may also be referred to as CAPI or Capstone . 

(4) 
 Capstone Companies,
 Inc., a Florida corporation, may also be referred to as we, us our, Company, 
 or CAPC . Unless the context indicates otherwise, Company includes in its meaning all of Capstone Companies,
 Inc. Subsidiaries. 

(5) 
 China means
 People s Republic of China. 

(6) 
 W means watts. 

(7) 
 References to 33
 Act or Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

(8) 
 References to 34
 Act or Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

(9) 
 SEC or Commission 
 means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 

(10) 
 Subsidiaries 
 means Capstone Industries, Inc. CAPI ), Capstone International H.K Ltd., CIHK ), and Capstone Lighting
 Technologies, Inc. CLTL ). 

(11) 
 Any reference to fiscal
 year in this Annual Report on Form 10-K means our fiscal year, ending December 31 st . 

(12) 
 LED or LED s 
 means a light-emitting diode component(s) which can be assembled into light bulbs or can be used in lighting fixtures. 

(13) 
 OEM means
 original equipment manufacturer. 

(14) 
 Connected Surfaces 
 or Connected Products means smart home devices with embedded sensors that provide communication and data transfer between
 the Connected Surface and internet-enabled systems of the Company or associated third parties. Connected Surfaces may permit internet
 access for defined functions. 

We may use FY to mean fiscal year and Q
or QTR to mean fiscal quarter in this Report. 

4 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Form 10-K report contains forward-looking
statements . Those statements appear in a number of places in this Form 10-K report and include, without limitation, statements
regarding the intent, belief and current expectations of the Company, its directors or its officers, with respect to: Company s
future business and financial prospects; the commercialization of new products; the Company s policies regarding investments, dispositions,
financings, conflicts of interest and other matters; and trends affecting the Company s financial condition or results of operations.
Forward looking statements include words like expect, anticipate, hope, project, 
 may, should, could, or similar words or variants thereof. Any forward-looking statement is not
a guarantee of future performance and involves several risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those results
implied in the forward-looking statement as a result of various factors, some factors being beyond the Company s control or ability
to foresee. Among the factors that could cause plans, actions and results to differ materially from current expectations are, without
limitation: disruption from natural or human causes, including severe weather, accidents, fires, earthquakes, terrorist acts and epidemic
or pandemic diseases, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, which pandemic could result and has resulted in delays or suspension of product production
from Thailand and China or other regions, where our products are made, or otherwise dampen consumer demand for products like our products,
which are a discretionary purchase. The accompanying information contained in this Form 10-K report, including the Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition and Risk Factors identifies other important
factors that could cause such differences. With respect to any forward-looking statement that includes a statement of its underlying assumptions
or bases, the Company cautions that, while it believes such assumptions or bases to be reasonable and has formed them in good faith, assumed
facts or bases almost always vary from actual results, and the differences between assumed facts or bases and actual results can be significant
or material depending on the circumstances. When, in any forward-looking statement, the Company, or its management, expresses
an expectation or belief as to future results, that expectation or belief is expressed in good faith and is believed to have a reasonable
basis, but there can be no assurance that the stated expectation or belief will result or be achieved or accomplished. Further, the Company
is a penny stock company with no primary market makers. Such a status makes highly risky any investment in the Company securities.
See Risk Factors below. The forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K report are made as of the date hereof, and, unless
required by law or regulation, we do not assume any obligation to update, amend or clarify them to reflect events, new information or
circumstances occurring after the date hereof. 

You should read this Form 10-K
report and the documents that we may reference in this Form 10-K report and have filed with the SEC, with the understanding that
our actual future results, performance, and events and circumstances may be materially different from what we expect. 

5 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

Overview 

Capstone Companies, Inc. Company 
or CAPC is a public holding company, that on March 25, 2004, organized under the laws of the State of Florida. The Company
is a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of consumer inspired products that simplify daily living through technology. Over the
past decade, the Company s various product lines have been distributed globally including consumer markets in Australia, Japan,
Korea, North America, South America, and the United Kingdom. The primary operating subsidiary is Capstone Industries, Inc. Capstone ),
a Florida corporation located at the principal executive offices of the Company. Capstone International Hong Kong, Ltd., or CIHK ,
was established to expand the Company s product development, engineering, and factory resource capabilities. With the 2021 shift
of manufacturing to Thailand from China, the CIHK operation was downsized and put in dormant status in March 2022. 

The Company s focus through 2017 was the
integration of LEDs into most commonly used consumer lighting products in today s home. Over the last few years there has been significant
LED price erosion, which has commoditized LED consumer products. The LED category has matured and is no longer the innovative must
have consumer product as in previous years, as such, revenues for the LED product line have declined significantly in 2022. The
Connected Surfaces is the Company s effort to establish business in an emerging segment that is intended for future revenue growth.
The smart home segment is the umbrella category in which we intend to participate with the Connected Surfaces program. 

In late 2017, as management recognized that
the LED category was maturing, it sought a business opportunity that would transition the Company s revenue streams to an emerging
new product category. While we currently continue to supply LED products on a limited basis, our strategic plan to develop and launch
new innovative product lines, like Connected Surfaces Smart Mirrors, is believed to be essential for sustaining or growing revenues.
However, we were unable to establish the Connected Surfaces Smart Mirrors as a product line to replace the LED product line and
provide revenues sufficient to fully fund Company operations and overhead. The Smart Mirror product line continues to have limited sales
in the first three months of 2023. 

 The
 Company began its foray into the electronics industry in 2019 with its Connected Surfaces
 initiative. We decided to enter the market as we identified the smart home category to be
 emerging with strong long-term growth potential.
 The Connected Surfaces portfolio is designed to tap into consumer s ever-expanding
 Internet of Things, wireless connected lifestyles prevalent today. The Smart Mirrors have
 both touch and remote control interfacing and it s casting capabilities offer voice
 control through one s smartphone. Full access to the internet and an operating system
 capable of running downloadable applications makes the smart mirror customizable to one s
 usage preferences. The average selling prices are comparable to that of tablets and smartphones,
 retailing between 799 - 999 per unit, with the goal to deliver cost-attractive products
 and consumer value to mainstream America. Whereas, during the day your smartphone/tablet
 keeps you connected, whether it is work or personal, now when entering your home, Capstone s
 new Connected Surfaces products are intended to enable users the same level of connectivity
 in a more relaxed manner that does not require being tethered to these devices. 

6 

The Company will require third party
funding to cover operating overhead and to resume efforts to fund its marketing and product launch campaigns. The
future growth will be directly impacted by the level of exposure, messaging and distribution capabilities. Certain members of
the Company s management Corporate Insiders and Directors have provided short-term funding from time to
time to support the Company s basic operational funding needs, but there is no guarantee that this funding will continue
or be adequate to fund operations or Connected Surfaces program marketing and inventory as well as possible enhancements in functions
demanded by the consumers. The Company will require third party funding to sustain basic operations and continue efforts to market
the Connected Surfaces Smart Mirror product line. 

The Company has historically competed in highly competitive consumer market
channels that can be affected by volatility from a number of general business and economic factors such as, consumer confidence, employment
levels, credit availability, commodity costs and the recovery from the global pandemic. As stated earlier, and based on historical trends,
the markets for LED home products have matured and growth within the category will continue to decline as markets are saturated. For
these reasons, our focus is directed to the expansion and advancement of the Company s Connected Surfaces initiative. As planned,
in 2022 we began to exit the LED industry. Connected Surfaces Smart Mirrors program is intended to replace the LED product lines as the
Company s primary business line and its success is critical to the Company s business and financial performance in the future. 

 By working overseas with alternate manufacturers located
outside China, particularly in Thailand, we anticipated minimal impact to our selling prices and related margins of profit that could
otherwise be impacted by an ongoing trade dispute between the United States and China. Political unrest in Thailand in late 2020 and early
2021 did not affect our original equipment manufacturing OEM activities, however the transportation/logistics costs have
escalated as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, but we are beginning to see more stability as we are able to book freight without the
surcharges imposed by container shortages experienced during 2021 and 2022. 

While the Company announced the plan to launch
its ecommerce initiative in March 2021, that effort was continually delayed because the COVID-19 pandemic forced factory closures overseas
and inventories planned for Q3 2021 sales were shipped in December 2021, which pushed the formal product launch into January 2022. The
COVID-19 pandemic and transitioning to Thailand OEM s as well as to be expected delays in developing an acceptable new product essentially
delayed our launch of the Smart Mirror product line by a year into 2022, which combined with declining LED product sales, has adversely
impacted the Company s business and financial performance. The initial inventory that arrived in our fulfilment center in the United
States at the end of Q4 2021 was damaged by the logistics company. We filed an insurance claim and were compensated for the damaged inventory
during 2022, however, incurred significant delays in our initial Smart Mirror product launch. 

Beginning in 2020, the Company substantially
expanded its investment and commitment to social media marketing year over year. The Company was disappointed with the 2022 results of
the e-commerce efforts equating to high customer acquisition costs for a low level of sales. Since the Company was new to e-commerce and
social media marketing, the cost of developing an effective e-commerce program and social media marketing was greater than anticipated
by the Company. 

The Company oversees and controls the manufacturing
of its products, which are currently made in Thailand and China by OEM contract manufacturers. To support the e-commerce model for 2022,
we transitioned inventories into warehouse facilities stateside for direct-to-consumer fulfillment. When introducing the Connected Surfaces
program to Big Box retailers as planned in the first half of 2023, the Company will resume its direct import model. At that time, the
Company s products will be built to order for specific promotional periods and will not require replenishment domestically. 

As of today, all of the Company s retail
sales are made on an order-by-order basis, rather than through long-term sales contracts. As such, the nature of the Company s business
did not provide visibility of material forward-looking information from its customers and suppliers beyond a few months. 

 The
 Company started to actively market and sell the Smart Mirror product line in March 2022,
 which is the first introduction within the Capstone Connected Surfaces program. The initial
 marketing launch was at the Consumer Electronics Show in early 2020 but its release to the
 retail market was delayed due to product development delays at our suppliers and other related
 approval and certification delays resulting from the impact of COVID-19, which impact was
 mainly limitations on staff work and staffing causing delays in completion of work and backlogs
 in work at suppliers and certification or regulatory organizations. The Company commenced
 production after a long awaited FCC approval. This review process,
 which historically has taken 4-5 weeks, was delayed continuously and was finalized
 after 5 months of delays. These are not unfamiliar steps to management, as all our products
 are subject to 

7 

most of the same approval processes; however, we
do not control the speed at which the testing companies advance. and as a result of the pandemic and shift to decentralized
operations the delays were unforeseen. Our first 1,000 Smart Mirrors were shipped and arrived in January 2022 at our fulfillment
center. These inventories were originally expected in Q2 2021. We air-freighted initial inventories to the U.S. so that we could
activate our e-commerce program and fulfill orders immediately. The inventories were partially damaged in transit causing a 30 day
delay on the contracted receipt date. The full 1,000 Smart Mirror inventory was available for e-commerce sales in March 2022. 

Our business operations and financial performance
for the year ended December 31, 2022 were significantly and adversely impacted by the long term impacts of the global pandemic as
well as our shortage of e-commerce industry expertise. When the global pandemic restrictions gradually lifted during 2022, the consumer s
buying habits had been altered. After stocking up on home goods, home improvements and electronics during the stay at home orders, once
those orders were lifted, consumers chose to spend their money on things to do versus things to have. This change in consumer spending
on activities versus goods negatively impacted the 2022 launch of the Smart Mirror significantly. Sales of the Smart Mirror severely
underperformed management s expectations, generating approximately 74,000 in net sales for an approximate 105 units sold. In addition
to the change in consumer spending, the Company changed its marketing course in late 2021 and 2022 by moving away from the Big Box retailers
and put all of its marketing effort into the e-commerce marketing industry. The Company s first parlay into e-commerce proved to
be very costly and a difficult market to secure customer acquisition with the Company spending approximately 285,000 in 2022 on social
media, advertising and trade shows, and increase of 260,000 over the prior year. The Company has decided to re-focus their marketing
strategy in 2023 and move back to brick and mortar and Big Box retailers, which was their core strength with the Lighting Products and
which they feel they could replicate with the Connected Surfaces product lines. Management has spent Q1 2023 actively marketing
the Connected Surfaces product lines to brick-and-mortar retailers while maintaining their e-commerce presence. As of the date of this
filing of the Form 10-K, we have not produced any orders from Big Box retailers and there can be no assurance that it will succeed
in establishing a revenue stream that is able to sustain the Company s operations. 

Our Growth Strategy 

The Company s looking forward
strategy requires continued expansion of its product development and engineering, manufacturing base marketing and distribution
of a broadened portfolio of consumer electronic products. Subject to adequate funding and cash flow from Smart Mirrors product
line, the Company will pursue new revenue opportunities through the introduction and expansion of its Connected Surfaces 
portfolio into alternate distribution channels including e-commerce and others that the Company has not previously focused on.
The Company also intends to leverage its existing valuable customer base and strong relationships to achieve organic growth initiatives
within this new category. These efforts will depend on having adequate working capital from funding and cash flow from product
sales. We have not achieved such adequate funding as of the date of the filing of this Form 10-K and we
may be unable to achieve sufficient working capital when and, in the amounts, required to meet operational needs and overhead.
The lack of adequate, timely and affordable funding may undermine the efforts of. the Company to establish a revenue stream from
the Smart Mirrors product line and efforts to sustain Company operations. 

The Company competes in competitive consumer market
channels that can be affected by volatility from a number of general business and economic factors such as, consumer confidence, employment
levels, credit availability and commodity costs. Demand for the Company s products is highly dependent on economic drivers such
as consumer spending and discretionary income. Since the Company produces products, both LED lighting and Smart Mirrors, that are discretionary
purchases of consumers and not necessities, general and regional economic conditions affect consumer confidence which in turn usually
affects the willingness of consumers to purchase Company products. The Company has been unable to sell any significant number of Smart
Mirrors in 2022 and the lack of sales has continued into the first fiscal quarter of 2023. 

While COVID-19 pandemic spikes have impacted
full functioning of overseas factories, which delayed shipments of Smart Mirrors, the Company has been unable to sell its available inventory
of Smart Mirrors as of the date of the filing of this Form 10-K and that inability may reflect that the Smart Mirrors are not matching
consumer preferences. While increased marketing may improve sales of Smart Mirrors, there can be no assurance that the Company can afford
an extended, expanded marketing campaign or that an extended, expanded marketing campaign would significantly increase sales or consumer
demand for Smart Mirrors. 

8 

Organic Growth Strategy 

Subject to adequate funding and
favorable cash flow from Connected Surfaces products, which has not been achieved, the Company intends to pursue various initiatives
to execute its organic growth strategy, which is designed to enhance its market presence, expand its customer base and maintain
its recognition as an industry leader in new product development. Key elements of our organic growth strategy include: 

Connected Surfaces .
Historically, LED lighting products have been our core business. The Capstone Lighting and Hoover Home LED brands, combined, have
sold millions of LED lighting products over the recent years and consequently the Company holds a well-respected position in the retail
lighting category. While consistently launching successful lighting programs, the Company determined that it needed to develop a new
product line with greater profit margin potential than LED Lighting. The Company has refocused its development and marketing initiatives
and is focused on developing the Connected Surfaces products as its primary business line to replace the LED lighting business, which
is no longer being actively promoted by the Company due to gross margin reductions as a result of increased tariffs and declining consumer
interest. The Company s product roadmap outlines the plan for an additional product launch in 2023, branded Connected Chef, a kitchen
utility item, and this will continue to expand as consumer product acceptance validates its innovations. The Company believes this program
will leverage existing relationships with its current retail partners and collectively contribute organic growth for the Company. The
ability of the Company to promote any of its Connected Surface products will depend on securing adequate, affordable and timely funding
from lenders and investors. As of the date of the filing of this Form 10-K, the Company has not secured that funding, however a director/officer
has been providing interim financing while other financing options are being considered. 

The Company anticipates that smart homes will
become more mainstream over the next several years based on increasing developments of smart home technologies and products and consumer
purchases of smart home technologies and products and will present a significant, potential growth opportunity for the Company and its
Connected Surfaces portfolio. While our Connected Surface products is aimed at the smart home market, we are also targeting the medical
industry for a Smart Mirror to assist with the growing digital health services including but not limited to physical therapy, dermatology
uses and home health care. 

Perceived or Essential Strengths 

Our Chief Executive Officer s experience
in hardline product manufacturing has prepared the Company for successful entries into various consumer product markets, especially its
experience in using foreign OEMs to provide capabilities not possessed internally by our company. 

Product Quality : Through
a combination of sourcing quality components, stringent manufacturing quality control and conducting rigorous third-party testing, product
quality has been a priority of the Company and essential to competing in competitive markets.
To deliver cost-competitive products without compromising quality standards, we leverage purchasing volume and capitalize on strategic
vendor relationships. This advantage has not been realized in 2022 with respect to the Smart Mirrors
due to perceived changes in purchasing habits of consumers and resulting changes in buying habits of Company s core retailer customer
base. 

9 

Perceived Weaknesses 

The Company does not possess the business, marketing,
and financial resources of larger competitors or the brand recognition or international markets of some of the larger competitors. The
declining financial performance of the Company due to discontinuation of the LED lighting product line has placed the Company in a weakened
financial position, which in turn increases the need for working capital funding from investors or lenders. The Company lacks the hard
assets for affordable, sufficient debt financing and the low market price of its Common Stock makes equity funding difficult in terms
of finding suitable investors who will provide adequate, affordable, timely working capital funding. 

The product launch of the Smart
Mirrors did not meet projected sales forecasts for 2022. Customer acquisition costs of the e-commerce marketplace were high while
producing low conversion into sales. In addition, the consumer s buying habits were altered during the global pandemic.
After stocking up on home goods, home improvements and electronics during the stay at home orders, once those orders were lifted,
consumers chose to spend their money on things to do versus things to have. This change in consumer spending on activities versus
goods negatively impacted the 2022 launch of the Smart Mirror significantly. 

The plan to expand the Company s product
portfolio through Connected Surfaces involves the inherent risk of increased operating and marketing costs without a corresponding increase
in operational revenues and profits. Expense categories including molds, prototyping, engineering, advertising, public relations, tradeshows
and social media platforms will continue to be incurred for a period before revenues occur. 

The Company does not have the large
internal research and development capability of its larger competitors. Capstone operates with a limited number of employees whose functions
are dedicated to executive management, sales and marketing or administrative support. The limited number of employees may hinder or delay
the ability of the Company to identify or respond to consumer preferences or new technology developments in a product line. Hiring may
be required with any growth and qualified personnel may not be readily available. We cannot match the compensation packages to prospective
employees that many larger competitors may offer, and we lack the funding and other resources to change our operational model and its
reliance on contractors for many functions and capabilities, including development, production, shipping, warehousing and distribution
of products. 

As a smaller reporting company, we are
more vulnerable to events like COVID-19 pandemic, production and shipping delays, travel and operational disruptions and restrictions
and an accelerated shift to e-commerce from reliance on brick-and-mortar retail sales. We lack the staff, money, internal capabilities
and resources and operational experience to significantly or timely respond to significant challenges and adverse changes in business
and financial requirements. 

COVID-19 pandemic closures of companies and
shipping-distribution channels produced a delay in shipping and receipt of products from abroad and in the United States. The problems
include a lack of sufficient drivers for the trucking industry. The Company relies on OEM s
located in Thailand and China, which have been impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic in meeting development, production and shipping deadlines.
The extent of the continuing economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and resulting logistical delays is uncertain as of the date of
this Form 10-K report. 

Capstone s international purchases can
become more expensive if the U.S. Dollar weakens against the foreign currencies. Should the increased U.S. tariffs imposed on Chinese
manufactured goods remain it may increase the cost of electronic components used in our products. 

While we have established new production capacity in Thailand, there is
no final resolution of the U.S. / China trade dispute from which specific components are sourced. Developing a new, efficient OEM relationship
in a new country takes time and effort to reach acceptable production efficiencies. We have only a short operational experience with Thai
OEM s and cannot predict long term effectiveness of the relationship. 

10 

The financial condition of the Company has included seeking a significant
corporate transaction, including, without limitation, a possible merger and acquisition transaction or reorganization to sustain operations
or to acquire a new business line that can support company operations. Like many companies, the Company conducts periodic strategic reviews
where the feasibility of significant corporate transactions are considered, including mergers, asset purchases or sales and diversification
or change in business lines. The Company lacks the financial resources of larger companies to withstand adverse, significant and sustained
changes in business and financial condition. This vulnerability necessitates an ongoing consideration of alternatives to current operations.
Due to the decline in financial performance of the Company since 2021, and the Company being in transition from a declining product line
and not yet establishing a profitable product line, as well as the Company having its shares of Common Stock quoted on The OTC Markets
Group, Inc. QB Venture Market, the Company may be unable to consummate a corporate transaction that sustains operations. 

Products and Customers 

While the Company is expanding its product portfolio
through the introduction of the Capstone Connected Surfaces program, it still maintains a select number of LED lighting products under
the Capstone Lighting brand available through Amazon and Wayfair e-commerce websites. 

The product lines available as of the date of
this Form 10-K report are as follows: 

Connected
Surfaces Smart Mirrors: 

 Standard
Rectangular 

 Wardrobe/Fitness
Mirror 

 LED Lighting :
Discontinued in 2023 

The plan to expand the Company s
product portfolio through Connected Surfaces involves the inherent risk of increased operating and marketing costs without a corresponding
increase in operational revenues and profits. Expense categories including molds, prototyping, engineering, advertising, public
relations, tradeshows and social media platforms will continue to be incurred before shipments and related revenues occur. Promotion
of the Connected Surfaces product line was hampered in 2022 by the lack of adequate, long-term funding and declining revenues
from product sales. 

Over the past ten years, the Company has established
product distribution relationships with numerous leading international, national and regional retailers, including but not limited to:
Amazon, Costco Wholesale, Sam s Club-Walmart, the Container Store and Firefly Buys. These distribution channels may sell the Company s
products through the internet as well as through retail storefronts and catalogs/mail order. The Company believes it has developed the
scale, manufacturing efficiencies, and design expertise that serves as the foundation for aggressive pursuit of niche product opportunities
in our largest consumer domestic and international markets. While Capstone has traditionally generated the majority of its sales in the
U.S. market, urbanization, rising family incomes and increased living standards abroad have spurred a perceived demand for small consumer
appliances internationally. To capture this market opportunity, the Company has continued its international sales by leveraging relationships
with our existing global retailers and by strengthening our international product offerings. The Company sold Capstone brand LED products
to markets outside the U.S., including Australia, Japan, and South Korea. International sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 were
 45 thousand or 13 of net revenue as compared to 341 thousand or 50 in fiscal 2021. The Company s performance depends on a number
of assumptions and factors. Critical to growth are the economic conditions in the markets that we serve, as well as success in the Company s
initiatives to distinguish its brands from competitors by design, quality, and scope of functions and new technology or features. Efforts
to expand into new international markets may be adversely impacted in the near term by COVID-19 pandemic. 

The Company s products are subject to general
economic conditions that impact discretionary consumer spending on non-essential items. Such continued progress depends on a number of
assumptions and factors, including ones mentioned in Risk Factors below. Critical to growth are economic conditions in the
markets that foster greater consumer spending as well as success in the Company s initiatives to distinguish its brands from competitors
by design, quality, and scope of functions and new technology or features. The Company s ability to fund the pursuit of our goals
remains a constant, significant factor. 

11 

Tariffs . The previous U.S. administration
implemented certain tariffs that directly affected the Company s competitiveness. While all companies in certain industries are
affected equally, the appeal for these products to consumers was negatively impacted when retail prices increased due to higher duty rates.
The Company has seen promotional schedules cut back and retailers have requested pricing adjustments that would not be known to them in
advance to products being shipped. Capstone s previous business model insulates the Company from paying duties as its retail partners
are the importers of record. The obvious unknown is the final impact of tariffs to the landed costs. Accordingly, retailers have demonstrated
caution in their promotional planning schedules and will continue to do so until the administration has clarified its position enabling
importers to calculate estimated landed costs. 

Tariffs and trade restrictions imposed by the
previous U.S. administration provoked trade and tariff retaliation by other countries. A trade dispute of this nature or
other governmental action related to tariffs or international trade agreements or policies has the potential to adversely impact demand
for our products, our costs, customers, suppliers and/or the U.S. economy or certain sectors thereof and, thus, to adversely impact our
businesses. As of the date of this Report, the new U.S. administration is currently reviewing its future position on this issue and there
has not been a resolution of the Chinese-American trade dispute. 

Sales and Marketing 

We use direct sales by our Chief Executive Officer
and sales agents to sell our products, which effort includes direct sales to Big Box retailers. 

Our sales within the U.S. are primarily made
by our in-house sales team and our independent sales agencies. Our independent sales agencies are paid a commission based upon sales made
in their respective territories. Our sales agencies are recruited, trained and monitored by us directly. We will utilize an agency as
needed to help us provide service to our retail customers as required. The sales agency agreements are generally one (1) year agreements,
which automatically renew on an annual basis, unless terminated by either party on 30 days prior notice. Our international sales
to divisions of U.S. based retailers are made by our in-house sales team. 

The Company has historically promoted its products
to retailers and distributors at North American trade shows, such as the Consumer Electronics Show CES or the International
Hardware Show, but also relies on the retail sales channels to advertise its products directly to the end user consumers through various
promotional activities. Subject to adequate working capital, this marketing effort will continue as a complement to the social media and
e-commerce initiatives. 

Direct Import Sales. We currently ship
finished products directly to our retail customer from Thailand and China. The sales transaction and title of goods are completed by delivering
products to the customers overseas shipping point. The customer takes title of the goods at that point and is responsible for inbound
ocean freight and import duties. Direct import sales are made in larger quantities (generally container sized lots) to customers worldwide. 

Domestic Sales. The strategy of selling
products from a U.S. domestic warehouse enables the Company to provide timely delivery and serve as a domestic supplier of imported goods.
With this model the Company imports goods from overseas and is responsible for all related costs including ocean freight, insurance, customs
clearance, duties, storage, and distribution charges related to such products and therefore such sales command higher sales prices than
direct sales. Domestic orders are for a much smaller size and could be as low as a single unit directly to the end consumer if ordered
through an online website. To support an effective e-commerce business model, we will be required to warehouse adequate inventory levels
enabling the Company to ship orders directly to the end consumer expediently. 

Occasionally as part of the marketing program
the Company may provide marketing allowances to the customer to ensure, that the retailer is not left with unsold inventories at the end
of the program. As an accounting practice, depending on the item and its selling history, the Company will accrue a reserve for possible
future markdowns and will retain these reserves for a period 3 to 5 years in the event the customer deducts such a promotional allowance
against an open invoice or submits us an invoice. These reserves will be released if not used or needed by the retailer. These allowances
are also evaluated when our relationship with a customer is terminated, or we cease selling a specific product to a customer. As of 2022,
the Company reversed 81 thousand of promotional allowance accruals, recognizing miscellaneous income as of the year ended December 31,
2022, due to the discontinuation of the LED product line. 

12 

The United States is one of the
largest consumers of technology-based products, particularly smart home products Currently there are in excess of 120+ million
homes in the United States alone with fixed broadband subscriptions. Moreover, there are more than 300+ million smart phone
users. These data points alone are indicative of the burgeoning growth potential which is driving investment into Smart Home Products
and awareness. Household penetration for smart home devices in 2018 was approximately 7.5 and recent statistics for 2023 state
as many as 46 of households as of the date of this filing have at least one smart home device. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had two customers who comprised approximately 71 of net revenue .
Although we have long established relationships with our LED customers, we do not have contractual arrangements to purchase a fixed
quantity of products annually. A decrease of business or a loss of any of our major customers could have a material adverse effect
on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Starting in late 2021, we have
utilized social media platforms and online advertising campaigns to further grow the Company s online presence. In addition
to Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest and LinkedIn, Capstone has launched a You Tube channel to host Smart Mirror videos and established
a Twitter account. Our Social Media marketing has not resulted in any significant sales of products in 2022. We may not be able
to effectively compete in e-commerce and Social Media marketing and sales. As such, in 2023 we are returning to marketing to
the brick and mortar and Big Box retailers. The Company has a Social Media presence on the following Social Media platforms: 

FACEBOOK 1 : https://www.facebook.com/capstoneindustries
and https://www.facebook.com/capstoneconnected 

INSTAGRAM 2 : https://www.instagram.com/capstoneconnected 

PINTEREST 3 : https://www.pinterest.com/capstoneconnected/ 

LINKEDIN 4 : https://www.linkedin.com/company/6251882 

TWITTER 5 https://twitter.com/CAPC_Capstone 

YOUTUBE 6 https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMX5W8PV0Q59qoAdMxKcAig 

1 Facebook is a registered trademark of Facebook, Inc. 

2 Instagram is a registered trademark of Instagram. 

3 Pinterest is a registered trademark of Pinterest. 

4 LinkedIn is a registered trademark of LinkedIn Corporation. 

5 Twitter is a registered trademark of Twitter Corporation. 

6 YouTube is a registered trademark
of YouTube Corporation. 

Competitive Conditions 

The Company operates in a highly competitive
environment, both in the United States and internationally, in the lighting and internet of things segments. The Company competes with
large multinationals with global operations as well as numerous other smaller, specialized competitors who generally focus on narrower
markets, products, or particular categories. 

13 

Other competitive factors include rapid technological
changes, product availability, credit availability, speed of delivery, ability to tailor solutions to customer needs, quality and depth
of product lines and training. Smart Mirrors and other Connected Surface products are an emerging industry, and the Company s product
line is innovative and does not require licensing of technologies, as the Connected Surfaces program is developed with open source resources.
The Company is also under development of proprietary features that would further establish the Company as a market innovator. As such,
applications have been filed. However, the Company may be unable to develop or license emerging new technologies that are dominant. 

Research, Product Development, and Manufacturing
Activities 

The Company s research and development
operations based in Florida and Thailand design and engineer many of the Company s products, with collaboration from its third-party
manufacturing partners, software developers and Capstone U.S. engineering advisers. The Company outsources the manufacture and assembly
of our products to a select group of OEM manufacturers overseas. Our research and development focus includes efforts to: 

Establish Capstone Connected
 Surfaces portfolio as an innovator in the smart home segment. 

Develop product with increasing
 technology and functionality with enhanced quality and performance, and at a very competitive cost; and 

Solidify new manufacturing
 relationships with contract manufacturers in Thailand. 

The Company establishes strict engineering specifications
and product testing protocols with the Company s contract manufacturers and ensure that their factories adhere to all Regional Labor
and Social Compliance Laws. These contract manufacturers purchase components that we specify and provide the necessary facilities and
labor to manufacture our products. We leverage the strength of the contract manufacturers and allocate the manufacturing of specific products
to the contract manufacturer best suited to the task. Quality control and product testing is conducted at the contract manufacturers facility
and at their 3 rd party testing laboratories overseas. 

14 

Capstone
 uses its proprietary manufacturing expertise by
 maintaining control over all outsourced production and critical production molds. To ensure
 the quality and consistency of the Company s products manufactured overseas, Capstone
 uses globally recognized certified testing laboratories such as United Laboratories (UL)
 or Intertek (ETL) to ensure all products are designed and tested to adhere to each country s
 individual regulatory standards. The Company also hires quality control inspectors who examine
 and test products to Capstone s specification(s) before shipments are released. 

To successfully implement Capstone s
business strategy, the Company must continually improve its current products and develop new product segments with innovative
imbedded technologies to meet consumer s growing expectations. The Connected Surfaces product development is our current
effort to achieve those expectations. The continuation of Company s declining business and financial performance may significantly
hinder or undermine efforts to establish a profitable Connected Surface product line capable of sustaining operations. Establishing
the Connected Surfaces product line as a viable revenue source is essential to sustaining the Company as a consumer product company.
The Company will need adequate funding in 2023 to sustain that business line and operations. Investments in technical and
product development are expensed when incurred and are included in the operating expenses. 

Raw Materials 

The principal raw materials currently used by
Capstone are sourced in Thailand and China, as the Company orders product exclusively through contract manufacturers in the region. These
contract manufacturers purchase components based on the Company s specifications and provide the necessary facilities and labor
to manufacture the Company s products. Capstone allocates the production of specific products to the contract manufacturer the Company
believes is more experienced to produce the specific product and whose facility is located in the country that most benefits from the
U.S. Tariff regulations. To ensure the consistent quality of Capstone s products, quality control procedures have been incorporated
at each stage of the manufacturing process, ranging from the inspection of raw materials through production and delivery to the customer.
These procedures are additional to the manufacturers internal quality control procedures and performed by Quality Assurance personnel. 

Raw Materials Components
 and supplies are subject to sample inspections upon arrival at the contract manufacturer, to ensure the correct specified components
 are being used in production. 

Work in Process 
 Our quality control inspectors conduct quality control tests at different points during the product stages of our manufacturing process
 to ensure that quality integrity is maintained. 

Finished Goods 
 Our inspectors perform tests on finished and packaged products to assess product safety, integrity and package compliance. 

Raw materials used in manufacturing
include plastic resin, copper, LED bulbs, batteries, and corrugated paper. Prices of materials have remained competitive
in the last year. The Company believes that adequate supplies of raw materials required for its operations are available at the
present time. The Company cannot predict the future availability or prices of such materials. These raw materials are generally
available from a number of different sources, and the prices of those raw materials are susceptible to currency fluctuations and
price fluctuations due to transportation, government regulations, price controls, economic climate, or other unforeseen circumstances.
In the past, the Company has not experienced any significant interruption in availability of raw materials. We believe we have
extensive experience in manufacturing and have taken positions to assure supply and to protect margins on anticipated sales volume. 

Section 1502 of Title XV of the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act requires SEC-reporting companies to disclose annually whether any conflict minerals
are necessary to the functionality or production of a product. Based on our inquiries to our manufacturers, we do not believe as of the
date of such inquiries that any conflict minerals are used in making our products. 

Distribution and Fulfillment 

Since January 2015, the Company has outsourced
its U.S. domestic warehousing and distribution needs to a third-party warehousing facility situated in Anaheim, California. The warehouse
operator provides full inventory storage, packaging and logistics services including direct to store and direct to consumer shipping capabilities
that electronically interface to our existing operations software. The warehouse operator provides full ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning),
Inventory Control and Warehouse Management Systems. 

15 

These fulfillment services can be expanded to
the east coast in Charleston, South Carolina, if the Company needed to establish an east coast distribution point. This relationship,
if required, will allow us to fully expand our U.S. distribution capabilities and services. As the Company transitions into the e-commerce
and direct to consumer marketplace, the Company has developed a new website with full shopping cart capabilities. To complete this project
the Company has negotiated contracts for secured credit card processing capability, state sales tax compliance services and order fulfillment
and logistics services, at a very competitive rate. 

Seasonality 

In general, sales for household products and
electronics are seasonally influenced. Certain gift products cause consumers to increase purchases during key holiday winter season of
the fourth quarter, which requires increases in retailer inventories during the third quarter. In addition, natural disasters such as
hurricanes and tornadoes can create conditions that drive increased needs for portable power and power failure light sales. Climate change
may increase the number and severity of hurricanes, tornadoes and flooding. Historically, the lighting products had lower sales during
the first quarter due to the Chinese New Year holiday as factories are closed and shipments are halted during this period. Our transition
to Thailand manufacturers may reduce the impact of Chinese New Year holiday. 

We do not have sufficient operational experience with
Connected Surfaces to predict the seasonality of Connected Surfaces. 

Intellectual Property 

CAPC owns a number of patents
and trademarks as denoted below: 

Patent
/ Trademark Serial Number 
 Patent
/ Trademark Name 
 Status
/ Issue Date 
 Patent
/ Trademark Expiration Date 
 Country 
 Description 
 
 97365117 
 Connected
Chef 
 Pending 
 N/A 
 USA 
 Trademark
on name 
 
 90758255 
 Capstone
Connected 
 Pending 
 N/A 
 USA 
 Trademark
on name and logo 
 
 90286667 
 Thin
Cast 
 Pending 
 N/A 
 USA 
 Trademark
on name and logo 
 
 10,203,262 
 Apparatus
and method for switch state detection and controlling electrical power 
 03/12/2019 
 03/12/2039 
 USA 
 apparatus
and method for switch state detection and controlling electrical power 
 
 D779,109
S 
 Lamp
simulating a UFO 
 02/14/2017 
 02/14/2032 
 USA 
 Design
patent lamp simulating UFO 

While the Company may license third party technologies
for its products, or may rely on other companies, especially OEMs, for design, engineering and testing, the Company believes that its
oversight of design and function of its products and its marketing capabilities are significant factors in the ability of the Company
to sell its products. 

Value of Patents 

The actual protection afforded by a patent,
which can vary from country to country, depends upon the type of patent, the scope of its coverage and the availability of legal remedies
in the country. Issued patents or patents based on pending patent applications or any future patent applications may not exclude competitors
or may not provide a competitive advantage to us. In addition, patents issued or licensed to us may not be held valid if subsequently
challenged and others may claim rights in or ownership of such patents. The validity and breadth of claims in technology patents involve
complex legal and factual questions and, therefore, the extent of their enforceability and protection is highly uncertain. 

Reverse engineering, unauthorized copying or
other misappropriation of our technologies could enable third parties to benefit from our technologies without paying us. We cannot assure
shareholders that our competitors have not developed or will not develop similar products, will not duplicate our products, or will not
design around any patents issued to or licensed by us. We will assess any loss of these rights and determine whether to litigate to protect
our intellectual property rights on a case by case basis. 

16 

We rely on trademark, trade secret, patent,
and copyright laws to protect our intellectual property rights. We cannot be sure that these intellectual property rights will be effectively
utilized or, if necessary, successfully asserted. There is a risk that we will not be able to obtain and perfect our own intellectual
property rights, or, where appropriate, license intellectual property rights from others to support new product introductions. There can
be no assurance that w e can acquire licenses under patents belonging to others for technology potentially useful or necessary
to us and there can be no assurance that such licenses will be available to us, if at all, on terms acceptable to us. Moreover, there
can be no assurance that any patent issued to or licensed by us will not be infringed or circumvented by others or will not be successfully
challenged by others in lawsuits. We do not have a reserve for litigation costs associated with intellectual property matters. The cost
of litigating intellectual property rights claims may be beyond our financial ability to fund. 

As is customary in the retail
industry, many of our customer agreements require us to indemnify our customers for third-party intellectual property infringement
claims. Such claims could harm our relationships with customers and might deter future customers from doing business with us. With
respect to any intellectual property rights claims against us or our customers, we may be required to cease manufacture of the
infringing product, pay damages and expend significant Company resources to defend against the claim and or seek a license. 

Information Technology 

The efficient operation of our business is dependent
on our information technology systems. We rely on those systems to manage our daily operations, communicate with our customers and maintain
our financial and accounting records. In the normal course of business, we receive information regarding customers, associates, and vendors.
Since we do not collect significant amounts of valuable personal data or sensitive business data from others, our internal computer systems
are under a light to moderate level of risk from hackers or other individuals with malicious intent to gain unauthorized access to our
computer systems. Cyberattacks are growing in number and sophistication and are an ongoing threat to business computer systems, which
are used to operate the business on a day to day basis. Our computer systems could be vulnerable to security breaches, computer viruses,
or other events. The failure of our information technology systems, our inability to successfully maintain our information or any compromise
of the integrity or security of the data we generate from our systems or an event resulting in the unauthorized disclosure of confidential
information or degradation of services provided by critical business systems, whether by us directly or our third-party service providers,
could adversely affect our business operations, sales, reputation with current and potential customers, associates or vendors, results
of operations, product development and make us unable or limit our ability to respond to customers demands. 

We have incorporated into our data network various
on and off-site data backup processes which should allow us to mitigate any data loss events, however our information technology systems
are vulnerable to damage or interruption from: 

hurricanes, fire, flood
 and other natural disasters 

power outage 

internet, computer system,
 telecommunications or data network failure Hacking as well as malware, computer viruses, ransomware and similar malicious software
 code 

Environmental Regulations 

We believe that the Company is in compliance with
environmental protection regulations and will not have a material impact on our financial position and results of operations. The Company
is not aware of any national, state or local environmental laws or regulations that will materially affect our earnings or competitive
position or result in material capital expenditures. However, the Company cannot predict the effect on our operations due to possible
future environmental legislation or regulations. During 2022, there were no material capital expenditures for environmental control facilities
and no such material expenditures are anticipated. 

17 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2022, we employed 3 employees in
our U.S. office and maintain consulting agreements with 4 individuals, 2 of which resided in Hong Kong, formerly employees of our Hong
Kong operation. We consider our relations with our employees to be good. None of our employees are covered by a collective bargaining
agreement. We believe that our staff is adequate to handle the current operations, but we recognize that the new product line and social
media marketing may require additional personnel. Our ability to hire additional personnel is subject to adequate revenue flow and funding. 

The following table sets forth the number of individuals
by function: 

Employee
 Function 
 Number
 of Employees 
 
 Executive 
 1 
 
 Sales/Customer Service/Distribution 
 2 
 
 Research Development/Technology/Product
 Development 
 2 
 
 Administrative 
 2 
 
 TOTAL 
 7 

Corporate Information 

Our principal executive offices
are located at 431 Fairway Drive, Suite #200, Deerfield Beach, Florida, USA 33441. Our telephone number is (954)570-8889 and our
website is at URL: www.capstonecompaniesinc.com. Our U.S. subsidiaries operate out of our principal executive offices. 

We file our financial information
and other materials required under the Exchange Act electronically with the SEC. These materials can be accessed electronically
via the Internet at www.sec.gov. Such materials and other information about the Company are also available through our corporate
website: https://www.capstonecompanies.com. 

Government Regulation 

Our
operations are subject to regulation by federal and state securities authorities as well as various federal, state, foreign and local
laws and regulations governing a consumer products company and a for-profit business. We are not subject to any U.S. federal, state or
local regulation that poses, in our opinion, any special or unusual burden or obstacle to conducting our business and financial affairs.
Our main concern, although greatly diminished in terms of government regulation is the changing regulatory environment in China and greater
Asia and its impact on our ability to access manufacturing sources and obtain our specific consumer products. Despite some political
uncertainty, Thailand continues to encourage foreign direct investment as a means of promoting economic development, employment, and
technology transfer. We established Thailand as an alternative to China. While the general trend in China has to be conducive to trade
and commerce in terms of U.S. companies conducting business with domestic companies, China is a still a single-party nation-state in
which the central government has the power to dramatically and immediately change its trade and commercial policies and laws. The Chinese
government has also imposed its laws, policies and directives in Hong Kong SAR, which has created uncertainty about whether Hong Kong
SAR will continue to encourage and enable foreign companies to conduct business in Hong Kong SAR without undue interference from the
Chinese government. Chinese government intervention in Hong Kong s political and legal affairs
since 2020, which has taken the form of unilaterally imposing Chinese laws and policies in Hong Kong, create a heightened threat of Hong
Kong s traditional pro-foreign business policies, regulation and economic environment being altered to suit national security concerns
and international objectives of the Chinese government and becoming untenable for foreign businesses, especially U.S. companies conducting
business in Hong Kong in light of growing U.S.-Chinese tensions in international affairs and global economic competition. Chinese government s
imposition of the National Security Law in Hong King on June 30, 2020 undermined Hong Kong s autonomy
and introduced heightened uncertainty for foreign and local firms operating in Hong Kong. On March 5, 2022, Chinese Premier Li Keqiang
asserted that Beijing intends to exercise overall jurisdiction over the two SARs, referring to Hong Kong and Macau .
Political or military conflict between the United States and China, who are rivals for power and influence in Asia and to an increasing
extent all along the Pacific Rim as well as being diametrically opposed to one another over the status of Taiwan, could provoke a even
more strident, anti-U.S. change in Chinese trade or commercial laws and
regulation, including Hong Kong trade and commercial laws, that makes it more difficult or expensive for us to obtain consumer products.
Such a development would have a serious impact on our ability to compete in the United States in the niche LED consumer product market. 

While Thailand has experienced
a degree of political instability for decades, due to the influence and intervention of the Thai military in political affairs,
the trade and commercial environment in Thailand has been generally receptive to and encouraging foreign commerce in Thailand.
U.S. State Department 2022 assessment of Thailand concluded that Thailand remains encouraging to foreign investment and commerce.
Due to uncertainties associated with conducting business in China and Hong Kong, the Company established manufacturing capabilities
in Thailand through a local contract manufacturing concern in order to reduce reliance on China and Hong Kong for products and
engineering. 

18 

Working Capital Requirements and Financing 

 In
 order to successfully launch the online Connected Surfaces business, the Company was required
 to maintain sufficient on hand available inventory levels, to allow for immediate fulfilment
 of an online order. This required additional investment combined
 with investments in new product expansion of Connected Surfaces, new product molds, product
 testing and outside certifications, package design work, and further expansion of its capabilities
 in Thailand, the Company may require additional working capital. 

On January 4, 2021, the Company entered a 750,000
working capital loan agreement with Directors, Stewart Wallach and Jeffrey Postal. The short-term facility ended June 30, 2021 Initial
Period ). The Company had the option to extend the Initial Period for an additional six consecutive months, ending December 31,
2021, but decided not to renew. 

On April 5, 2021, the Company entered into five
separate securities purchase agreements SPAs whereby the Company privately placed an aggregate of 2,496,667 shares of
Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price 1,498,000 (transactions being referred to as the Private Placement ). The
five investors in the Private Placement consisted of four private equity funds and one individual all being accredited
investors (under Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Securities Act ). The
 1,498,000 in proceeds from the Private Placement was used mostly to purchase start up inventory for the Company s new Smart Mirror
product line, for a major online e-commerce fulfilment company, and the remainder for advertising and working capital. 

On July 2, 2021, the Board of
Directors Board resolved that the Company required a purchase order funding facility to procure additional inventory
to support the online Smart Mirror product. The Board resolved that certain Directors could negotiate the terms of a Purchase Order
Funding Agreement for up to 1,020,000 with Directors S. Wallach and J. Postal and E. Fleisig, a natural person. On October 18,
2021 the Company received the 1,020,000 funding under this agreement. The term of the agreement is 30 months with principal accruing
a simple interest rate of 5 percent per annum. These loans may be prepaid in full or partially without any penalty. 

On May 1, 2022, the Company negotiated three
 200,000 working capital funding agreements, to provide 600,000 in funding for daily operations. The Board resolved that certain Directors
could negotiate the terms of a Working Capital Funding Agreement for up to a total of 600,000, with Directors S. Wallach (through Group
Nexus, a company controlled by Mr. Wallach), J. Postal and Mouhaned Khoury, a natural person. On May 1 st the three individual
agreements became effective. The term of each agreement is 18 months with principal accruing a simple interest rate of 5 percent per annum.
These loans may be prepaid in full or partially without any penalty. 

On October 13, 2022, the
Company negotiated a 50,000 Working Capital Funding agreement with Jeffrey Postal, a director, to provide funding for daily operations
(the Working Capital Funding Agreement ). The term of this agreement is 18 months and principal accrues simple interest
at a rate of 5 percent per annum. The loan may be prepaid in full or partially without any penalty. 

On December 1, 2022, the
Company negotiated a 50,000 Working Capital Funding agreement with Jeffrey Postal, a director, to provide funding for daily operations
(the Working Capital Funding Agreement ). The term of this agreement is 18 months and principal accrues simple interest
at a rate of 5 percent per annum. The loan may be prepaid in full or partially without any penalty. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a total
of 1,802,230 outstanding on the above referenced funding agreements, which includes accrued interest of 82,231. 

19 

The Company s ability to maintain sufficient
working capital is highly dependent upon achieving expected operating results. Failure to achieve expected operating results could have
a material adverse effect on the Company s working capital, ability to obtain financing, and its operations in the future. 

With the net operating loss of 2.663 million,
the Company utilized 1.904 million of cash for operating expenses during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 2.371
million used in the same period last year. During the period, the Company s cash decreased approximately 1.2 million after securing
net proceeds of 700 thousand in working capital loans. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had working capital deficit of approximately 448 thousand), an accumulated deficit of approximately 9.1 million, and a cash balance of 61 thousand. These conditions raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

On July 15, 2021, Jeffrey Guzy a Company director,
exercised a previously granted non-qualified stock option and purchased 100,000 shares of Company common stock for an aggregate purchase
price of 43,500 or a per share price of .435. The shares are restricted shares under federal securities laws and were acquired by independent
Director Guzy. The proceeds were used by the Company for general working capital to support the rollout of the Smart Mirror product line. 

During 2023 and
through the date of this filing, the Company has received 183,500 in working capital note payable proceeds from Director, Stewart
Wallach. Principal accrues simple interest at a rate of 5 percent per annum, maturing June 26, 2023 with the ability for the Company
to request a 90-day extension. The loan may be prepaid in full or partially without any penalty. 

On January
3, 2023, the Company negotiated a 40,000 Working Capital Funding agreement with Director Stewart. Wallach (through Group Nexus, a company
controlled by Mr. Wallach), to provide funding for daily operations (the Working Capital Loan Agreement ). The term was
originally 60 days but allowed for the maturity date to be extended 90 days by the Company with written notice to Mr. Wallach. Therefore,
the 40,000 working capital advance plus accrued interest matures June 2023. Principal accrues simple interest at a rate of 5 percent
per annum. The loan may be prepaid in full or partially without any penalty. 

In addition, we intend to seek alternative sources
of liquidity, including but not limited to accessing the capital markets, or other alternative financing measures. However, instability
in, or tightening of the capital markets, could adversely affect our ability to access the capital markets on terms acceptable to us.
An economic recession or a slow recovery could adversely affect our business and liquidity. The ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic
on the Company s business and financial performance may also affect the Company s ability to obtain funding. 

The Company s liquidity and cash requirements
are discussed more fully in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,
below. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Described below and throughout this Form 10-K report
are certain factors and risks that the Company s management believes are applicable to the Company s business and the industries
in which it operates. If any of the described events occur, the Company s business, results of operations, financial condition,
liquidity, or access to funding could be materially adversely affected. When stated below that a risk or factor may have a material adverse
effect on the Company business, it means that such risk may have one or more of these effects. There may be additional risks that are
not presently material or known. There are also risks within the economy, the industry, and the capital markets that could have a material
adverse effect on the Company, including those associated with an economic recession, inflation, a global economic slowdown, political
instability, government regulation (including tax regulation), employee attraction and retention, and customers inability or refusal
to pay for the products and services provided by the company. There are also risks associated with the occurrence of extraordinary events,
such as terrorist attacks or natural disasters (such as tsunamis, hurricanes, tornadoes, and floods) and pandemics or epidemics. These
risks and factors affect businesses generally, including the Company, its customers and suppliers and, as a result, are not discussed
in detail below, but are applicable to the Company. As a penny stock without primary market maker support, any investment
in our Common Stock is highly risky and should only be considered by investors who can afford to lose their entire investment and do not
require immediate liquidity. These risk factors are not the only risks that we or our subsidiaries may face. Additional risks and uncertainties
not presently known to us or not currently believed to be important also may adversely affect our business. 

20 

Business and Operational Risks 

The declining revenues in 2021 and 2022
of our primary business line of LED lighting products, the delay in launching our new Connected Surfaces product line and the product
line not becoming a replacement revenue source have resulted in significant operating losses and imposed a need to sustain operations
with outside funding of working capital. If the Company cannot obtain adequate, affordable funding, whether equity or debt, as needed,
the Company will have difficulty sustaining the Company as a going concern. 

The adverse financial results on our business and
financial performance in 2022 from the COVID-19 pandemic, inflation and changes in consumer spending during 2022 coupled with the declining
performance of the LED product lines placed a significant financial strain on our Company. Cash flow from operations was and is not sufficient
to sustain operations and support launch of Connected Surfaces Smart Mirror product line as a primary revenue source. In order to attempt
to secure adequate working capital in 2022, we took the actions detailed below. These actions are not deemed sufficient to meet all expected
working capital needs for 2023 for a full implementation of our plan to establish the Connected Surfaces product lines as viable product
lines and to meet general operating overhead needs. We anticipate the need to raise working capital funding to meet our funding needs
in 2023 and supplement any cash flow from operations. Because of the low market price and liquidity of our Common Stock, our declining
financial performance and condition in 2021 and 2022, lack of hard assets required for asset based loans, and our transition from a declining
product line and primary source to a new, unproven product line, we may be unable to raise necessary, affordable and timely working capital
in 2023 and that failure could be fatal to our ability to sustain the Company as an operating company. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
used cash in operations of approximately 1.9 million and generated net operating losses of approximately 2.6 million. As of December
31, 2022, the Company has working capital deficit of approximately 448 thousand) and an accumulated deficit of 9.1 million. The Company s
cash balance decreased approximately 1.2 million from 1.3 million as of December 31, 2021 to 61 thousand as of December 31, 2022. Although
we have cash on hand, the Company does not have sufficient cash on hand to finance its plan of operations for the next 12 months from
the filing of this report and we will need to seek additional capital through debt and/or equity financing to fully fund operational overhead
and fully fund the effort to establish the Connected Surfaces Smart Mirror product line as the primary revenue source in 2023. While certain
directors have provided working capital funding to the Company in the past, including 2022, there is no guarantee, and none can be given
that these insiders will do so when and as required by the Company in 2023. 

21 

We took the following actions to obtain or arrange
sources of working capital funding in 2022 and 2023: 

On May 1, 2022, the Company negotiated
three 200,000 working capital funding agreements, to provide 600,000 in funding for daily operations. The Board resolved that
certain Directors could negotiate the terms of a Working Capital Funding Agreement for up to a total of 600,000, with Directors
S. Wallach (through Group Nexus, a company controlled by Mr. Wallach), J. Postal and Mouhaned Khoury, a natural person. On May
1, 2022, the three individual agreements became effective. The term of each agreement is 18 months with principal accruing
a simple interest rate of 5 percent per annum. These loans may be prepaid in full or partially without any penalty. 

On October 13, 2022, the
Company negotiated a 50,000 Working Capital Funding agreement with Jeffrey Postal, a director, to provide funding for daily operations
(the Working Capital Funding Agreement ). The term of this agreement is 18 months and principal accrues simple interest
at a rate of 5 percent per annum. The loan may be prepaid in full or partially without any penalty. 

On December 1, 2022, the
Company negotiated a 50,000 Working Capital Funding agreement with Jeffrey Postal, a director, to provide funding for daily operations
(the Working Capital Funding Agreement ). The term of this agreement is 18 months and principal accrues simple interest
at a rate of 5 percent per annum. The loan may be prepaid in full or partially without any penalty. 

On January 3, 2023, the
Company negotiated a 40,000 Working Capital Funding agreement with Director S. Wallach (through Group Nexus, a company controlled
by Mr. Wallach), to provide funding for daily operations (the Working Capital Loan Agreement ). The term of this
agreement is 5 months and principal accrues simple interest at a rate of 5 percent per annum. The loan may be prepaid in full
or partially without any penalty. 

Subsequent
 to December 31, 2022, and through the date of this filing, the Company has received 183,500
 in working capital note payable proceeds from Director, Stewart Wallach. Principal
 accrues simple interest at a rate of 5 percent per annum, maturing June 26, 2023 2023 with
 the ability for the Company to request a 90-day extension. The loan may be prepaid in full
 or partially without any penalty. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 61
thousand of cash. We have taken a number of actions short-term and long-term to preserve existing capital, including reducing capital
expenditures, reducing employee workforce, reducing discretionary expenditures, executive management salary reductions and deferment of
payment, expense reductions related to closing the CIHK operations in Hong Kong and reductions in travel, hotel and show expenses. The
Company has been in discussions with alternate funding sources that provide additional sourcing options for the Connected Surfaces business
channel that the Company is transitioning into. However, in the event that we are unable to negotiate a new credit facility or if cash
on hand and cash generated from operations are not sufficient to meet our cash requirements, we will need to seek additional capital,
potentially through debt or equity financing, to fund our operations and future growth. Our ability to access the credit and capital markets
in the future as a source of liquidity, and the borrowing costs associated with such financing, are dependent upon market conditions and
our credit rating and outlook. With our reported losses in recent years, we cannot assure that we will be able to negotiate competitive
rates, which could increase our cost of borrowing in the future. In addition, equity financing may be on terms that are dilutive or potentially
dilutive to our stockholders, and the prices at which new investors would be willing to purchase our securities may be lower than the
current price per share of our common stock. The holders of new securities may also have rights, preferences or privileges which are senior
to those of existing holders of common stock. If new sources of financing are required, but are insufficient or unavailable, we will be
required to modify our growth and operating plans based on available funding, if any, which would harm our ability to grow or sustain
our business. 

22 

The Company does not have an
alternative product line to replace the Connected Surfaces product lines in 2023. If the Connected Surfaces product line does
not become a viable revenue source in 2023, the Company will need funding to sustain operations and efforts to establish
the Connected Surface product line as a viable revenue source. 

The Company does not have an alternative
product line to the Connected Surfaces product lines and would be unable to develop an alternative in 2023. The failure of Connected
Surfaces product lines to produce sufficient cash flow in 2023 or early 2024 could potentially force the Company to effect an
extraordinary corporate transaction to protect shareholder value and sustain the Company as an operating company. An extraordinary
corporate transaction could include a merger or sale of the Company or reorganization of the Company under bankruptcy protection
or otherwise or could result in the liquidation of the current business and efforts to fund a new business line in 2023 or 2024
 if adequate, affordable funding is available. The Company may be unable to effect, if necessary, an extraordinary corporate
transaction or obtain significant funding for a new product line in 2023 to sustain the Company as an operating company. Reorganization
under the protection of the bankruptcy code is one possible extraordinary corporate transaction if the Connected Surfaces product
lines does not become a viable revenue source and other extraordinary corporate transactions are not possible. While the Company
is continuing efforts to establish the Connected Surfaces product line as a viable revenue source, the Company is exploring possible
alternative new business lines, which alternative business lines could be internally developed with sufficient funding or acquired
in a merger or asset acquisition. 

COVID 19 pandemic and actions to stem
or combat its impact adversely impacted our business and financial performance in 2022 and first quarter of 2023 and may continue to do
so in the remainder of 2023. COVID 19 pandemic and remedial actions was especially detrimental to the Company in that they delayed the
development, production, shipping and availability as inventory of our Connected Surfaces Smart Mirrors product line until first quarter
of 2022, which resulted in the LED lighting product line as the Company s primary and declining business line and revenue source
in 2022 and continuation of operating losses. 

The principal adverse impact of COVID-19 pandemic
and remedial responses on our business was to delay the development, production, shipping, adequate available inventory and full marketing
and sales of our new product line, the Smart Mirrors, as a timely replacement for our LED lighting product line as our primary business
line and revenue source. Instead of launching the Smart Mirror product line in 2021, the launch was delayed into early 2022. In addition,
consumer spending habits changed with the full re-opening of business. Consumers discretionary income was spent on social activities and
experiences such as restaurant dining, fitness club memberships, concerts, vacations and travel.. There was a significant decline in home
goods purchasing, for which the LED lighting and our Connected Surfaces products fall into, as the average consumer chose experiences
and social gatherings over home goods. Global inflation was at an all-time high in response to COVID 19 s impacts on the Global
economies, with the United States reporting a 9.1 inflation rate during 2022, the highest rate of inflation since the early 1980 s.
Furthermore the Company launched the Connected Surfaces Smart Mirror via a new e-commerce marketing strategy, for which the Company was
navigating in real time and had no prior industry experience with and seemingly struggled to convert marketing efforts into sales, These
factors contributed to the Company suffering a worsening financial condition with accumulating operating losses in 2022 and into first
quarter of 2023. The Company has a need for working capital funding to cover operating overhead and cost of implementing the efforts to
establish the Connected Surfaces products as the primary business line and revenue source for the Company in 2023. The Company commenced
the sales of the Smart Mirror in first quarter of 2022 and does not have sufficient sales and operational experience to determine whether
the adverse impact of COVID-19 pandemic, inflation and related ripple effects 2022 will materially, adversely impact our sales of Connected
Surfaces product lines in 2023. The success of the Connected Surfaces product lines in 2023 is critical to our ability to sustain operations
and will also affect our ability to raise working capital when and if needed to sustain operations in 2023 and into 2024. 

The adverse financial results from the COVID-19 pandemic
on our business and financial performance coupled with our transition in new product focus on Connected Surfaces products and its inability
to date to produce necessary revenues to support operational overhead and declining performance of the LED Lighting product lines places
a significant financial strain on our Company. 

Due to the limited number of employees
and contractors who conduct Company operations, COVID-19 pandemic has a more significant and lasting impact on our company than
larger competitor companies with significantly greater number of employees, contractors, facilities and overall resources. The
impact of COVID-19 pandemic was especially severe on the Company due to traditional reliance on Chinese-Hong Kong manufacturing
and the ongoing impact of COVID-19 pandemic in China and Hong Kong in 2021 and 2022. 

23 

We anticipate the available funding will sustain operations
for Q1 2023, but this assumption may prove to be incorrect. However, to sustain future operations and revenue growth we will also
need either adequate and affordable additional working capital funding including purchase order funding or adequate cash flow from sales
of products in fiscal year 2023. We can give no assurances that we will be able to secure affordable, adequate and timely funding as necessary
in the future. The economic disruption resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic has had an adverse impact on the global freight shipping industry
and on the cost of shipping our products. Continuation of current overall inflationary pressures coupled with any continuation or worsening
of shipping problems and associated increased costs could severely impact our business and financial condition by decreasing consumer
demand for Connected Surface products. 

Our operating results and
sustainability as an operating company are substantially dependent on the acceptance of new products. 

The Connected Surfaces product lines are our
effort to establish a viable product line to replace the matured LED product line and the success of the Connected Surfaces product lines
are critical to our continued operation as a consumer product company. Our future success depends on our ability to deliver innovative,
higher performing and lower cost solutions for existing and new markets and for customers to accept those solutions. As a small company,
innovation is critical to our ability to compete with larger competitors. We must introduce new products in a timely and cost-effective
manner, and we must secure production orders for those products from our customers. The development of new products is a highly complex
process, and we have in some instances experienced delays in completing the development and introduction of new products. Our research
and development efforts are aimed at solving increasingly complex problems, and we do not expect that all our projects will be successful.
The successful development, introduction and acceptance of new products depend on a number of factors, including the following: 

Having adequate, affordable, timely working capital
 funding. 

achievement of technology
 solutions required to make commercially viable products. 

the accuracy of our predictions
 for market requirements. 

our ability to predict,
 influence and / or reach evolving consumer and technical standards. 

our timely completion of
 product designs and development. 

our ability to effectively
 transfer increasingly complex products and technology from development to manufacturing; and 

market acceptance of our
 new product by retailers and consumers and availability of adequate inventory to timely meet demands of retailers and customers. 

If any of these or other similar factors becomes
problematic, we may not be able to deliver and introduce new products in a timely or cost-effective manner and be unable to effectively
compete in the product market segment. 

24 

As further detailed
below, the Connected Surfaces product line did not achieve the level of consumer acceptance as anticipated and, consequently, orders
from e-commerce for the Connected Surfaces product line were insignificant in 2022. The primary intended appeal of the Smart Mirrors,
being a residential Internet connected residential device for under 1,000, may not meet current consumer demands in the smart mirror
or connected device marketplace and Company efforts to establish the Smart Mirror line in 2023 as a viable revenue source may fail. While
the Company has developed a smart version of a cutting board in 2023, this prototype is under technical review as of the date of the
filing of this Form 10-K. The Company does not have an alternative product line as of the first fiscal quarter of 2023. 

Our operations depend on a small
number of personnel and the loss of key personnel or the inability to replace or add key personnel could have a significant impact on
our ability to grow or sustain operations. 

We operate the executive operations
with a relatively small number of personnel. Company has not developed personnel to readily replace key personnel. The loss of
key personnel, being Stewart Wallach, Company s Chief Executive Officer would severely harm the business. As of December
31, 2022, James McClinton, our Chief Financial Officer for over 30 years, elected to retire. The Company hired Dana Eschenburg
Perez, as an external consultant as of January 1, 2023 to perform the functions of Chief Financial Officer. We do not have key
man life insurance. 

Our personnel are focused on executive
management or marketing. Our marketing is supplemented by contractor sales agencies, and we have a relatively small research and
development capability overseas. We rely on OEMs for certain technical development and design, and we have no current plans to
develop an in-house technical development staff. The loss of an OEM would disrupt our business operations if we could not find
a suitable replacement in short order. Company evaluates potential OEM s from time to time to identify possible alternative
production and technical development resources. If our operations grow, we may have to increase the number of our personnel in
the future to handle any growth or expansion of product lines or product categories. Our ability to find and retain qualified
personnel when needed by our growth or existing operations will be an important factor in determining our success in coping with
any growth or efficiently handling existing operational burdens. 

25 

During a downturn in the economy, consumer
purchases of discretionary items are affected, which could materially harm our sales, profitability and financial condition and our prospects
for growth. Historic inflation in 2022 has created uncertainty about consumer confidence and its impact on demand for our products in
2023. 

Many of our products may be considered discretionary
items for consumers. Factors affecting the level of consumer spending for such discretionary items include general economic conditions,
unemployment, the availability of consumer credit and consumer confidence in future economic conditions. Uncertainty in U.S. economic
conditions continues, particularly considering the impacts rising inflation, the COVID-19 pandemic, and trends in consumer discretionary
spending remain unpredictable. While the impact on the global economy remains uncertain, the United States has experienced a significant
reduction in unemployment and financial markets have remained robust and uncertain at times. Historically, consumer purchases of discretionary
items tend to decline during recessionary periods when disposable income is lower or during other periods of economic instability or uncertainty,
which may lead to declines in sales and slow our long-term growth expectations. Any near or long-term downturn in the U.S. market in which
we sell most of our products, or other key markets, may materially harm our sales, profitability and financial condition and our prospects
for growth. 

The U.S. economy has experienced inflation of
6.4 for the Consumer Price Index for all Urban Consumers for the 12 months ended January 2023, which is a 40-year high rate, according
to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. Inflationary rate for energy costs i a major component of the historic inflation and the war between
Russian Federation and Ukraine added to the inflationary rate for energy costs. High inflation is one factor that could adversely impact
consumer purchases of discretionary items like smart mirrors as well as add to the cost of transporting our products from Asia to the
U.S. We do not have sufficient operating experience in the sale of the Smart Mirrors as of the date of the filing of this Form 10-K to
determine the impact on 2023 revenues of this inflationary increase. 

If we are unable to effectively
develop, manage and expand our marketing programs and sales channels for our products, our operating results may suffer. 

Our launch of an e-commerce website and social
media promotions of products are a new approach to marketing for our company and we lack sufficient operational history to judge the effectiveness
of the effort. These marketing efforts did not produce any significant sales of products in 2022 and the Company has returned to direct
sales efforts to brick-and-mortar retailers as the most cost effective marketing strategy. The success of the Connected Surfaces products
is critical to stabilizing and improving the business and financial condition as well as prospects of the Company. We do not have an extensive
staff devoted to e-commerce and social media promotions and we have not retained outside firms to assist on a regular basis in this effort.
The Company is seeking funding to support the promotion of the Connected Surfaces products. Attaining affordable funding of the marketing
effort may be critical to success of the marketing and promotion of the Connected Surfaces products. The cost and difficulty of establishing
a new product line is difficult to estimate and difficult to fund by a small company like the Company, especially when that effort is
faced with the inherent difficulties of penetrating an emerging, new product segment like smart mirrors, which has a growing number of
competitors and has an ongoing, evolving need to meet changing consumer expectations and demands for enhanced or new technologies and
functions; and against numerous competitors with significantly greater financial and technology resources, brand recognition and brand
loyalty by consumers and logistical and marketing capabilities than our company. 

Retailers may alter their promotional pricing
or inventory strategies, which could impact our targeted sales of our products. If we are unable to effectively penetrate these channels
or develop alternate channels to ensure our products are reaching the intended customer base, our financial results may be adversely impacted.
In addition, if we successfully penetrate or develop these channels, we cannot guarantee that customers will accept our products. 

26 

The markets in which we operate
are highly competitive and have evolving technical or consumer requirements. 

The markets for our smart mirror products are
highly competitive. The smart or interactive mirror market is an emerging market and attracting new competitors many of those
competitors have significantly greater business, personnel, technical and financial resources than us and have greater access to distribution
channels on a domestic and international basis. They also have or have the ability to establish brand recognition and reputation with
consumers in domestic and international markets on a scale that we cannot match. Although the Company is seeking an apparently accessible
niche market in smart mirrors, the sub 1,000 residential market, the Company may be unable to overcome larger competitors in this niche
market or gain a profitable niche in this market. Since the Company relies on OEM s for technical development, the Company may also
be unable to compete with new technologies and functions in the smart mirror market or be able to affordably license new technologies
or functions that are demanded by consumers. 

In the consumer lighting market, which is a
maturing market for us, we compete with companies that manufacture and sell traditional lighting products and we compete with companies
that make smart mirrors for residential use, we compete with companies that have greater market share, name recognition and technical
resources than we do. Competitors continue to offer new products with aggressive pricing. Aggressive pricing actions by our competitors
in our businesses could reduce margins if we are not able to reduce costs at an equal or greater rate than the sales price decline. 

With the increased demand for
consumer smart products, including the Connected Surfaces, which is the focus of our business, we will continue
to face increased competition in the future across our businesses. If the investment in capacity exceeds the growth in demand
the electronic consumer market is likely to become more competitive with additional pricing pressures. With the emerging and evolving
smart mirror market, we face growing competition and rapidly changing product technology and functionalities. 

As competition increases in smart products,
including connected surfaces, we need to continue to develop new products that meet or exceed the needs of our customers. Adequate, affordable
and available funding is key to our ability to compete in the smart mirror markets. Competitors may also try to align with some of our
strategic customers. This could lead to lower prices for our products, reduced demand for our products and a corresponding reduction in
our ability to recover development, engineering and manufacturing costs. Any of these developments could have an adverse effect on our
business, results of operations or financial condition. 

As is true in any consumer product industry,
the ability of a company to respond to changing consumer tastes and purchasing habits is key to success in consumer products. Introduction
of new products brings the risk of increased development, production and marketing costs as well as that investment failing to produce
revenues or profits that justify the investment in new products. 

If our products fail to perform or fail
to meet customer requirements or expectations, we could incur significant additional costs, including costs associated with the recall
of those items. 

The manufacturing of our products involves complex
processes. We have just started to sell the Smart Mirrors in 2022 and we do not have sufficient consumer experience with our products
to determine the extent of any customer service problems or product returns and defects and those factors impact on revenues. Our customers
specify quality, performance and reliability standards that we must meet. If our products do not meet these standards, we may be required
to replace or rework the products. In some cases, our products may contain undetected defects that only become evident after shipment
and used by consumers. Even if our products meet standard specifications, our customers may attempt to use our products in applications
for which they were not designed resulting in product failures and creating customer satisfaction issues. For a small company, identifying
and meeting consumer demand and product quality standards are critical to our business and financial performance. 

27 

If failures or defects occur, they could result
in significant losses or product recalls due to: 

costs associated with the
 removal, collection and destruction of the product. 

payments made to replace
 product. 

costs associated with repairing
 the product. 

the write-down or destruction
 of existing inventory. 

insurance recoveries that
 fail to cover the full costs associated with product recalls. 

lost sales due to the unavailability
 of product for a period. 

delays, cancellations or
 rescheduling of order for our products; or 

increased product returns. 

A significant product recall could also result in
adverse publicity, damage to our reputation and a loss of customer or consumer confidence in our products and could substantially undermine
or delay any success in the critical Connected Surfaces product launch. Further, while we believe that product liability for consumer
electronic products is not significant or widespread, we could face product liability lawsuits or regulatory proceedings by the Consumer
Product Safety Commission (CPSC) and could suffer losses from a significant product liability judgment or adverse CPSC finding against
us if the use of our products at issue is determined to have caused injury or contained a substantial product hazard to the public. We
provide warranty periods of 1 year on our products. Although we believe our warranty reserves are appropriate, we are making projections
about the future reliability of new products and technologies, and we may experience increased variability in warranty claims. Increased
warranty claims could result in significant losses due to a rise in warranty expense and costs associated with customer support. 

28 

Historically, we depended on a limited number of retail customers
for a substantial portion of our LED revenue, and the loss of, or a significant reduction in purchases by, one or more of these customers
could adversely affect our operating results for any LED lighting product sales as well as any sales of Smart Mirror products sold through
these retailers. 

While we are seeking to establish a vibrant
e-commerce capability and social media marketing effort to support the e-commerce initiative, we remain dependent on brick and mortar
retailers and their e-commerce efforts or on third party e-commerce retailers like Amazon and Wayfair. As such, if product sales from
our retail customers decline, it will adversely impact our financial and business performance, which could be especially damaging in light
of our need to transition from LED lighting product line to the new Smart Mirror product line. 

Our results of operations could be materially
harmed if we are unable to accurately forecast demand for our products. 

If we do not accurately predict consumer demand
for products, we may be unable to produce products that are in demand and our financial performance will suffer. Our ability to timely
exploit the enhanced consumer interest in smart mirrors was delayed by COVID-19 pandemic impact on our OEM s and shipment of products
from China. The Smart Mirrors product line was intended to replace the declining sales of the LED lighting products and the continuing
efforts to establish the Smart Mirrors product line has a viable replacement product line has placed a significant financial stain on
the Company. While the Company has another product in development, the Company must secure outside funding to sustain operations while
it continues efforts to establish the Smart Mirror product line as a source for a viable revenue stream and, failing that, to explore
and pursue possible new business lines through joint venture, merger, acquisition, or other significant corporate transaction. 

To ensure adequate inventory
supply for the new product categories and to support e-commerce, we must forecast inventory needs and place orders with our manufacturers
before firm orders are placed by our customers. If we fail to accurately forecast customer demand, we may experience excess inventory
levels or a shortage of products to deliver to our online customers. With the logistical problems referenced above, the
forecast of inventory needs is even more crucial to our business and financial performance and efforts to establish a viable Smart
Mirrors product line and revenue source. We could accurately predict inventory needs and timely place orders for products and
then have logistical problems delay delivering of products and result in a lack of inventory to fill orders. The ability to timely
fill orders for Smart Mirrors is an important achievement in the effort to establish the Smart Mirror product line as a viable
revenue source. 

Factors that could affect our ability to accurately
forecast demand for our products include: 

an increase or decrease
 in consumer demand for our products. 

our failure to accurately
 forecast consumer acceptance for our new products. 

product introductions by
 competitors. 

unanticipated changes in
 general market conditions or other factors, which may result in cancellations of advance orders or a reduction or increase in the
 rate of reorders or at-once orders placed by retailers. 

weakening of economic conditions
 or consumer confidence in future economic conditions, which could reduce demand for discretionary items, such as our products; and 

terrorism or acts of war,
 or the threat thereof, political or labor instability or unrest or public health concerns and disease epidemics, such as the current
 COVID-19 pandemic, which could adversely affect consumer confidence and spending or interrupt production and distribution of product
 and raw materials. 

constraints on marketing
 and sales efforts and analysis due to limited financial resources. 

Inventory levels in excess of customer demand
may result in inventory write-downs or write-offs and the sale of excess inventory at discounted prices or in less preferred distribution
channels, which could have an adverse effect on gross margin. In addition, if we underestimate the demand for our products, our manufacturers
may not be able to produce products to meet our customer requirements, and this could result in delays in the shipment of our products
and our ability to recognize revenue, lost sales, as well as damage to our reputation and retailer and distributor relationships. These
risks have materially increased and may persist with the market disruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic on our foreign OEM s
and related supply chain problems. 

29 

The consumer electronics industry is subject to significant pricing pressure
caused by many factors, including technological advancements, intense competition, consolidation in the retail industry, pressure from
retailers to reduce the costs of products and changes in consumer demand. While unlikely as the product segment is in its earliest stages,
these factors could cause us to reduce our prices to retailers and consumers or engage in more promotional activity than we anticipate.
For example, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic s impact on the retail industry, including retail store closures and
decreased consumer traffic and purchasing, many of our competitors have engaged in, and may continue to engage in, additional promotional
activities focused on e-commerce sales. As traditional brick-and-mortar stores reopened post-pandemic, we saw further discounting across
our industry as businesses manage excess inventory levels. In addition, our ability to achieve short-term growth targets may be negatively
impacted if we are unwilling to engage in promotional activity on a scale similar to that of our competitors and we are unable to simultaneously
offset declining promotional activity with increased sales at premium price points. This could have a material adverse effect on our results
of operations and financial conditions. 

Fluctuations in the cost of products could negatively affect
our operating results. 

The components used by our suppliers and manufacturers
are made of raw materials that may be subject to significant price fluctuations or shortages that could materially adversely affect our
cost of goods sold. In addition, certain of our manufacturers are subject to government regulations related to wage rates, and therefore
the labor costs to produce our products may fluctuate. The cost of transporting our products for distribution and sale is also subject
to fluctuation. Because our products are manufactured abroad, our products must be transported by third parties over large geographical
distances, increased demand for freight services at a time of reduced ocean freight capacity, can significantly increase costs. Manufacturing
delays or unexpected transportation delays, such as those caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, can also cause us to rely more heavily on airfreight
to achieve timely delivery to our customers, which significantly increases freight costs. Any of these fluctuations may increase our cost
of products and have an adverse effect on our profit margins, results of operations and financial condition. The continuation of the historic
inflation of 2022 could adversely impact our competitive pricing strategy by imposing increased production and shipping costs for the
Smart Mirrors in 2023. 

Regulatory and Legal Risks 

Our business may be impaired by claims
that we infringe the intellectual property rights of others. 

Litigation between competitors over intellectual
property rights can be a common business practice in an industry as a means to protect or gain market share. Litigation to determine the
validity of patents or claims by third parties of infringement of patents or other intellectual property rights could result in significant
legal expense and divert the efforts of our technical personnel and management, even if the litigation results in a determination favorable
to us. In the event of an adverse result in such litigation, we could be required to: 

pay substantial damages. 

indemnify our customers. 

stop the manufacture, use
 and sale of products found to be infringing. 

discontinue the use of
 processes found to be infringing. 

expend significant resources
 to develop non-infringing products or processes; or 

obtain a license to use
 third party technology. 

The risk of infringement claims may be greater
in emerging products and technologies like smart mirrors. 

30 

There can be no assurance that third parties will
not attempt to assert infringement claims against us with respect to our products. Additionally, if an infringement claim against the
Company or its customers is successful, the Company may be required to pay damages or seek royalty or license arrangements, which may
not be available on commercially reasonable terms. The payment of any such damages or royalties may significantly increase the Company s
operating expenses and materially harm the company s operating results and financial condition. Further, royalty or license arrangements
may not be available at all, which would then require the company to stop selling certain products or using certain technologies, which
could negatively affect the company s ability to compete effectively. We do not have reserves for litigation or insurance for infringement
litigation costs. This kind of litigation is typically very expensive to litigate, and we may lack the funds to aggressively litigate
infringement claims against us or against competitors, which could lead to a materially adverse impact on our business. 

Our operations in foreign countries expose us to certain risks
inherent in doing business internationally, which may adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

We have revenue, operations and contract
manufacturing arrangements in overseas that expose us to certain risks. Fluctuations in exchange rates may affect our revenue,
expenses and results of operations as well as the value of our assets and liabilities as reflected in our financial statements.
We are also subject to other types of risks, including the following: 

Delays in shipping or production
 of products or increased costs in production and shipping of products from international sources, including delays in unloading shipped
 products in U.S. ports. 

protection of intellectual
 property and trade secrets. 

tariffs, customs, trade
 sanctions, trade embargoes and other barriers to importing/exporting materials and products in a cost effective and timely manner,
 or changes in applicable tariffs or custom rules. 

rising labor costs or labor
 unrest. 

the burden of complying
 with foreign and international laws. 

adverse
 tax consequences. 

the
 risk that because our brand names may not be locally or nationally recognized, we must spend significant amounts of time and money
 to build brand recognition without certainty that we will be successful. 

political
 conflict or trade wars affecting our efforts to conduct business abroad. 

Changes in regulatory, geopolitical, social,
economic, or monetary policies and other factors may have a material adverse effect on our business in the future or may require us to
significantly modify our current business practices. Abrupt political change, terrorist activity and armed conflict pose a risk of general
economic disruption in affected countries, which could also result in an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

31 

We do not have extensive prior experience in
conducting business in Thailand, which is the location of our product development and production (supplemented by contractors in China).
This lack of experience may delay accomplishing our business milestones for development or production of product from our Thailand OEM s. 

Our financial results and ability to grow our
business may be negatively impacted by economic, regulatory and political risks beyond our control. 

All of our manufacturers are located outside
of the United States and in 2022, 13 of net revenue was generated by international business. As a result, we are subject to risks associated
with doing business abroad, including: 

political
 or labor unrest, terrorism, public health crises, disease epidemics and economic instability resulting in the disruption of trade
 from foreign countries in which our products are manufactured. 

currency
 exchange fluctuations or requirements to transact in specific currencies. 

the
 imposition of new laws and regulations or government-imposed protective or preventative measures, including those relating to labor
 conditions, quality and safety standards and disease epidemics or other public health concerns, as well as rules and regulations
 regarding climate change. 

actions
 of foreign or U.S. governmental authorities impacting trade and foreign investment, particularly during periods of heightened tension
 between U.S. and foreign governments, including the imposition of new import limitations, duties, anti-dumping penalties, trade restrictions
 or restrictions on the transfer of funds. 

reduced
 protection for intellectual property rights in some countries. 

disruptions
 or delays in shipments. 

changes
 in local economic conditions in countries where our customers, manufacturers and suppliers are located. 

These risks could negatively affect the ability
of our manufacturers to produce or deliver our products or procure materials and increase our cost of doing business generally, any of
which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. If one or more of these factors,
make it undesirable or impractical for us to conduct business in a particular country our business could be adversely affected. 

Additional Financial Risk Factors 

Our inadequate or expensive funding and financing alternatives. 

Our current short-term debt level as of December
31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately 620 thousand and 0, respectively. 

The Company will need additional outside working
capital funding in fiscal year 2023 to support the Company s operations and further marketing and distribution of the Smart Mirror
and development of the Connected Surfaces additional product lines. 

Cash flow from operations are primarily dependent
on our net income adjusted for non-cash expenses and the timing of collections of receivables, level of inventory and payments to suppliers. 

Other adverse consequences could include: 

a
 significant portion of our cash from operations could be dedicated to the payment of interest and principal on future debt, which
 could reduce the funds available for operations. 

the
 level of our future debt could leave us vulnerable in a period of significant economic downturn; and 

we
 may not be financially able to withstand significant and sustained competitive pressures. 

Since we are transitioning our product focus
to Connected Surfaces products past financial performance is not indicative of any future growth or future financial performance. We will
have to establish our Connected Surfaces product line in the face of extensive competition as an entirely new segment within the Smart
Home category. 

32 

Currency fluctuations may significantly
increase our expenses and affect the results of operations, especially where the currency is subject to intense political and other outside
pressure. 

All our sales in 2022 were transacted in U.S.
dollars. The weakening of the U.S. dollar relative to foreign currencies can negatively impact our operating profits, through higher unit
costs. However, as the Company volumes increase, the leveraged buying power has enabled the Company to minimize the impact on costs. The
last economic crisis revealed that exchange rates can be highly volatile. Changes in currency exchange rates may also affect the relative
prices at which we and our competitors sell products in the same market. There can be no assurance that the U.S. dollar foreign exchange
rates will be stable in the future or that fluctuations in such rates will not have a material adverse effect on our business, results
of operations, or financial condition. 

If we fail to maintain an effective system
of internal control over financial reporting in the future, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial condition
or results of operations. If our internal control over financial reporting is not effective, it may adversely affect investor confidence
in us and the price of our common stock. 

As a public company we are required to maintain internal
control over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such internal control. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
requires that we evaluate and determine the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and provide a management report
on our internal control over financial reporting. If we identify material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting,
we will be unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective. If we are unable to assert that our internal
control over financial reporting is effective, if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion as
to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, or if we are unable to comply with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act in a timely manner, then, we may be late with the filing of our periodic reports, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and
completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our common stock could be negatively affected. 

Risk Factors for our Common Stock 

Penny Stock and Volatile Market Price. 

After the announcement of the 750,000 working capital
credit line by two Company directors and announcement of the new Connected Surfaces Smart Mirror product launch, the market price of our
common stock rose significantly in first fiscal quarter of 2021. As a matter of policy, the Company never recommends any investment in
its common stock to public investors. 

Due to the factors described below, the Company s
Common Stock is subject to possible volatile trading, including rapid increases and decreases in market price due to trading in the open
market. Company s declining business and financial condition has depressed the already low market price of the Company s Common
Stock in 2022. The Company s Common Stock lacks the primary market makers and institutional investors who can protect the market
price from volatility in trading and market price. Company does not have any research analyst issuing recommendations. The common stock
is also a penny stock under SEC rules and suffers the limitations and burdens in trading of penny stocks. This lack of market
support and penny stock status means that trading, especially by day traders, can cause a rapid increase or decrease in market price of
the common stock and makes any investment in the common stock extremely risky and unsuitable for investors who cannot withstand the loss
of their entire investment and requires liquidity in the investment. An investment in the Common Stock remains an extremely risky investment
that is not suitable for investors who cannot afford the loss of investment and can withstand or tolerate a lack of liquidity. 

In March 2021, our Common Stock was approved for DWAC/Fast
electronic transfer, which will enhance trading of our Common Stock, but will not eliminate the issues imposed by the lack of market support
for the Common Stock or the penny stock status of our Common Stock and, as such, will not lessen the volatility in trading
and market price of our Common Stock. Further, restricted stock cannot be DWAC/Fast transferred. Many brokerage houses do not want
or readily accept penny stocks in trading accounts. 

We are also a former shell company under current SEC
rules and interpretations thereof. As such, our stock transfer agent requires a legal opinion as well as other paperwork to lift restrictive
legends from stock certificates for non-affiliated as well as affiliated shareholders. The restrictive legends can only be lifted for
at most a 90-day period for sales under Rule 144 for affiliated and non-affiliated shareholders. Further, our stock transfer agent will
not permanently remove restrictive legends on stock certificates held by shareholders. absent registration of the shareholder s
shares of common stock under the Securities Act. This status may make our common stock even more unappealing to investors and potential
purchasers and more difficult to sell or trade. Affiliated shareholders are generally Company officers, directors, and holders
of more than 10 of the issued shares of the Common Stock. 

Further, our common stock is quoted on The OTC Markets
Group, Inc. QB venture market. Many brokerage houses will not accept OTC stocks for deposit or for trading due to the compliance burdens
and reduced financial benefits of trading in OTC stocks. This difficulty further decreases the appeal of our common stock to investors. 

33 

No Dividends. 

We have not paid, and we do not intend to pay dividends
on our Common Stock in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain all future earnings, if any, to finance our current and proposed
business activities. We may also incur indebtedness in the future that may further prohibit or effectively restrict the payment of cash
dividends on our Common Stock. 

Our controlling stockholders may take
actions that conflict with your interests. 

Certain of our officers and directors beneficially
own approximately 40 of our outstanding common stock as of the date hereof. Assuming support from public shareholders with a sufficient
voting power, then our officers and directors will be able to exercise control over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including
the election of directors, amendment of our certificate of incorporation and approval of significant corporate transactions, and they
will have significant control over our management and policies. The directors elected by these stockholders will be able to influence
decisions affecting our capital structure significantly. This control may have the effect of delaying or preventing changes in control
or changes in management or limiting the ability of our other stockholders to approve transactions that they may deem to be in their best
interest. For example, our controlling stockholders will be able to control the sale or other disposition of our operating businesses
and subsidiaries to another entity. 

General Risk Factors 

Consumer shopping preferences and shifts
in distribution channels continue to evolve and could negatively impact our results of operations or our future growth. 

Consumer preferences regarding the shopping
experience continue to rapidly evolve. We sell our products through a variety of channels, including through wholesale customers and we
launched our own direct to consumer business consisting of our brand and e-commerce platform. If we or our wholesale customers do not
provide consumers with an attractive in-store experience, our brand image and results of operations could be negatively impacted. In addition,
as part of our strategy to grow our e-commerce revenue, we are investing significantly in enhancing our platform capabilities and implementing
systems to drive higher engagement with our consumers. If we do not successfully execute this strategy or continue to provide an engaging
and user-friendly digital commerce platform that attracts consumers, our brand image and results of operations could be negatively impacted
as well as our opportunities for future growth. In addition, we cannot predict whether and how the COVID-19 pandemic will impact consumer
preferences regarding the shopping experience in the long-term and how quickly and effectively we will adapt to those preferences. We
have commenced our Social Media/e-commerce marketing initiative in response to current trends in consumer purchasing habits and in case
the traditional brick-and-mortar retail continues to suffer and decline under the assault from the COVID-19 pandemic as well as a growing
trend towards e-commerce shopping by consumers that pre-dates the COVID-19 pandemic. 

34 

The Company s operations could be
disrupted by natural or human causes beyond its control. 

The Company s operations are subject to
disruption from natural or human causes beyond its control, including physical risks from hurricanes, severe storms, floods and other
forms of severe weather, accidents, fires, earthquakes, terrorist acts and epidemic or pandemic diseases such as the COVID-19, any of
which could result in suspension of operations or harm to people or the environment. While all of the Company s corporate operations
are located in the United States, the Company participates in a Chinese and Thailand product supply chain, and if a disease spreads sufficiently
to cause a pandemic (or to cause the fear of a pandemic to rise) or governments regulate or restrict the flow of labor or products or
impede the travel of Company personnel, the Company s ability to conduct normal business operations could be impacted which could
adversely affect the Company s results of operations and liquidity. Most of the Company products are sourced and made in China and
Thailand and an increased or prolonged disruption of either economy by COVID-19 could substantially and adversely impact the Company s
production of products. Currently, the Company s Chinese and Thailand suppliers have reopened and building to full production capabilities. 

We may not successfully execute our long-term
strategies, which may negatively impact our results of operations. 

Our ability to execute on our long-term strategies
depends, in part, on successfully executing on strategic growth initiatives in key areas, such as our new Connected Surfaces category
and our new online direct to consumer sales channel. Our growth in these areas depends on our ability to continue to successfully market
these new products to existing customers, grow our e-commerce and mobile application offerings in the U.S. market and continue to successfully
increase our product offerings in the Connected Surfaces category. Our ability to invest in these growth initiatives on the timeline and
at the scale we expect will be negatively impacted if we continue to experience significant market disruption due to COVID-19 or other
significant events, particularly in the U.S. market and in declining sales. In addition, our long-term strategy depends on our ability
to successfully drive expansion of our gross margins, manage our cost structure and drive return on our investments. If we cannot effectively
execute our long-term growth strategies while managing costs effectively, our business could be negatively impacted, and we may not achieve
our expected results of operations. 

If we fail to adequately protect intellectual
property rights, competitors may manufacture and market similar products, which could adversely affect our market share and results of
operations. 

We rely on trademark, trade secret, patent and
copyright laws to protect our intellectual property rights. Our trademarks are of material importance to our business and are among our
most important assets. Accordingly, our future success may depend, in part, upon the goodwill associated with our trademarks and brand
names. We own a number of patents; patent applications and other technology which we believe are significant to our business. 

Our products are made in China and Thailand.
We face risks that our proprietary information may not be afforded the same protection in China as it is in countries with well-developed
intellectual property laws, and local laws may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of confidential
information. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of our proprietary rights in China,
and failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection could adversely affect our competitive business position. We cannot be sure
that these intellectual property rights will be maximized or that they can be successfully asserted. There is a risk that we will not
be able to obtain and perfect, or maintain our own intellectual property rights or, where appropriate, license intellectual property rights
necessary to support new product introductions. We cannot be certain that these rights, if obtained, will not be invalidated, circumvented
or challenged in the future, and we could incur significant costs in connection with legal actions to defend our intellectual property
rights. 

Even if such rights are obtained in the United
States, the laws of some of the other countries in which our products are or may be sold do not protect intellectual property rights to
the same extent as the laws of the United States. If other parties infringe our intellectual property rights, they may dilute the value
of our brands in the marketplace, which could diminish the value that consumers associate with our brands and harm our sales. The failure
to perfect or successfully assert our intellectual property rights could make us less competitive and could have a material adverse effect
on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

There may be emerging, or new technologies patented
by others. These new technologies may be critical to competing in a product niche, especially one like the emerging smart mirrors in smart
home industry. We may be unable to license or affordably license new technologies owned by others and critical to competing in the product
niche. 

35 

Our results of operations and financial
condition could be seriously impacted by security breaches, including cybersecurity incidents. 

Failure to effectively prevent, detect and recover
from security breaches, including attacks on information technology and infrastructure by hackers; viruses; breaches due to employee error
or actions; or other disruptions could result in misuse of our assets, business disruptions, loss of property, and confidential business
information. Such attacks could result in unauthorized parties gaining access to at least certain confidential business information. However,
to date, we have not experienced any financial impact, changes in the competitive environment or business operations that we attribute
to such attacks. Although management does not believe that we have experienced any security breaches or cybersecurity incidents, there
can be no assurance that we will not suffer such attacks in the future. We actively manage the risks within our control that could lead
to business disruptions and security breaches and have expended significant resources to enhance our control environment, processes, practices
and other protective measures. Despite these efforts, as these threats continue to evolve, particularly around cybersecurity, such events
could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

We expect our results of operations to
fluctuate on a quarterly and annual basis. 

Company s revenue and results of operations
could vary significantly from period to period and may fail to match expectations because of a variety of factors, some of which are outside
of our control. As a result of the potential variations in our revenue and results of operations, period-to-period comparisons may not
be meaningful and the results of any one period should not be relied on as an indication of future performance. In addition, our results
of operations may not meet the expectations of investors or public market analysts who follow us, which may adversely affect our stock
price. Since the Connected Surfaces products are a new product line, we lack the operational experience to determine if Connected Surface
products have seasonal sales cycles. 

Item 1B. Unresolved SEC Staff Letters. 

None for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2022. 

Item 2. Properties. 

The Company has an operating lease
agreement for offices in Deerfield Beach, Florida. Neither the Company nor its operating subsidiaries own any real properties or
facilities. CAPC and Capstone share principal executive offices and operating facilities. The Company s principal executive
office is located at 431 Fairway Drive, Suite 200, Deerfield Beach, Florida 33441. 

Effective November 1, 2019, the Company entered
into a new prime operating lease with the landlord 431 Fairway Associates, LLC ending June 30, 2023, for the Company s
executive offices located on the second floor of 431 Fairway Drive, Suite 200, Deerfield Beach, Florida 33441 with an annualized base
rent of 70,104 and with a base rental adjustment of 3 commencing July 1, 2020, and on July 1 st of each subsequent year during
the term. Under the lease agreement, Capstone is also responsible for a portion of common area maintenance charges in the leased premises
which has been estimated at 12.00 per square foot on an annualized basis of which the premises is approximately 4,694 square feet. In
an effort to reduce operating expenses in 2023, the Company does not intend to renew the operating lease for the executive offices and
arrangements are being made for staff to work remotely. 

The rent expense for the year ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 amounted to 145,693 and 144,916, respectively. At the commencement date of the new office lease, the Company recorded
a right-of-use asset and lease liability under ASU 2016-02, Topic 842. 

We believe that the facilities are well maintained,
in compliance with environmental laws and regulations, and adequately covered by insurance. We also believe these leased facilities are
not unique and could be replaced, if necessary, at the end of the term of the existing leases. 

The Company has one short storage rentals in
effect as of 2022 with a duration of less than twelve months. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

We are not a party to any material pending legal
proceedings and, to the best our knowledge, no such action by or against us has been threatened. From time to time, we may be subject
to legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. Although occasional adverse decisions or settlements may
occur in such routine lawsuits, we believe that the final disposition of such routine lawsuits will not have material adverse effect on
our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Other Legal Matters 

To the best of our knowledge, none of our directors,
officers or owner of record of more than five percent (5 of the securities of the Company, or any associate of any such director, officer
or security holder is a party adverse to us or has a material interest adverse to us in reference to pending litigation. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures (Not Applicable). 

36 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrants Common Equity
and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The Company s Common Stock is quoted on
The OTC Markets Group, Inc. s QB Venture Market Tier under the trading symbol CAPC . 

As of March 1, 2023, there were approximately
holders of record (excluding OBO/Street Name accounts) of our Common Stock and estimated 48,826,864 outstanding shares of the
Common Stock. 

Dividend Policy 

We have not declared or paid any cash or other
dividends on shares of our Common Stock in the last seven years, and we presently have no intention of paying any cash dividends on shares
of our Common Stock. We do not currently anticipate, based on existing financial performance, to be declaring or paying dividends on any
series of our preferred stock in the foreseeable future. Our current policy is to retain earnings, if any, to finance the expansion and
development of our business. The future payment of dividends on shares of our Common Stock are at the sole discretion of our board of
directors. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

There were no unregistered securities sold or
issued during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, except: (1) On August 6, 2021, Company granted: stock options to Mr. Guzy and
Mr. Postal, who are directors of the Company, each received 4,144 stock option grants for participating in the Audit and Nomination and
Compensation Committees for the year 2021-2022. The stock options were issued under an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D under that act. 

On January 4, 2021, the Company entered a Loan
Agreement with Directors Stewart Wallach and Jeff Postal as joint lenders (the Lenders whereby Lenders made a maximum of
Seven Hundred and Fifty Thousand Dollars and No Cents 750,000) (principal) available as a credit line to the Company for working capital
purposes. 

The term of the loan started January 4, 2021
and ended June 30, 2021. The Company did not take any advances on this credit line. The Company could have extended the loan for an additional
six consecutive months, ending December 31, 2021, but decided not to extend. 

In consideration for the Lenders providing the
loan under this Agreement for the Initial Period and agreeing to a below market rate of interest, and as payment of a finance fee for
the loan on an unsecured basis, the Company issued to the Lenders 7,500 shares of the Company s Series B-1 Convertible Preferred
Stock Preferred Shares ). The Preferred Shares shall have the appropriate restrictive legends. Each Preferred Share converts
into 66.66 shares of Common Stock at the option of Lender. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and
Use of Proceeds. 

On July 15, 2021, Jeffrey Guzy a Company director,
exercised a previously granted non-qualified stock option and purchased 100,000 shares of Company common stock for an aggregate purchase
price of 43,500 or a per share price of .435. The shares are restricted shares under federal securities laws and were acquired by independent
Director Guzy. The proceeds will be used by the Company for general working capital to support the rollout of the Smart Mirror product
line. 

All securities issued and described above were
issued in reliance on an exemption from registration under the Securities Act contained in Rule 506(b) of Regulation D and Section 4(a)(2). 

37 

Adoption of Stock Repurchase Plan 

On December 19, 2018, Company entered into a
Rule 10b5-1 Purchase Plan with Wilson Davis Co., Inc., a registered broker-dealer, (the Purchase Plan ), which Purchase
Plan is made pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, with respect to shares of common stock of
the Company. As previously reported, the use of a Rule 10b5-1 purchase plan was authorized by the Company s Board of Directors on
August 29, 2018. Under the Purchase Plan, Wilson Davis Co., Inc., a registered broker dealer, will make periodic purchases in accordance
with the terms and conditions of the Purchase Plan and instructions of the Company. This description of the Purchase Plan does not purport
to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the text of the Purchase Plan, a copy of which is attached as Exhibit 99.1 to the Current
Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the Commission on December 24, 2018 and as dated December 18, 2018. 

On May 31, 2019, the Company s Board of
Directors approved a further extension of the Company s stock repurchase plan through August 31, 2020. The Board of Directors also
approved that the maximum amount of aggregate funding available for possible stock repurchases under the stock repurchase program remained
at 1,000,000 during the renewal period. 

On September 23, 2019,
the Company signed a revised stock Purchase Plan to reflect an extension of the plan to repurchase shares at prevailing market prices, subject to the terms of the Purchase Plan. 

On March 30, 2020, Wilson Davis CO., Inc.,
advised the Company that 750,000 of the Company s Common Stock had been repurchased to complete the authorized Purchase Plan. 

On June 10, 2020, the Company s Board
of Directors approved a further extension of the Company s stock repurchase plan through August 31, 2021. 

As of December 31, 2021, a total of 750,000
of the Company s Common Stock has been repurchased to date, at a total cost of 107,740. 

On May 6, 2021, the Company s
Board of Directors approved a further extension of Rule 10b-5, the Company s stock purchase agreement with Wilson-Davis
 Company, Inc. through August 31, 2022. 

During May and June 2022, Wilson Davis 
CO., Inc., re-purchased a total of 66,167 shares of the Company s Common Stock for a total cost of 11,662. 

On July 7, 2022,
the Board of Directors resolved to discontinue the stock purchase agreement. 

As of December 31, 2022, a total
of 816,167 of the Company s Common Stock has been repurchased to date, at a total cost of 119,402. 

Item 6. Reserved. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations 

This Item 7, Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and other parts of this Report contain forward-looking statements , 
that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements provide current expectations of future events based on certain assumptions
and include any statement that does not directly relate to any historical or current fact. Forward-looking statements can also be identified
by words such as future, anticipates, believes, estimates, expects, 
 intends, plans, predicts, will, would, could, can, 
 may, and similar terms. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and Company s actual results
may differ significantly from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such differences include,
but are not limited to, those discussed in this Report under the heading Risk Factors, which are incorporated herein by
reference. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included
in this Report. All information presented herein is based on CAPC s fiscal year 2022 results. Unless otherwise stated, references
to particular years or quarters refer to the CAPC s fiscal years ended in December and the associated quarters of those fiscal years.
Company assumes no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements for any reason, except as required by law. 

38 

Executive Summary 

COVID-19 has caused substantial disruption to
travel, business activities, and global supply chains, significant volatility in global financial markets since the pandemic began in
2020. The pandemic has had and may continue to have a material impact on our business, results of operations, financial position and cash
flow. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we took precautionary measures to maintain adequate liquidity by suspending share repurchases,
temporarily deferring salaries of our executives by 50 -100 , significantly scaling back on non-essential operating expenses, and closing
our Hong Kong operation, as we transferred manufacturing to Thailand. Our goal was to preserve cash but to continue to invest where needed
to support the relaunch of the Connected Surfaces program. 

Total net revenue for the year
ended December 31, 2022, decreased 50 to approximately 346 thousand as compared to 686 thousand in the same period of
last year. The net loss was approximately 2.6 million for the year 2022 compared to a net loss of 1.9 million in 2021. The Company
had an estimated net tax provision in 2022 and 2021 of 67.5thousand and 15.1 thousand, respectively. 

The following discussion is designed to provide a
better understanding of our audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto, including a brief overview of our business and
products, key factors that impacted our performance and a summary of operating results. 

Overview 

Capstone Companies, Inc. Company 
or CAPC is a public holding company organized under the laws of the State of Florida. The Company is a leading designer,
manufacturer and marketer of consumer inspired products that simplify daily living through technology. Over the past decade, the Company s
various product lines have been distributed globally including consumer markets in Australia, Japan, Korea, North America, South America,
and the United Kingdom. The primary operating subsidiary is Capstone Industries, Inc. CAPI ), a Florida corporation located
at the principal executive offices of the Company. Capstone International Hong Kong, Ltd., or CIHK , was established to expand
the Company s product development, engineering, and factory resource capabilities. With the 2021 shift of manufacturing to Thailand
from China, the CIHK operation was dormant. The Company has a history of exploiting technologies in areas of induction charging, power
failure control, security and home LED lighting products and most recently has entered the electronics market with its introduction of
Capstone s Connected Surfaces Smart Mirrors internet connected and interactive mirror. 

The Company s focus through 2017 has been
in the integration of LEDs into most commonly used consumer lighting products in today s home. Over the last few years there has
been significant LED price erosion, which has commoditized LED consumer products. The LED category has matured and is no longer the innovative
 must have consumer product as in previous years. The Connected Surfaces is the Company s effort to establish business
in an emerging segment that will allow for future revenue growth. The smart home segment is the umbrella category in which we will participate
with the Connected Surfaces program. 

Capstone s success has been in its ability
to identify emerging product categories where Capstone s management experience can be fully leveraged. Over the past decade, the
Company s consistent low-cost manufacturing and operations have provided an advantage in delivering quality products at very competitive
prices. 

In late 2017, as management recognized that
the LED category was maturing, it sought a business opportunity that would transition the Company s revenue streams to an emerging
category. While we currently continue to supply LED products on a limited basis, our strategic plan to develop and launch new innovative
product lines, like Smart Mirrors, is believed to be essential for sustaining or growing revenues. 

39 

The Company began its foray into the
electronic industry in 2019 with its Connected Surfaces initiative. We entered the market as we identified the smart home category
to be emerging with strong long-term growth potential. Our expectation is that the new Connected Surfaces portfolio advancing
in 2022 appeals to a much larger audience than our traditional LED lighting product line. The new portfolio is designed to tap
into consumer s ever-expanding connected lifestyles prevalent today. The Smart Mirrors have both touch screen, voice and
remote control interfacing, internet access and an operating system capable of running downloadable applications. The average
selling prices are comparable to that of tablets and smartphones, retailing between 799 - 999.00 per unit, with the goal to
deliver cost-attractive product consumer value to mainstream America. Whereas, during the day your smartphone/tablet keeps you
connected, whether it is work or personal, now when entering your home, Capstone s new Connected Surfaces products are intended
to enable users the same level of connectivity in a more relaxed manner that does not require being tethered to these devices. 

The Company will require additional
funding to build its marketing effort, inventory levels and service levels which funding must be timely and affordable to fund
the desired marketing and product launch. The future growth will be directly impacted by the level of exposure, messaging and
distribution capabilities. For the short term, Certain members of the Company s management Corporate Insiders and
Directors have provided short-term funding from time to time to support the Company s basic operational funding
needs, but there is no guarantee that this funding will continue or be adequate to fund operations or Connected Surfaces program
marketing and inventory as well as possible enhancements in functions demanded by the consumers. 

By working overseas with alternate manufacturers located
outside China, particularly in Thailand, we anticipated minimal impact to our selling prices and related margins of profit that could
otherwise be impacted by an ongoing trade dispute between the United States and China. Political unrest in Thailand in late 2020 and early
2021 did not affect our original equipment manufacturing OEM activities, however the transportation/logistics costs have
escalated as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, but we are beginning to see more stability as we are able to book freight without the
surcharges imposed by container shortages experience during 2021 and 2022. 

While the Company announced the plan to launch
its ecommerce initiative in March 2021, that effort was continually delayed because of COVID-19 forced closures overseas and inventories
planned for Q3, 2021 sales were shipped in December 2021, pushed the product launch into January 2022 The COVID-19 pandemic and transitioning
to Thailand OEM s as well as to be expected delays in developing an acceptable new product essentially delayed our launch of the
Smart Mirror product line by a year into 2022, which combined with declining LED product sales, has adversely impacted the Company s
business and financial performance. The initial inventory that arrived in our fulfilment center in the United States at the end of Q4
2021 was damaged by the logistics company. We filed an insurance claim and were compensated for the damaged inventory during 2022, however,
incurred significant delays in our initial Smart Mirror product launch. 

During the twelve months ended December 31,
2022, the general U.S. economic indicators show signs of a slowdown caused by interest rate increases in order to reduce the impact of
increasing inflationary pressures. While the unemployment rate decreased from 3.9 in December 2021 to 3.5 as of December 2022 marking
the lowest level in over 50 years, the consumer confidence index continued to drop falling from 70.6 in December 2021 to 59.7 in December
2022. Retail sales increased 5.0 year over year from December 2021 as consumers remained resilient despite inflation. But the impact
of inflation on consumer prices and consumer buying patterns will be a factor through 2023. The slowing economy is likely to bring the
yearly inflation rate down to 3.5 -4 by the end of 2023, however still higher than the Federal Reserve s target of 2 -2.5 . Management
believes that the national vaccine inoculation program made major advances, and initially increased consumer confidence. However, the
recent impact of the increased interest rates in response to inflation and higher energy costs have seriously eroded into consumers available
spending or adversely impacted consumer confidence in the economy. Since our Connected Surface product line is not an essential product,
but a discretionary purchase, consumer products that are discretionary purchases are generally adversely impacted by uncertain or negative
economic news and downturn in consumer confidence. 

40 

Principal Factors Affecting Our Financial
Performance 

There are a number of industry factors that
affect our financial performance which include, among others: 

Overall
 Demand for Products and Applications. Our potential for growth depends on the successful introduction and consumer acceptance
 of the Connected Surfaces portfolio. The Company s products are characterized as non-essential and economic conditions, especially
 consumer uncertainty or worries over economic conditions and growth, affect consumer demand. Uncertainty over global economic conditions
 that may affect the U.S. economy is not conducive to consumer purchases of our category of consumer products. These uncertainties
 make demand difficult to forecast for us and our customers. 

Strong
 and Constantly Evolving Competitive Environment . While we have demonstrated our abilities to compete successfully
 in the retail channels since our inception, competition in the marketplace we serve is strong. Many companies have made significant
 investments in product development, production equipment and product marketing. Product pricing pressures exist as market participants
 often initiate pricing strategies to gain or protect market share. To remain competitive, market participants must continuously increase
 product performance or functionality, reduce costs and develop improved ways to support their customers. To address these competitive
 measures, we invest in research and development activities to support new product development, sustain low product costs and deliver
 higher levels of performance and product functionality to differentiate our products in the market. 

Profit
 Margins . The Company s product planning strategies are driven by the need to deliver sustainable profit margins. This,
 in conjunction with close management of related marketing costs, are required to sustain or grow the Company s market presence. 

Technological
 Innovation and Advancement . Innovation and advancements in consumer electronic categories continue to create expanded channel
 opportunities. The smart home category is expected to grow to 139.8 billion by 2023, a CAGR of 18.2 since 2018. Household penetration
 of smart homes is expected to grow to 19.5 by 2022. Smart phone users in the United States exceeds 269 million and is projected
 to be 290 million by 2024. Through the Company s continual research and development activities, differentiation of its smart
 home products and their related value to the consumer, a consistent market share expansion is anticipated. 

Affordable
 Funding . The Company needs to secure affordable funding resources to support ongoing product development and new market penetration. 

Intellectual Property Issues . Market
participants rely on patented and non-patented proprietary information relating to product development and other core competencies of
their business. Protection of intellectual property is important. Therefore, steps such as patent applications, confidentiality and non-disclosure
agreements, as well as other security measures are generally taken. The Company has not created a litigation reserve for intellectual
property rights litigation. As a business judgment, the Company does not patent or copyright or trademark all intellectual property due
to a combination of factors, including, in part, the cost of registration and maintenance of registration, odds and cost of successful
defense of the registration and commercial value of the intellectual property rights. To enforce or protect intellectual property rights,
litigation or threatened litigation is common. The Company has not sued any third parties over intellectual property rights. 

Results of operations 

Net Revenues 

Revenue is derived from sales of our residential
lighting products and Connected Surfaces Smart Mirrors. The residential products were directed towards consumer home LED lighting for
both indoor and outdoor applications while the Smart Mirrors were sold directly to consumers via e-commerce efforts. We recognize revenue
upon shipment of the order to the customer when all performance obligations have been completed and title has transferred to the customer
and in accordance with the respective sale s contractual arrangements. Each contract on acceptance will have a fixed unit price.
The majority of our sales are to the U.S. market which in 2022 represented 87 of revenues and we expect to the U.S Market to continue
to be the major source of revenue for the Company. We derived 13 of our revenue from overseas sales. Net revenue also includes the cost
of instant rebate coupons, promotional coupons, and product support allowances provided to retailers to promote certain products. All
of our revenue is denominated in U.S. dollars. 

41 

Cost of Goods Sold 

Our cost of goods sold consists
primarily of purchased products from contract manufacturers and when applicable associated duties and inbound freight. In addition,
our cost of goods sold also includes reserves for potential warranty claims and freight allowances. We source our manufactured
LED lighting products based on customer orders. Beginning with the last quarter of 2021 in connection with the launch of our Connected
Surfaces Smart Mirror, we maintained inventory on hand for direct to consumer shipment to fulfill sales orders. 

Gross Profit 

Our gross profit has and will continue to be
affected by a variety of factors, including average sales price for our products, product mix, promotional allowances, our ability to
reduce product cost fluctuations in the cost of our purchased components. See Risk Factors above in Item 1A. 

Operating Expenses 

Operating expenses include sales and
marketing expenses, consisting of social media advertising, sales representatives commissions, advertising, show expense
and costs related to employee s compensation. In addition, operating expensed includes charges relating to product
development, office and warehousing, accounting, legal, insurance and stock-based compensation. 

CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND OUTLOOK 

Year
 Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

(In
 Thousands) 

December
 31, 2022 
 December
 31, 2021 

Dollars 
 
 of Revenue 
 Dollars 
 
 of Revenue 
 
 Revenue,
 Net 
 346 
 100.0 
 686 
 100.0 
 
 Increase
 in inventory reserve and inventory write offs 
 692 
 (200.0 
 155 
 23.6 
 
 Cost
 of sales 
 257 
 (73.9 
 484 
 69.5 
 
 Gross
 Profit (Loss) 
 (603 
 (173.9 
 47 
 6.9 
 
 Operating
 Expenses: 

Sales
 and marketing 
 360 
 103.8 
 29 
 4.2 
 
 Compensation 
 817 
 235.9 
 1,276 
 186.0 
 
 Professional
 fees 
 458 
 132.0 
 368 
 53.6 
 
 Product
 development 
 204 
 58.8 
 309 
 45.0 
 
 Other
 general and administrative 
 480 
 138.8 
 421 
 61.4 

Total
 Operating Expenses 
 2,319 
 669.3 
 2,403 
 350.3 
 
 Operating
 Loss 
 (2,922 
 (843.2 
 (2,356 
 (343.4 
 
 Other
 Income (Expenses) 

Miscellaneous
 Income , net 
 395 
 114.0 
 456 
 66.42 
 
 Interest
 expense, net 
 (70 
 (20.1 
 (49 

Total
 Other Income, net 
 325 
 93.9 
 407 
 59.3 
 
 Loss
 Before Tax Benefit 
 (2,597 
 (749.3 
 (1,949 
 (284.1 
 
 Income
 Tax Expense 
 67 
 19.5 
 15 
 (2.2 
 
 Net
 Loss 
 (2,664 
 (768.8 
 (1,964 
 (286.3 

42 

Net Revenues 

For the year ended December 31,
2022, net revenues were approximately 346 thousand, a decrease of approximately 340 thousand or 50 from 686 thousand in fiscal
2021. In 2022, the Company experience firsthand the alteration in consumer s buying habits. After stocking up on home goods,
home improvements and electronics during the stay-at-home orders, once those orders were lifted, consumers chose to spend
their money on things to do versus things to have. This change in consumer spending on activities versus goods negatively impacted
the 2022 launch of the Smart Mirror significantly. Sales of the Smart Mirror severely underperformed management s expectations,
generating approximately 74,000 in net sales for an approximate 105 units sold. In addition to the change in consumer spending,
the Company changed its marketing course in late 2021 and 2022 by moving away from the Big Box retailers and put all of its marketing
effort into the e-commerce marketing industry. The Company s first parlay into e-commerce proved to be very costly and a
difficult market to secure customer acquisition with the Company spending approximately 285,000 in 2022 on social media, advertising
and trade shows, and increase of 260,000 over the prior year. The Company has decided to re-focus their marketing strategy in
2023 and move back to brick and mortar and Big Box retailers, which was their core strength with the Lighting Products which they
feel they can easily replicate with the Connected Surfaces product lines. Management has spent Q1 2023 actively marketing
the Connected Surfaces product lines to brick-and-mortar retailers while maintaining their e-commerce presence. 

The Company selectively supports
retailer s initiatives to maximize sales of the Company s products on the retail floor or to assist in developing
consumer product awareness, by providing marketing und allowances to the customer. The Company also provides promotional coupons
for the Connected Surfaces Smart Mirror when determined necessary. Sales reductions for anticipated discounts, coupons, allowances
and other deductions are recognized during the period the related revenue is recorded. The reduction of accrued allowances is
included in net revenues and amounted to 26.7 thousand and 8.0 thousand for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
international sales were approximately 44 thousand or 13 of revenue and 341 thousand or 50 of revenue, respectively. 

43 

The following table disaggregates net revenue by major source: 

For
 the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 For
 the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Capstone
 Brand 
 
 of Revenue 
 Capstone
 Brand 
 
 of Revenue 
 
 Lighting
 Products- U.S. 
 228,680 
 66 
 340,896 
 49 
 
 Smart
 Mirror Products- U.S. 
 73,154 
 13 
 3,795 
 1 
 
 Lighting
 Products-International 
 44,640 
 21 
 341,163 
 50 
 
 Total
 Revenue 
 346,474 
 100 
 685,854 
 100 

Gross Profit and Cost of Sales 

Gross 

 loss for the year ended December 31, 2022, was
approximately 603 thousand), or (173.9 of net revenues, as compared to 47 thousand or 6.9 of net revenues, for fiscal 2021. For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, cost of sales were approximately 949 thousand and 639 thousand, respectively, an increase
of 310 thousand or 32.7 from the previous year. The gross profit reduction was the direct result of the reduced revenue
in the year, relating to the low sales of the Smart Mirror and reduction in sales of the LED lighting products. Costs represented 274 
and 93 of net revenues for 2022 and 2021, respectively. This increased cost was primarily due to allowances recorded for slow moving
Smart Mirror inventory and a write off of prepaid inventory. Management considered the need for a reserve for slow moving inventory due
to sales not meeting projected forecasts during 2022. Management estimated a 50 reserve of inventory held in domestic warehouses, a
100 reserve on inventory held in international warehouses, and a write off of prepaid inventory deposit
for Smart Mirrors that we do not anticipate completing the manufacturing on. The allowances and prepaid inventory write off approximated
a cumulative 692 thousand corresponding increase in cost of goods sold with a reduction in inventory on hand of 533 thousand and expensing
of 159 thousand in prepaid inventory deposits. 

Operating Expenses 

Sales and Marketing Expenses 

 In fiscal 2022 and 2021, sales and marketing
expenses were approximately 360 thousand and 29 thousand respectively, an increase of 331 thousand or 1158 . As a percent to revenue,
2022 expenses were 103.8 as compared to 4.2 in 2021. Social Media expense in 2022 was 146 thousand, an increase of 125.5 thousand
or 612 from 20.5 thousand in 2021. The increase in social media expenses were in connection with the launch of the Company s e-commerce
efforts for Connected Surfaces Smart Mirror with direct to consumer marketing, hiring of influencers, targeted add on media platforms
such as Facebook and Google, and production expenses related to content development. Advertising and promotional expenses were 24.9 thousand
in 2022 as compared to 2.2 thousand in 2021, an increase of 22.6 thousand or 996 due to the launch of e-commerce activities during
2022. Trade Show expense was 113 thousand in 2022 as compared to 0.4 thousand in 2021, an increase of 112.8 thousand related to the
attendance of the 2022 CES trade show which was not attended in 2021. 

Compensation Expenses 

 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021
compensation expenses were approximately 817.4 million and 1.3 million, respectively, a reduction of 459 thousand or 36.0 . As a percent
of net revenues, 2022 expenses were 235.90 as compared to 186.1 in 2021. With the reduced revenue and the transition of production into
Thailand, the Company eliminated all positions from the Hong Kong office and reduced administrative and sales positions in the corporate
office during 2022. 

Professional Fees 

For fiscal 2022, professional fees were approximately
 457.5 thousand compared to 368 thousand in 2021, an increase of 89 thousand or 24.2 . As a percent of net revenue 2022 expenses were
132.0 as compared to 53.7 in 2021. In 2022, consulting fees were approximately 260 thousand compared to 165 for 2021. Accounting,
legal and other expenses were 197.6 thousand, a decrease of 5 thousand from 203 thousand in the prior year. 

Product Development Expenses 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, product
development expenses were approximately 204 and 309 thousand, respectively, a decrease of 105 thousand or 34 . In 2021 the Company
invested 237 thousand in the Smart Mirror development and continued the investment with an approximate 93 thousand in Smart Mirror development
in 2022, a decrease of 144 thousand or 154 . During 2022, the Company invested approximately 54 thousand in software, hardware development,
certifications, patent and trademarks and quality control audits for the Smart Mirror project compared to 70 thousand in the same period
in 2021 which resulted in an expense reduction of approximately 16 thousand. In 2022 the Company also invested approximately
 56 thousand for the development of new Connected Surfaces product lines for the Connected Chef kitchen utility smart device, compared
to 0 in expenses during 2021. Due to these aforementioned investments, Management determined the initial investment in tooling manufacturing
equipment purchased in 2021 for the Smart Mirror was impaired as of the year end December 31, 2022 as recent innovations to the Smart
Mirror have rendered the tooling machinery unusable for the redesigned Smart Mirror mold. As such, Management recorded an impairment of
long lived assets with a net book value of 51 thousand as of the year ended December 31, 2022, recognized as a reduction in property
and equipment and increase in product development expenses. 

44 

Other General and Administrative Expenses 

For fiscal 2022 and 2021, other general and
administration expenses were approximately 481 thousand and 421 thousand, respectively, an increase of 60 thousand or 14.2 . As a percent
to revenue 2022 expenses were 138.8 as compared to 61.4 in 2021. The Directors insurance increased in 2022 from 100 thousand in 2021
to 124 thousand a 24 thousand or 20 increase. The Company s liability insurance also increased in 2022 from a rebate of 15 thousand
to an expense of 32 thousand, an increase of 46 thousand or 146 . Lodging fees increased 22 thousand from 18 thousand in 2021 to 41
thousand in 2022 for an electronic consultant working on Connected Surfaces product lines. 

Total Operating Expenses 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
total operating expenses were 2.3 million and 2.4 million, respectively. This represents an 84 thousand or 3.5 decrease over fiscal
year 2021. 

Operating Loss 

For the year ended December 31, 2022,
the operating loss was approximately 2.9 million as compared to 2.4 million in 2021, a loss increase of 566 thousand over 2021. 

Other Income (Expense) 

For fiscal 2022 other income was approximately
 395 thousand compared to a 456 thousand in 2021, a decrease of 61 thousand over 2021. The other income for the year ended December
31, 2022 resulted from 152 thousand in employee retention tax credit received under Cares act 2020-2021 and 162 thousand freight claim
recovery for the damaged Smart Mirror inventory that was written off in December 31, 2021. In addition, other income includes a reversal
of approximately 61 thousand of accrued marketing and promotional allowances and warranty reserves against previous sales that is no
longer required as of December 31, 2022. Marketing allowances include the cost of underwriting an in store instant rebate coupon or a
targeted markdown allowance on specific products. The Company accrues and retains these allowances for a period of 3 to 5 years in the
event the customer charges back a promotional allowance against future open invoices or submits to us an invoice. These allowances are
also evaluated when our relationship with a customer is terminated, or we cease selling a specific product to a customer. We evaluated
certain allowances and were satisfied that these allowances were no longer required based on the age of the allowance and sale of the
products for which these allowances relate being significantly reduced. These allowances were charged to other income during the year
ended December 31, 2022. 

Interest expense for 2022 amounted to 70 thousand
compared to 49 thousand in 2021, an increase of 21 thousand or 42 , due to the increase of 700 thousand in notes payable
held by the Company, accruing interest at 5 per annum. 

For the years ended December
31, 2022, the net expense for income tax was estimated at 67 thousand compared to a net expense of 15 thousand in the
same period 2021. 

The effective tax rate for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, was (2.61 and (0.77 and the statutory tax rate was 25.39 in 2022 and 23.70 in 2021. 

45 

Net Loss 

For fiscal 2022 and 2021 net loss was approximately
 2.6 million and 2.0 million, respectively, a net loss increase of approximately 686 thousand over the previous year due to the reasons
summarized above. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND BUSINESS OUTLOOK 

Our goal is that the new Connected
Surfaces portfolio advancing in 2023 appeals to a much larger audience than our traditional LED lighting product line. Approximately
46 of domestic households have one smart device in their home. Our Connected Surfaces portfolio falls in line with the average
user of internet-of-things home devices. Management believes that the execution of the Company s strategy and development
of the Connected Surfaces category will provide attractive opportunities for profitable growth over the long term. 

The Company will require additional funding to build
its marketing effort, inventory levels and service levels once the revised marketing back to retail phase validates the Company s
strategic initiatives. The future growth will be directly impacted by the level of exposure, messaging and distribution capabilities. 

By working diligently overseas with alternate manufacturers
located outside China, particularly in Thailand, we anticipate minimal impact to our selling prices and related margins of profit that
could otherwise be impacted by an ongoing trade dispute between the United States and China. Other factors, like inflation and its impact
on consumer confidence and willingness to purchase discretionary purchases like our Smart Mirrors, may impact selling prices and related
margins of profit. 

With the impact of COVID-19, Management was
even more focused on the following priorities: 

to protect the safety and
 wellbeing of the Capstone team. 

to expand the Company s
 social media platforms and online visibility. 

to revamp the Company s
 website to support online business. 

to build the logistics
 and fulfilment structure to support online orders. 

to transfer Smart Mirror
 production capability to Thailand from China. 

to design, enhance and
 build the Smart Mirror product portfolio with the advancement of research and development efforts of the Connected Chef kitchen utility
 device. 

During 2022 we were able to complete the above priorities
and are now preparing for the re-launch of the Smart Mirror program to home good retailers and the Big Box retailers in 2023. 

Contractual Obligations 

The following table represents contractual obligations as of December
31, 2022. 

Payments Due by Period 

Total 
 2023 
 2024 
 2025 
 After 2026 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 309,439 
 309,439 

Short-Term Debt related parties 
 413,425 
 413,425 

Short-Term Debt 
 206,712 
 206,712 

Long-Term Debt related parties 
 821,647 
 
 821,647 

Long-Term Debt 
 360,446 
 
 360,446 

Operating and Short Term Leases 
 37,535 
 
 37,533 

Total Contractual Obligations 
 2,149,204 
 967,111 
 1,182,093 

46 

Notes to Contractual Obligations Table 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Comprised
of the Company s liability for goods and services in the normal course of business as well as deferred compensation
for management. 

Short Term Debt notes payable with related
parties Related to working capital funding. 

Short Term Debt note payable with unrelated
parties Related to working capital funding. 

Long Term Debt related parties 
Related to working capital and purchase order funding. 

Long Term Debt note payable unrelated
parties Related to purchase order funding. 

Operating Leases Related to facility
leases for our operations in the U.S. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

Operational cash flow is significantly influenced
by the timing and launch of new products as well as favorable payment terms negotiated with overseas suppliers. With our Thailand operational
presence, we have built an operational structure that, through relationships with factory-suppliers both in Thailand and China combined
with our expertise, that under normal operating circumstances, can develop and release quality, innovative products to the marketplace
substantially quicker than in previous years. 

Our historical ability to generate cash from
operations has been one of our fundamental strengths and has provided us with flexibility in meeting our operating, financing and investing
needs in the past. However, the Company has not achieved sufficient sales of Smart Mirror products, whether online or by brick-and-mortar
retail sales, to compensate for the drop in LED Lighting Product sales. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022,
the Company used cash in operations of approximately 1.9 million and generated net operating losses of 2.6 million. As of December
31, 2022, the Company had working capital deficit of 448 thousand and an accumulated deficit of 9.1 million. The
Company s cash balance decreased by approximately 1.2 million from 1.3 million as of December 31, 2021 to 61 thousand as of
December 31, 2022. With the reduced revenues in 2022 and to conserve cash, the Company initiated an expense mitigation plan that
reduced discretionary spending including travel, lodging and trade show expenses, deferred executive management compensation, and
closed the Hong Kong operation. These efforts assisted the Company in conserving cash and allowing for expenditures to move the
re-launch of the Connected Surfaces Smart Mirror forward and continued research and development efforts in additional Connected
Surfaces product lines such as the Connected Chef kitchen utility device. The Company has decided to re-focus their marketing
strategy in 2023 and move back to brick and mortar and Big Box retailers, which was their core strength with the Lighting Products
which they feel they can easily replicate with the Connected Surfaces product lines. 

The Company has a recent history of losses and
negative cash from operations. The uncertainty and the continuing negative impact of a slowing economy, rising inflation and COVID-19
disruption could negatively impact the demand for our products or delay future planned promotional opportunities. With the Smart Mirror
portfolio and potential for additional Connected Surface devices, the Company requires an inventory credit facility to support increased
U.S. domestic inventory to facilitate revenue growth in the online business. 

On January 4, 2021, the Company entered a 750,000
working capital loan agreement with Directors, Stewart Wallach and Jeffrey Postal. The short-term facility ended June 30, 2021 Initial
Period ). The Company had the option to extend the Initial Period for an additional six consecutive months, ending December 31,
2021, but decided not to renew. 

47 

On April 5, 2021, the Company entered into five
separate securities purchase agreements SPAs whereby the Company privately placed an aggregate of 2,496,667 shares of
Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price 1,498,000 (transactions being referred to as the Private Placement ). The
five investors in the Private Placement consisted of four private equity funds and one individual all being accredited
investors (under Rule 501(a) of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, Securities Act ). The
 1,498,000 in proceeds from the Private Placement was used mostly to purchase start up inventory for the Company s new Smart Mirror
product line, for a major online e-commerce fulfilment company, and the remainder for advertising and working capital. 

On July 2, 2021, the Board of
Directors Board resolved that the Company required a purchase order funding facility to procure additional inventory
to support the online Smart Mirror product. The Board resolved that certain Directors could negotiate the terms of a Purchase Order
Funding Agreement for up to 1,020,000 with Directors S. Wallach and J. Postal and E. Fleisig, a natural person. On October 18,
2021, the Company received the 1,020,000 funding under this agreement. The term of the agreement is 30 months with principal accruing
a simple interest rate of 5 percent per annum. These loans may be prepaid in full or partially without any penalty. 

On May 1, 2022, the Company negotiated three
 200,000 working capital funding agreements, to provide 600,000 in funding for daily operations. The Board resolved that certain Directors
could negotiate the terms of a Working Capital Funding Agreement for up to a total of 600,000, with Directors S. Wallach (through Group
Nexus, a company controlled by Mr. Wallach), J. Postal and Mouhaned Khoury, a natural person. On May 1 st the three individual
agreements became effective. The term of each agreement is 18 months with principal accruing a simple interest rate of 5 percent per annum.
These loans may be prepaid in full or partially without any penalty. 

On October 13, 2022, the
Company negotiated a 50,000 Working Capital Funding agreement with Jeffrey Postal, a director, to provide funding for daily operations
(the Working Capital Funding Agreement ). The term of this agreement is 18 months and principal accrues simple interest
at a rate of 5 percent per annum. The loan may be prepaid in full or partially without any penalty. 

On December 1, 2022, the
Company negotiated a 50,000 Working Capital Funding agreement with Jeffrey Postal, a director, to provide funding for daily operations
(the Working Capital Funding Agreement ). The term of this agreement is 18 months and principal accrues simple interest
at a rate of 5 percent per annum. The loan may be prepaid in full or partially without any penalty. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a total
of 1,802,230 outstanding on the above referenced funding agreements, which includes accrued interest of 82,231. 

48 

The Company s ability to maintain sufficient
working capital is highly dependent upon achieving expected operating results. Failure to achieve expected operating results could have
a material adverse effect on the Company s working capital, ability to obtain financing, and its operations in the future. 

In addition, we may seek alternative sources
of liquidity, including but not limited to accessing the capital markets, or the Company may be able to raise the required additional
capital through debt and or equity financing. However, instability in, or tightening of the capital markets, could adversely affect our
ability to access the capital markets on terms acceptable to us. The Company can make no assurances that it will be able to raise the
required capital, on acceptable terms or at all. Management believes that with the cash on hand, and our availability will be adequate
to meet the Company s cash needs for daily operations for the short-term period, however the Company does not have sufficient cash
on hand to finance its plan of operations for the next 12 months from the filing of this report and will need to seek additional capital
through debt and/or equity financing. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

Summary of Cash Flows 

Years ended December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 (In thousands) 

Net cash provided by (used in): 

Operating Activities 

(1,904) 

(2,371) 
 
 Investing Activities 

(32) 
 
 Financing Activities 

688 

2,457 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

(1,216) 

54 

As of December 31, 2022 the Company s working capital deficit
was approximately 448 thousand of which 61 thousand was cash. Current liabilities were 967 thousand and include: 

Accounts
 payable of approximately 38 thousand for amounts due vendors and service providers. 

Accrued
 expenses of approximately 271 thousand for warranty allowances, wages, and customer deposits. 

Operating
 lease - current portion of approximately 38 thousand. 

Notes
 payable related parties - current portion of approximately 413 thousand. 

Notes
 payable unrelated parties - current portion of approximately 207 thousand. 

Cash
Flows provided by (use d in) Operating Activities 

Cash used in operating activities was approximately
 1.9 million in 2022 compared with approximately 2.4 million in 2021. The cash used in operating activities in 2022 included the negative
cash impact of the net loss, which was approximately 2.6 million, offset by a decrease of prepaid expenses of 463 thousand, a decrease
in inventory of 97 thousand, a decrease in accounts payable of 229 thousand, netted against a decrease in tax refund for 284 thousand. 

Cash Flows used in Investing Activities 

Cash provided by in investing activities in
2021 was 0 compared to cash used in investing activities of 32 thousand in 2021. The Company continued to invest in new product molds
and tooling. With the product expansion into the Smart Mirror categories, the Company s purchased tooling and product molds in 2021.
In 2022, the Company began a re-engineering of the Smart Mirror for its next rollout for version two and decided the current tooling and
product molds will not manufacture the mold for version two, and therefore removed the equipment from the balance sheet as it will not
provide any future resources to the Company. Future capital requirements will increase to fund future mold and tooling as the Company
expands the Connected Surfaces portfolio. 

Cash Flows used in Financing Activities 

Cash received and used in financing activities for
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, was approximately 688 thousand and 2.4 million, respectively. During 2022, the Company received
 700,000 in working capital funding netted against a 12 thousand repurchase of common shares. In 2021, the Company received approximately
 1.4 million from sales of common stock and approximately 1.0 million purchase order funding received from related party note payable
during the year 2021. 

The Company has negotiated beneficial payment terms with our main
overseas manufacturers including the new supplier in Thailand, which has resulted in reduced funding requirements to produce newly launched
products. 

49 

Exchange Rates 

We sell all of our products in U.S. dollars
and pay for all of our manufacturing costs in U.S. dollars. Our factories are located in Thailand. During 2021 the average exchange rate
between the U.S. Dollar and Chinese Yuan have been relatively stable approximately RMB 6.90 to U.S. 1.00. 

The average exchange rate between the U.S. Dollar
and Thai Baht has been relatively stable at approximately Baht 34.53 to U.S. 1.00. 

While exchange rates have been stable for several
years, we cannot assure you that the exchange rate between the United States, Chinese and Thailand currencies will continue to be stable
and exchange rate fluctuations may have a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have material off-balance sheet arrangements
that have or are reasonably likely to have a material future effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 

DIVIDENDS 

We have not declared or paid any cash or other
dividends on shares of our Common Stock in the last eight years and we presently have no intention of paying any cash dividends on shares
of our Common Stock. 

RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

See Note 4 of the Consolidated Financial Statements
at Item 15 of this Report. 

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 

See Note 1 of the Consolidated Financial Statements
at Item 15 of this Report. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

The preparation of consolidated financial statements
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP requires management
to make certain estimates and assumptions regarding matters that are inherently uncertain and that ultimately affect the reported amounts
of assets, liabilities, revenues and expense, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, management
evaluates its estimates and judgments, including those related to revenue recognition; inventory valuation; depreciation; amortization
and the recovery of long-lived assets; including goodwill and intangible assets; shared base-based payment expense; product warranty;
and other reserves and assumptions based on management s experience and understanding of current facts and circumstances, historical
experience and other relevant factors. These estimates may differ from actual results. Certain of our accounting policies are considered
critical as they are both important to reflect our financial position and results of operations and require significant or complex judgement
on the part of management. The following is a summary of certain accounting policies considered critical by management. 

Revenue Recognition 

 The Company generates revenue from
 developing, marketing and selling consumer electronic products through national and regional retailers. The Company s products
 are targeted for applications such as home indoor and outdoor lighting as well as Internet-of-Thing devices and will have different
 functionalities. Capstone currently operates in the consumer electronic products category in the Unites States and in specific
 overseas markets. These products may be offered either under the Capstone brand or a private brand. 

A sales contract occurs when the customer-retailer
submits a purchase order to buy a specific product, a specific quantity, at an agreed-fixed price, within a ship window, from a specific
location and on agreed payment terms. The selling price in all of our customers orders has been previously negotiated and agreed
to including any applicable discount prior to receiving the customer s purchase order. The stated unit price in the customer s
order has already been determined and is fixed at the time of invoicing. 

50 

The Company recognizes product revenue when
the Company s performance obligations as per the terms in the customers purchase order have been fully satisfied, specifically,
when the specified product and quantity ordered has been manufactured and shipped pursuant to the customers requested ship window, when
the sales price as detailed in the purchase order is fixed, when the product title and risk of loss for that order has passed to the customer,
and collection of the invoice is reasonably assured. This means that the product ordered and to be shipped has gone through quality assurance
inspection, customs and commercial documentation preparation, the goods delivered, title transferred to the customer and confirmed by
a signed cargo receipt or bill of lading. Only at the time of shipment when all performance obligations have been satisfied will the judgement
be made to invoice the customer and complete the sales contract. 

With the Company launching the Connected
Surfaces Smart Mirror program, the direct-to-consumer orders are sold initially through e-commerce platforms. The Company
also sells the Connected Surfaces Smart Mirror program through independent retailers. The Company will only bill the customer
and recognize revenue upon the customer obtaining control of the Smart Mirror order which will occur upon delivery. 

The Company may enter into a licensing agreement
with globally recognized companies, that allows the Company to market products under a licensed brand to retailers for a designated period
of time, and whereby the Company will pay a royalty fee, typically a percentage of licensed product revenue to the licensor in order to
market the licensed product. 

The Company may also enter into
a private label agreement, whereby the Company produces and ships products to a customer that has been packaged and will
be marketed under the customers own private label. 

The Company expenses license royalty fees and
sales commissions when incurred and these expenses are recognized during the period the related sale is recorded. These costs are recorded
within sales and marketing expenses. 

We provide our customers with limited rights
of return for non-conforming product warranty claims. As a policy, the Company does not accept product returns from retail customers,
however occasionally as part of a customers in store test for new product, we may receive back residual inventory. 

Customer orders received are not long-term orders
and are typically shipped within six months of the order receipt, but certainly within a one-year period. 

Our payment terms may vary by the type of customer,
the customer s credit standing, the location where the product will be picked up from and for international customers, which country
their corporate office is located. The term between invoicing date and when payment is due may vary between 30 days and 90 days depending
on the customer type. In order to ensure there are no payment issues, overseas customers or new customers may be required to provide a
deposit or full payment before the order is delivered to the customer. 

The Company selectively supports retailer s
initiatives to maximize sales of the Company s products on the retail floor or to assist in developing consumer awareness of new
products launches, by providing marketing fund allowances to the customer. The Company recognizes these incentives at the time they are
offered to the customers and records a credit to their account with an offsetting charge as either a reduction to revenue, increase to
cost of sales, or marketing expenses depending on the type of sales incentives. 

Sales reductions for anticipated discounts,
promotional and marketing allowances, defective warranty claims, and other deductions are recognized during the period the related revenue
is recorded. The Company may be subject to chargebacks from customers for negotiated promotional allowances, that are deducted from open
invoices and reduce collectability of open invoices. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had processed approximately
 26.7 thousand and 8.0 thousand, respectively for such allowances. 

Accounts Receivable 

For product revenue, the Company invoices its
customers at the time of shipment for the sales value of the product shipped. Accounts receivables are recognized at the amount expected
to be collected and are not subject to any interest or finance charges. The Company does not have any off-balance sheet credit exposure
related to any of its customers. 

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

The Company evaluates the collectability of
accounts receivable based on a combination of factors. In cases where the Company becomes aware of circumstances that may impair a specific
customer s ability to meet its financial obligations subsequent to the original sale, the Company will recognize an allowance against
amounts due, and thereby reduce the net recognized receivable to the amount the Company reasonably believes will be collected. For all
other customers, the Company recognizes an allowance for doubtful accounts based on the length of time the receivables are past due and
consideration of other factors such as industry conditions, the current business environment and the Company s historical payment
experience. An allowance for doubtful accounts is established as losses are estimated to have occurred through a provision for bad debts
charged to earnings. This evaluation is inherently subjective and requires estimates that are susceptible to significant revisions as
more information becomes available. 

As of both Decembers 31, 2022 and 2021, management
determined that the accounts receivable is fully collectible. As such, management has not recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts. 

51 

Goodwill 

On September 13, 2006, the Company entered into
a Stock Purchase Agreement with Capstone Industries, Inc., a Florida corporation Capstone ). Capstone was incorporated in
Florida on May 15, 1996 and is engaged primarily in the business of wholesaling technology inspired consumer products to distributors
and retailers in the United States. Under the Stock Purchase Agreement, the Company acquired 100 of the issued and outstanding shares
of Capstone s Common Stock, and recorded goodwill of 1,936,020. 

Goodwill acquired in business combinations is initially
computed as the amount paid by the acquiring company in excess of the fair value of the net assets acquired. 

In January 2017, the FASB issued ASU 2017-04,
 Simplifying the Test for Goodwill Impairment, which requires an entity to perform a one-step quantitative impairment test, whereby
a goodwill impairment loss will be measured as the excess of a reporting unit s carrying amount over its fair value (not to exceed
the total goodwill allocated to that reporting unit). ASU 2017-04 was effective for the Company s fiscal year ended December 31,
2019. The adoption of ASU 2017-04 did not have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 

Goodwill is tested for impairment on December
31 of each year or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. If the carrying amount
exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized. Goodwill is not amortized. The Company estimates the fair value of its single
reporting unit relative to the Company s market capitalization. 

As a result of the economic uncertainties
caused by the COVID-19 pandemic during the year ended December 31, 2021, management determined sufficient indicators existed
to trigger the performance of interim goodwill impairment analyses for each reporting quarter. The total impairment charge for
the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 0, respectively. 

With the continuing economic uncertainties caused
by the COVID-19 pandemic, the capital markets may have a downturn and adversely affect the Company s stock price which will require
the Company to test its goodwill for impairment in future reporting periods. The Company s stock is deemed a penny stock 
under Commission rules. 

Accrued Liabilities 

Accrued liabilities contained in the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets include accruals for estimated amounts of credits to be issued in future years based on potential product
warranties, compensation, benefits, marketing allowances and other liabilities. 

52 

Income Taxes 

The Company is subject to income taxes in the
U.S. federal jurisdiction, various state jurisdictions and certain other jurisdictions. The Company accounts for income taxes under the
provisions of Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standard Codification ASC 740 Income
Taxes . ASC 740 requires recognition of deferred income tax assets and liabilities for the expected future income tax consequences,
based on enacted tax laws, of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. The Company
and its U.S. subsidiaries file consolidated income tax returns. 

Tax regulations within each jurisdiction are
subject to the interpretation of the relaxed tax laws and regulations and require significant judgement to apply. The Company is not subject
to U.S. federal, state and local tax examinations by tax authorities generally for a period of 3 years from the later of each return due
date or date filed. 

If the Company were to subsequently record an
unrecognized tax benefit, associated penalties and tax related interest expense would be recorded as a component of income tax expense. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had federal
and state net operating loss carry forwards of approximately 5,028,000 and 6,495,000 respectively. The federal net operating loss is
available to the Company indefinitely and available to offset up to 80 of future taxable income each year. The net deferred tax liability
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 285,000 and 274,000, respectively, and is reflected in long-term liabilities in the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets. 

On March 27, 2020, the CARES
Act was enacted into law. The CARES Act is a tax and spending package intended to provide economic relief to address the impact
of the COVID-19 pandemic. The CARES Act includes several significant income and other business tax provisions that, among other
things, provided for the Employee Retention Tax Credit ERTC ), a refundable tax credit for businesses that continued
to pay employees while shut down due to COVID-19 or had significant declines in gross receipts from March 13, 2022 to December
31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded a net tax receivable of 0 and 284,876,
respectively, related to the ERTC. During 2022, the Company received a refund of 231,155 with the remaining receivable
balance of 53,721 included as income tax expense on the consolidated statements of operations as of December 31, 2022. 

The effective tax rate for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, was (2.61 and (0.77 and the statutory tax rate was 25.39 in 2022 and 23.7 in 2021. 

The Company recognizes the tax benefit from
an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities,
based on the technical merits of the position. 

Deferred tax assets are to be reduced by a valuation
allowance if it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred assets will not be realized. The Company has evaluated
the positive and negative evidence bearing upon its ability to realize the deferred tax assets. Management has considered the Company s
history of cumulative net losses incurred and has concluded that it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize the benefits
of the deferred tax assets. Accordingly, a full valuation allowance has been established against the deferred tax assets as of December
31, 2022 and 2021. Since indefinite-lived assets cannot be used as a source of taxable income to support the realization of deferred tax
asset, a valuation allowance was recorded against the deferred tax assets, and a net deferred tax liability or naked credit of approximately
 285,000 and 274,000 is presented on the company s balance sheet, respectively. The Company s valuation allowance increased
by 740,508 in 2022. 

The Company recognizes liabilities for uncertain
tax positions based on a two-step process. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight
of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of
related appeals or litigation processes, if any. The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than
50 likely of being realized upon settlement. While the Company believes that it has appropriate support for the positions taken on its
tax returns, the Company regularly assesses the potential outcome of examinations by tax authorities in determining the adequacy of its
provision for income taxes. 

53 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market
Risk. (Not Applicable) 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. 

The financial statements and financial
statement schedules of CAPC as well as supplementary data are listed in Item 15 below and are included after the signature page
to this Form 10-K report. 

Item 9 . Changes in and Disagreements
with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures.
 Based on an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, the Company s principal
executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act were effective as of December 31, 2022, to provide reasonable assurance that information
required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the Company s
management, including its principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Control over Financial Reporting. The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness
of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth in Internal Control Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on the Company s
assessment, management has concluded that its internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP
and includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain to the maintenance
 of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company. 

Provide reasonable assurance
 that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
 principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management
 and directors of the Company; and 

Provide reasonable assurance
 regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could
 have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because the Company is a smaller reporting company,
this Form 10-K report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm. 

54 

Management, including the Company s Chief
Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that the Company s internal controls will prevent or detect
all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance
that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource
constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control
systems, no evaluation of internal controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have
been detected. Also, any evaluation of the effectiveness of controls in future periods are subject to the risk that those internal controls
may become inadequate because of changes in business conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in the Company s internal control over
financial reporting during the fourth quarter of 2021, which were identified in connection with management s evaluation required
by paragraph (d) of Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

The Chairman of our Audit Committee has reviewed
the internal control reports in detail and has spoken to the external auditors in depth about the audit, the internal controls and the
auditors findings. The Chairman has had detailed discussions with the auditors about these matters, prior to, during, and on completion
of the audit. 

The certifications of our Chief Executive Officer
and Interim Chief Financial Officer attached as Exhibits 31 and 32 and to this Report include information concerning our disclosure controls
and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. Such certifications should be read in conjunction with the information incorporated
by reference to our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, for a more complete understanding of the matters
covered by such certifications. 

Item 9B. Other Information. None 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent
Inspection. Not applicable. 

55 

Part III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance. 

CURRENT BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

The incumbent and current members of the Board of
Directors are: 

1. 
 Stewart Wallach. Mr. Wallach
 has been a Director since April 2007. 

2. 
 Gerry McClinton. Mr. McClinton
 resigned as a Director as of November 30, 2022 

3. 
 Jeffrey Postal. Mr. Postal
 has been a Director since January 2004. 

4. 
 Jeffrey Guzy. Mr. Guzy
 was appointed as a Director on May 3, 2007. Mr. Guzy is deemed an Independent Director under applicable standards. 

5. 
 Larry Sloven. Mr. Sloven was appointed as a Director on May 3, 2007.
 On July 5, 2022, Mr. Sloven was not nominated to stand for election and is deemed to
 no longer serve on the Board of Directors as of July 5, 2022. 

6. 
 George Wolf was appointed
 as a Director on January 13, 2022. 

Each Director s term is for one
year. Company Directors have typically been elected in the past by written consent of stockholders holding more than 50 of the
current voting power. The Company uses the written consent because a small number of shareholders have sufficient voting power
to decide the election of Directors and approval or denial of any other corporate resolution and the cost of conducting an annual
stockholders meeting is significant for a small reporting company. The Company conducts regular stockholder-investor conference
calls to allow stockholders to interact with Company senior management and to ask questions of that management. 

Further, stockholders may make inquiries in
writing by sending their inquiries to Aimee Gaudet, Secretary, Capstone Companies, Inc., 431 Fairway Drive, Suite 200, Deerfield Beach,
Florida 33441. The information required in Part III of this Form 10-K report is set forth in the information statement filed for the written
consent approval of nominee slates of Directors and the requirements for stockholders to submit proposed resolutions and Director nominees
is set forth in this Form 10-K report. 

DIRECTOR PROFILES 

Stewart Wallach , Age 71, Chief Executive
Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors since April 23, 2007, a director of the Company since September 22, 2006, and the founder
and Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Capstone Industries, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary, and principal
operating subsidiary of the Company since September 20, 2006. Mr. Wallach is an American entrepreneur and has founded and operated a number
of successful businesses over his 35-year career. Over the past 15 years, Mr. Wallach has been focused on technology-based companies in
addition to consumer product businesses, the field in which he has spent most of his career. Prior to founding Capstone Industries, Inc.,
he sold Systematic Marketing, Inc., which designed, manufactured, and marketed automotive consumer products to mass markets, to Sagaz
Industries, Inc., a leader in these categories. He served as President of Sagaz Industries, Inc. for 10 years before forming Capstone
Industries, Inc. In 1998, Mr. Wallach co-founded Examsoft Worldwide, Inc. Examsoft ), which developed and delivered software
technology solving security challenges of laptop-based examinations for major educational institutions and state bar examiners. Mr. Wallach
remained chairman of Examsoft until it was acquired in late 2009. Mr. Wallach has designed and patented a number of innovations over the
span of his career and has been traveling to China establishing manufacturing and joint venture relationships since the early 1980s. 

James Gerry McClinton ,
Age 67, Chief Financial Officer and Director until November 30, 2022. Mr. McClinton was appointed as a director of the Company on February
5, 2008 and retired effective November 30, 2022. He was the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of the Company and its
Capstone Industries, Inc. subsidiary. His prior work experience is: (a) President of Capstone Industries, Inc. (2005 -2007); (b) General
Manager of Capstone Industries, Inc. (2000-2005); (c) Held senior officer positions with Sagaz Industries, Inc. (1990-2000); and (d) Chief
Financial Officer, Firedoor Corporation, a national manufacturer of security and fire doors to the construction industry (1980-1990).
Mr. McClinton received a designation from The Royal Institute of Cost and Management Accountants I.C.M.A. ), University
of Northern Ireland, Belfast, United Kingdom. 

56 

Dr. Jeffrey Postal, Age 65. Director.
He has served as a director of the Company since January of 2004. Dr. Postal presently is a businessman and entrepreneur in the Miami,
Florida region. Dr. Postal owns, founded or funded numerous successful businesses over the last few years, including but not limited to:
Sportacular Art, a company that was licensed by the National Football League, Major League Baseball and National Hockey League to design
and manufacture sports memorabilia for retail distribution in the U.S; Co-Owner of Natures Sleep, LLC, a major distributor of Visco Memory
Foam mattresses, both nationally and internationally; Dr. Postal is a Partner in Social Extract, LLC, a Social Media company offering
consulting services to many major companies in the U.S.; Dr. Postal is the principal investor of Postal Capital Funding, LLC, a private
investment fund whose mission is to find undervalued/under capitalized companies and extend funding to them in exchange for equity and/or
capital consideration; and Dr. Postal is the founder of Datastream Card Services, a company that provides innovative billing solutions
to companies conducting business on the internet. 

Jeffrey Guzy, Age 70. Director. He was
appointed to the Company s Board of Directors on May 3, 2007. He serves as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of CoJax Oil and
Gas Corporation, an SEC reporting company. Mr. Guzy is an outside director of Leatt Corporation, an SEC reporting company (OTCQB: LEAT).
Mr. Guzy served, from October 2007 to August 2010 as President of Leatt Corporation. Mr. Guzy has a MBA in Strategic Planning and Management
from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania; a M.S. in Systems Engineering from the University of Pennsylvania; a B.S. in
Electrical Engineering from Penn State University; and a Certificate in Theology from Georgetown University. Mr. Guzy has served as an
executive manager or consultant for business development, sales, customer service and management in the telecommunications industry, specifically,
with IBM Corp., Sprint International, Bell Atlantic Video Services, Loral CyberStar and FaciliCom International. Mr. Guzy has also started
his own telecommunications company providing Internet services in Western Africa. He serves as an independent director and chairman of
the audit committee of Purebase Corporation (OTC: PUBC) a public company. 

George Wolf, Age 72. Mr. Wolf
has provided sales and business development consulting services to the Company since 2014. Prior to Mr. Wolf providing these consulting
services, he served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Systematic Development Group, LLC from 2010 into 2014, President
and Chief Executive Officer of ExamSoft Worldwide, Inc. (1998 2009) and as Executive Vice President of Sagaz Industries,
Inc. (1986 1997). 

Set forth below is a tabular disclosure summarizing
some of the specific qualifications, attributes, skills and experiences of our directors. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Qualifications 
 
 Stewart Wallach 
 
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 He has extensive experience in executive management of companies. He has experience in growing operations and merger and acquisition transactions. He has extensive experience in arranging the design, development and production of products in foreign nations for shipment and sale in the U.S. and conducting business abroad. His experience provides insight for the implementation of effective operational, financial and strategic leadership of the Company. 
 
 James McClinton 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 He has a degree in accounting. He has prior practical experience in corporate accounting. He has executive operational experience, including acting as a chief financial officer. His invaluable experience in finance and accounting provides insight for the implementation of effective operational, financial and strategic leadership of the Company. 
 
 Jeffrey Postal 
 
 Director 
 
 He has extensive experience in investing in companies. He has extensive experience in management and business, He has experience growing a company and mergers and acquisitions. 

Jeffrey Guzy 
 
 Director 
 
 Through his MBA in Strategic Planning Management and his knowledge of U.S. capital markets, Mr. Guzy provides invaluable guidance and perspective to the Board. He serves and has served as an officer and director of public companies and worked for large corporations in business development. He brings this experience to the Board. 
 
 George Wolf 
 
 Director 
 
 He has extensive experience in sales and business development and has prior management experience. He is familiar with the Company s sales and business development strategies and operations and has worked closely with executive officers of the Company in sales and business development. 

57 

POLICY REGARDING BOARD ATTENDANCE 

Company Directors are expected to attend all
annual and special board meetings per Company policy. An attendance rate of less than 75 over any 12-month period is grounds for removal
from the Board of Directors. In fiscal year 2022, six out of the seven Directors attended the (2) three board meetings. 

Mr. Sloven ceased to participate
as a director in 2022. Although he did not tender a formal resignation, he has made no effort to communicate as a director or
to fulfill his duties as a director in the last half of 2022. As such, the Company deems Mr. Sloven to have constructively resigned
as a director. 

ROLE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS IN CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing
the Chief Executive Officer and other senior management in order to assure that such officers are competent and ethical in running the
Company on a day-to-day basis and to assure that the long-term interests of the stockholders are being served by such management. The
Directors must take a pro-active focus and approach to their obligation in order to set and enforce standards to ensure that the Company
is committed to business success through maintenance of the highest standards of responsibility and ethics. The Company has adopted a
Code of Ethics, which is posted on http://capstonecompaniesinc.com. The contents of the Company Website are not incorporated herein by
reference and that Website provided in this Report is intended to be an inactive textual reference only. 

AUDIT COMMITTEE 

The Audit Committee was established in accordance
with Section 3(a)(58) (A) of the Exchange Act. It is primarily responsible for overseeing the services performed by the Company s
Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, evaluating the Company s accounting policies and its system of internal controls
and reviewing significant financial transactions. The members of the Audit Committee in fiscal year 2022 were Jeffrey Guzy and Jeffrey
Postal. The Company believes that Mr. Guzy is an Independent Director under SEC and NASDAQ applicable standards. The Board of Directors
has determined that Mr. Guzy qualifies as an Audit Committee Financial Expert as defined under applicable SEC rules and
also meets the additional criteria for independence of Audit Committee members set forth in Rule 10A-3(b)(1) under the Exchange Act. 

REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE 

The Audit Committee is responsible for providing
oversight to Company s accounting and financial reporting processes and the audit of the Company s financial statements. The
Audit Committee monitors the Company s external audit process, including auditor independence matters, the scope and fees related
to audits, and the extent to which the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm may be retained to perform non-audit services. The
Audit Committee also reviews the results of the external audit with regard to the adequacy and appropriateness of our financial, accounting
and internal controls over financial reporting. It also generally oversees the Company s internal compliance programs. The function
of the Audit Committee is not intended to duplicate or to certify the activities of the management and the Independent Registered Public
Accounting Firm, nor can the Audit Committee certify that the independent registered public accounting firm is independent 
under applicable rules. The Audit Committee members are not professional accountants or auditors. Under its Charter, the Audit Committee
has authority to retain outside legal, accounting or other advisors as it deems necessary to carry out its duties and to require the Company
to pay for such expenditures. 

The Audit Committee provides counsel, advice and direction
to management and the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on matters for which it is responsible, based on the information it
receives from management and the independent registered public accounting firm and the experience of its members in business, financial
and accounting matters. 

The Company s management is responsible
for the preparation and integrity of its financial statements, accounting and financial reporting principles, and internal controls and
procedures designed to ensure compliance with accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations. 

58 

In this context, the Audit Committee hereby
reports as follows: 

1) 
 Company s management
 has represented to the Audit Committee that the 2022 audited financial statements were prepared in accordance with accounting principles
 generally accepted in the United States of America. The Audit Committee has reviewed and discussed the audited financial statements
 for year 2022 with Company s management and the independent registered public accounting firm. 

2) 
 The Audit Committee has
 received written disclosures and a letter from the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, D. Brooks Associates, required
 by the PCAOB and has discussed with D. Brooks Associates, their independence. 

3) 
 Based on the review and
 discussion referred to above, the Audit Committee recommended to the board, and the board has approved, that the audited financial
 statements be included in Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Commission
 on March 31, 2023. 

The foregoing report is provided by the undersigned
Chairman of the Audit Committee. 

/s/Jeffrey Guzy 

Jeffrey Guzy, Chairman of Audit Committee 

COMPENSATION AND NOMINATION COMMITTEE Compensation
and Nomination Committee 

Company s Compensation and Nomination
Committee is currently composed of two members (both Company directors): Mr. Jeffrey Guzy and Mr. Jeffrey Postal. Only Mr. Guzy, who serves
as Chairman of the Compensation and Nomination Committee, is independent within the meaning of the NASDAQ Marketplace Rules. 

Company s Compensation and Nomination
Committee assists the Company Board of Directors in reviewing and approving the compensation structure of executive officers, including
all forms of compensation to be provided to the executive officers. The chief executive officer and chief financial officer may not be
present at any Compensation and Nomination Committee meeting during which the executive s compensation is discussed and deliberated. 

The Compensation and Nomination Committee is responsible
for, among other customary duties, the following: 

Reviewing, overseeing and
 approving the compensation of Company s executive officers; and 

Periodically reviewing
 and making recommendations to the Company Board of Directors about incentive compensation, stock or equity compensation plans, annual
 bonus programs and grants, any employee pension or welfare benefit plans and any similar forms of benefit plans; and 

Periodically reviewing
 and approving corporate performance and corporate performance goals that are applicable to compensation of Company s chief
 executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluating the performance of those executives in light of corporate performance and
 corporate performance goals; and determining the compensation for the Company s chief executive officer and chief financial
 officer. 

CODE OF ETHICS 

The Company has a code of ethics that applies
to all of the Company s employees, including its principal executive officer, and principal financial officer, and its Board. A
copy of this code is available on http://www.capstonecompaniesinc.com. The Company intends to disclose any changes in or waivers from
its code of ethics by posting such information on its website or by filing a Form 8-K Report. 

DIRECTOR MEETINGS IN FISCAL YEAR 2022 

The Board of Directors had (2) three official
meetings in year 2022. During 2022, six out of the seven Directors attended 75 or more of the Board meeting, which were held during the
period of time that such person served on the Board or such committee. 

Board Leadership Structure and Board s
Role in Risk Oversight 

The Company s Board of Directors endorses
the view that one of its primary functions is to protect stockholders interests by providing independent oversight of management,
including the Chief Executive Officer. The Chief Financial Officer is allowed and encouraged to address the Board of Directors on any
issues affecting the Company or its stockholders. The Company also allows outside counsel to participate in some of the board meetings
in order to provide legal counsel and an outside perspective on corporate governance and risk issues. 

59 

Board Structure. The Company believes
that the Chief Executive Officer or CEO should also serve as Chairman of the Board of Directors in order to have the person
most knowledgeable about the Company heading the Board of Directors. 

The CEO is responsible for setting
the strategic direction for the Company and the day-to-day leadership and performance of the Company, while the Chairman
of the Board of Directors provides guidance to senior management and sets the agenda for Board of Directors meetings and presides
over meetings of the full Board of Directors. 

Our CEO serves on our Board of Directors, which
we believe helps the CEO serve as a bridge between management and the Board of Directors, ensuring that both groups act with a common
purpose. We believe that the CEO s presence on the Board of Directors enhances his ability to provide insight and direction on important
strategic initiatives to both management and the independent directors and, at the same time, ensures that the appropriate level of independent
oversight is applied to all decisions by the Board of Directors. 

The Chairman of the Board has no greater nor
lesser vote on matters considered by the Board than any other director, and neither the Chairman nor any other director votes on any related
party transaction. All directors of the Company, including the Chairman, are bound by fiduciary obligations, imposed by law, to serve
the best interests of the stockholders. Accordingly, separating the offices of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer would not serve to
enhance or diminish the fiduciary duties of any director of the Company. 

Board of Director 2022 Compensation
Table 

Name
 (1) 
 Audit
 Committee 
 Nomination
 and Compensation Committees 
 Total 
 Awards 
 
 Stewart
 Wallach (2) 

Gerry
 McClinton (2) 

Jeff
 Guzy 
 4,500 
 
 4,500 
 
 Jeff
 Postal 
 4,500 
 
 4,500 
 
 Larry
 Sloven (3) 

(1) 
 The individuals listed
 were appointed to the Board of Directors for 2021-2022. 

(2) 
 Mr. Wallach, Mr. McClinton
 and Mr. Sloven as Company Employees did not receive compensation for participating as a Director on the Board. 

(3) 
 Mr. Sloven was not re-elected
 to the Board of Directors as of July 2022. 

On July 5, 2022, the Company approved that the cash
compensation for services as a director and services as a member of the Audit Committee, Compensation and Nomination Committee for independent
directors Jeffrey Postal and Jeffrey Guzy was suspended for the remainder of 2022. 

On July 5, 2022, the Board of Directors of the Company
held a special meeting and approved the following corporate actions or proposals: 

The Board nominated the
 following incumbent directors to stand for election to the Board for a term commencing upon election and ending in 2023 and the election
 and assumption of office of successors: (a) Stewart Wallach; (b) James McClinton; (c) George Wolf; (d) Jeffrey Postal; and (e) Jeffrey
 Guzy approved a resolution to seek shareholders vote or consent to these nominees. 

July 8, 2022 was set as
 the record date for holders of record of issued shares of Company Common Stock entitled to vote for election of, or written consent
 to election of, directors in 2022 and for any other matters presented for shareholder approval. 

On September 30, 2022, the Board rescinded the approval
of the record date of July 8, 2022 and approved the record date to be changed to September 30, 2022. The election of directors has been
postponed until 2023. 

60 

On May 6, 2021, the Company approved the following
basic compensation arrangement for independent directors of the Company, effective August 6, 2021 and ending August 5, 2022: A total compensation
value of 15,000 per annum, payable 750 monthly cash compensation or 9,000 or (60 of total value) and remainder 6,000 payable in non-qualified
stock options issuable as of August 6, 2022 and with an exercise price equal to market price of common stock as of August 6, 2021, less
20 (discount). 

George Wolf, who was appointed as a
director on January 13, 2022, waived any compensation as a director for 2022. 

On May 31, 2019, the Company approved that effective
on June 1, 2019, each independent director, namely Jeffrey Guzy and Jeffrey Postal, would each receive 750 per calendar month, as a Form
1099 compensation, for their continued services as directors of the Company. This compensation would be additional to the stock option
grants awarded for their participation on the Audit Committee and Compensation and Nominating Committee. 

On May 31, 2019, the Company also approved that
the independent directors would be offered effective from June 1, 2019, the opportunity to participate as a non-employee in the Company s
Health Benefit Plan, subject to compliance with all plan participation requirements and on acceptance into the plan the director will
be responsible to pay 100 of their plan s participation cost. 

On June 10, 2020, the Company
approved that effective on August 1, 2020 until August 1, 2021, each independent director, namely Jeffrey Guzy and Jeffrey Postal,
would each receive 750 per calendar month, as a Form 1099 compensation, for their continued services as directors of the Company.
This compensation would be additional to the stock option grants awarded for their participation on the Audit Committee and Compensation
and Nominating Committee. For both years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, both directors each received 5,250 each as
Form 1099 compensation. 

Independent Directors. The Board
of the Company is typically comprised five directors, one of whom is an independent director under the listing standards of quotation
systems like The NASDAQ Stock Market. The Company has sought unsuccessfully to recruit qualified independent directors. Although
we have D O insurance, we believe that past losses and low public stock market price discourages qualified candidates from
serving as independent directors. This is a problem commonly faced by micro-cap, penny stock companies like our
Company. 

Our senior officers are responsible for the day-to-day
management of risks the Company faces, while the Board, as a whole and through its committees, has responsibility for the oversight of
risk management. In its risk oversight role, the Board of Directors has the responsibility to satisfy itself that the risk management
processes designed and implemented by management are adequate and functioning as designed. To do this, the Chairman of the Board and other
non-officer directors met quarterly on average with management to discuss strategy and the risks facing the Company. Senior management,
each member being also a director, attends the Board meetings and is available to address any questions or concerns raised by the Board
on risk management and any other matters. The Chairman of the Board and members of the Board work together to provide strong, independent
oversight of the Company s management and affairs through its standing committees and, when necessary, special meetings of directors.
Since most of the directors live in the same area, informal meetings between directors and officers also occur to discuss business risk
and appropriate responses. 

Director - Minimum Qualifications . The
Compensation and Nominating Committee has adopted a set of criteria that it considers when it selects individuals not currently on the
Board of Directors to be nominated for election to the Board of Directors. A candidate must meet the eligibility requirements set forth
in the Company s Bylaws. A candidate must also meet any qualification requirements set forth in any Board or committee governing
documents. If the candidate is deemed eligible for election to the Board of Directors, the Compensation and Nominating Committee will
then evaluate the prospective nominee to determine if he or she possesses the following qualifications, qualities or skills: 

contributions to the range
 of talent, skill and expertise appropriate for the Board. 

financial, regulatory and
 business experience, knowledge of the operations of public companies and ability to read and understand financial statements. 

familiarity with the Company s
 market. 

personal and professional
 integrity, honesty and reputation. 

the ability to represent
 the best interests of the shareholders of the Company and the best interests of the institution. 

the ability to devote sufficient
 time and energy to the performance of his or her duties; and 

independence under applicable
 Commission and listing definitions. 

The Compensation and Nominating Committee will
also consider any other factors it deems relevant. With respect to nominating an existing director for re-election to the Board of Directors,
the Compensation and Nominating Committee will consider and review an existing director s Board and committee attendance and performance;
length of Board service; experience, skills and contributions that the existing director brings to the Board; and independence. 

61 

Director Nomination Process . The process
that the Compensation and Nominating Committee follows when it identifies and evaluates individuals to be nominated for election to the
Board of Directors is as follows: 

For purposes of identifying nominees for the
Board of Directors, the Compensation and Nominating Committee relies on personal contacts of the committee members and other members of
the Board of Directors and will consider director candidates recommended by stockholders in accordance with the policy and procedures
set forth above. The Compensation and Nominating Committee has not used an independent search firm to identify nominees. 

In evaluating potential nominees, the Compensation
and Nominating Committee determines whether the candidate is eligible and qualified for service on the Board of Directors by evaluating
the candidate under the selection criteria, which are discussed in more detail below. If such individual fulfills these criteria, the
Compensation and Nominating Committee will conduct a check of the individual s background and interview the candidate to further
assess the qualities of the prospective nominee and the contributions he or she would make to the Board of Directors. 

Consideration of Recommendation by Stockholders. 
It is the policy of the Compensation and Nomination Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company to consider director candidates
recommended by stockholders who appear to be qualified to serve on the Company s Board of Directors. The Compensation and Nominating
Committee may choose not to consider an unsolicited recommendation if no vacancy exists on the Board of Directors and the Compensation
and Nomination Committee does not perceive a need to increase the size of the Board of Directors. To avoid the unnecessary use of the
Compensation and Nominating Committee s resources, the Compensation and Nomination Committee will consider only those director candidates
recommended in accordance with the procedures set forth below. 

Stockholder Proposal Procedures. To submit
a recommendation of a director candidate to the Compensation and Nomination Committee, a stockholder should submit the following information
in writing, addressed to the Chairperson of the Compensation and Nomination Committee, care of the Corporate Secretary, at the main office
of the Company: 

1. 
 The name of the person
 recommended as a director candidate. 

2. 
 All information relating
 to such person that is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors pursuant to Regulation 14A
 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

3. 
 The written consent of
 the person being recommended as a director candidate to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a director
 if elected. 

4. 
 The name and address of
 the stockholder making the recommendation, as they appear on the Company s books; provided, however, that if the stockholder
 is not a registered holder of the Company s common stock, the stockholder should submit his or her name and address along with
 a current written statement from the record holder of the shares that reflects ownership of the Company s common stock; and 

5. 
 A statement disclosing
 whether such stockholder is acting with or on behalf of any other person and, if applicable, the identity such person. 

In order for a director candidate to be considered
for nomination at the Company s annual meeting of stockholders, when and if one is held, or to be considered prior to a written
consent vote on director nominees, the recommendation must be received by the Compensation and Nominating Committee at least 30 days before
the date of the annual meeting or, in the case of an information statement and no shareholder meeting being held, prior to April 1st. 

MANAGEMENT OF THE COMPANY 

CURRENT OFFICERS. The current officers of the Company are: 

1. 
 Stewart Wallach, age 71,
 was appointed as Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company on April 23, 2007. Mr. Wallach is also the senior executive
 officer and director of Capstone. 

2. 
 Gerry McClinton, age 67, was the Chief
 Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer and a director (appointed as a director on February 5, 2008) of the Company.
 Mr. McClinton was also a senior executive of Capstone who resigned and retired, effective November 30, 2022. 

3. 
 Aimee
 Gaudet, age 44, was appointed on January 16, 2013, as Company Secretary. She was also Executive Assistant to Stewart Wallach at the
 Company. Ms. Guadet resigned from her position as Executive Assistant effective February 1, 2022 
 and continued to assist
 with Corporate Secretary duties through March 31, 2022. 

4. 
 Dana Eschenburg Perez,
 age 45, was engaged as a consultant to perform the duties of Chief Financial Officer on January 1, 2023. She was appointed as
 interim Chief Financial Officer on March 27, 2023. 

FAMILY RELATIONSHIP : There is no family
relationship between members of Company management. 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports . 

Section 16(a) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires the Company s directors and executive officers, and owners of more than ten percent
of the Company s Common Shares 10 stockholders ), to file with the Commission initial reports of ownership
and reports of changes in ownership of Common Shares of the Company. Executive officers, directors and 10 stockholders are required
by SEC regulations to furnish the Company with copies of all forms they file pursuant to Section 16(a). 

To the Company s
knowledge, based on review of the copies of such reports furnished to the Company, and with respect to the officers and directors,
representations that no other reports were required, during the year ended December 31, 2022, all Section 16(a) filing requirements
applicable to its executive officers, directors and 10 stockholders were complied with. 

62 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

Role of Management 

The Company believes that it is important to
have our Chief Executive Officer s input in the design of compensation programs for his direct reports. The Chief Executive Officer
reviews his direct reports compensation programs annually with the Committee, evaluating the adequacy relative to the marketplace,
inflation, internal equity, external competitiveness, business and motivational challenges and opportunities facing the Company and its
executives. In particular, he considers base salary a critical component of compensation to remain competitive and retain his executives.
All final decisions regarding compensation for the Chief Executive Officer s direct reports listed in the Summary Compensation Table
are made by the Compensation Committee. The Chief Executive Officer does not make recommendations with regard to his own compensation. 

Role of the Compensation Consultant 

While we may consult industry sources on compensation
for executives, we have not engaged a consultant to analyze our compensation levels. 

Compensation Components 

For 2022, the principal components of compensation
for each named executive officer NEO(s) were: 

base salary. 

annual incentive. 

long-term incentive compensation
 (restricted stock awards); and 

perquisites and other benefits. 

Due to the financial condition of the Company,
cash compensation has been deferred in fiscal years 2021 and 2022 and into first fiscal quarter of 2023 - See Salary
Deferrals below. 

EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Name
 Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary
 
 Bonus
 
 Stock
 Awards 
 Non-Equity
 Incentives 
 All
 Others 
 TOTAL 
 
 Stewart
 Wallach, 
 2022 
 301,521 

301,521 
 
 Chief
 Executive 
 2021 
 301,521 

301,521 
 
 Officer
 (1,2,3,7,8,9,10,11,12) 
 2020 
 301,521 

301,521 

James
 G. McClinton, 
 2022 
 191,442 

191,442 
 
 Chief
 Financial 
 2021 
 191,442 

191,442 
 
 Officer
 COO (4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11) 
 2020 
 191,442 

191,442 

Footnotes: 

(1) On February 5, 2020, the Company entered
into a new Employment Agreement with Stewart Wallach, whereby Mr. Wallach will be paid 301,521 per annum. 

(2) On February 5, 2018, the Company entered
into an Employment Agreement with Stewart Wallach, whereby Mr. Wallach would be paid 301,521 per annum. 

(3) On February 5, 2016, the Company entered
into an Employment Agreement with Stewart Wallach, whereby Mr. Wallach would be paid 301,521 per annum. 

(4) On February 5, 2020, the Company entered
into a new Employment Agreement with James McClinton, , whereby Mr. McClinton would be paid 191,442 per annum. 

(5) On February 5, 2018, the Company entered
into an Employment Agreement with James McClinton, whereby Mr. McClinton would be paid 191,442 per annum. 

(6) On February 5, 2016, the Company entered
into an Employment Agreement with James McClinton, whereby Mr. McClinton would be paid 191,442 per annum. 

(7) The Company has no non-equity incentive
plans. 

(8) The Company has no established bonus
plan. Any bonus payments are made ad hoc upon recommendation of the Compensation Committee. Bonuses are only paid on a performance basis. 

(9) On September 1, 2020, fifty percent of both
Mr. Wallach and Mr. McClinton s salary for the period September 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020 was accrued and deferred for payment
until further notice. 

(10) On January 1, 2021, fifty percent of both
Mr. Wallach and Mr. McClinton s salary for the period January 1, 2021 through March 31, 2021 was deferred for payment until further
notice. 

(11) On January 1, 2022, fifty percent of both
Mr. Wallach and Mr. McClinton s salary was deferred for payment until further notice. 

(12) On October 1, 2022, one hundred percent
of Mr. Wallach s salary was deferred for payment until further notice. 

63 

Key Developments impacting
Executive Compensation 

The financial condition of
the Company as of 2022 and into the first fiscal quarter of 2023 has caused the Company to defer cash compensation of senior executives.
The Company did not replace the retired chief financial officer with a full-time chief financial officer. There were no grants
of incentive compensation to senior executives. The deferral of compensation for senior executive officers is anticipated to continue
in fiscal year 2023 if the financial condition of the Company does not significantly improve. See Salary Deferrals 
below. 

Compensation Objectives 

 The overall objectives of
the Company s compensation program for NEO s are as follows: 

Motivate
executives to achieve and maintain a high level of performance and foster company performance that attains sustained profitability

align
the interests of our executives with the interests of our shareholders; 

provide
for market-competitive levels of compensation to the extent that can be supported by our financial condition and performance;
and 

Retain
key executives and employees of outstanding ability. 

CEO Pay Ratio 

 As
required by Section 953(b) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, and Item 402(u) of Regulation
S-K, we are providing the following information regarding the ratio of the annual total compensation of the Company s median
employee to the annual total compensation of Stewart Wallach ,
the Company s Chief Executive Officer and President .
We consider the pay ratio specified below to be a reasonable estimate, calculated in a manner that is intended to be consistent
with the requirements of Item 402(u) of Regulation S-K. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022: 

The median of the annual total compensation of all employees of the Company, except the Chief Executive Officer and President , was 70,000 ; 

The annual total compensation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and President was 301,521 ; and 

The ratio of the median of the annual total compensation of all Company employees, other than the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer, to the annual total compensation of the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer was approximately 4 to 1. 

Pay versus Performance
Table 

Name 
 Year 
 Summary
 Compensation Table Total for Principle Executive Officer PEO") 
 Compensation
 Actually Paid to PEO 
 Average
 Compensation actually paid to Non-PEO named executive officers 
 Total
 Shareholder Return 
 Net
 Loss 
 
 Stewart Wallach,
 Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 301,521 
 301,521 
 191,442 
 44 
 (1,963,629 
 
 Stewart Wallach, Chief Executive
 Officer 
 2022 
 301,521 
 301,521 
 191,442 
 -1 
 (2,663,751 

64 

The
Company chose December 31, 202 2 ,
as the date for determining the employee population used to identify the median employee. The Company used base salaries to identify
the median employee because the Company does not widely distribute annual equity awards to employees and because this measure
approximately reflects the total annual compensation of employees. The Company calculated the median employee s and the
Chief Executive Officer s annual total compensation consistent with the disclosure requirements for the Summary Compensation
Table. For purposes of this calculation, the median employee s annual total compensation consisted of wages, premium pay
(including overtime and holiday
pay), paid time off, non-equity incentive plan compensation, change in pension value and retirement plan contributions. 

Compensation Peer Review 

To better review the compensation
practices of similar companies peer group companies ), the Company has from time to time in the past reviewed the
median compensation levels of companies of peer group companies as a reference point for determining the competitiveness of the
Company s compensation of its principal executive officers. No peer group companies review was conducted in 2022 due to
the financial condition of the Company and the deferral of cash compensation of the principal executive officers. 

Executive Compensation
Best Practices the Company Follows 

What
we will provide 
 What
we do not provide 
 
 Provide
limited executive perquisites 
 No
grants of Stock Appreciation Rights 
 
 Align
total executive compensation with shareholders interests 
 No
repricing of granted stock options 
 
 Bonuses
based on performance 
 No
agreements guaranteeing employment 

Compensation Philosophy 

The Company s guiding
philosophy in setting executive compensation is that the compensation of executive officers should reflect the scope of their
job responsibilities and the level of individual and corporate performance achieved. With the declining financial
condition of the Company in 2022 and into the first fiscal quarter of 2023, the compensation of senior executives has been deferred
to conserve cash for basic operating overhead. 

The Company endeavors to strike
an appropriate balance between long-term and current cash compensation. The current executives are key to the ability of the Company
to conduct its business because of their individual experience and relationships in our current business line. Their compensation
reflects their individual value to the ability of the Company to conduct its current business. 

65 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENTS 

Stewart Wallach, Chief Executive Officer
and President 

On February 5, 2020, the Company
entered into an Employment Agreement with Stewart Wallach, whereby Mr. Wallach would be paid 301,521 per annum. The term of this
new agreement began February 5, 2020, and ends February 5, 2023. The parties may extend the employment period of this agreement
by mutual consent with approval of the Company s Board of Directors, but the extension may not exceed two years in length. 

The February 5, 2020, Employment
Agreement with Mr. Wallach was filed by the Company as an exhibit to Report Form 10-K for fiscal year ended December 31, 2019
- (as filed by the Company with the Commission on March 30, 2020). 

Gerry McClinton, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

On February 5, 2020, the Company
entered an Employment Agreement with James McClinton, whereby Mr. McClinton would be paid 191,442 per annum. The term of this
new agreement began February 5, 2020, and ends February 5, 2022. The parties may extend the employment period of this agreement
by mutual consent with approval of the Company s Board of Directors, but the extension may not exceed one year in length. 

The February 5, 2020,
Employment Agreement with Mr. McClinton was filed by the Company as an exhibit to Report Form 10-K for fiscal year ended December
31, 2019 (as filed by the Company with the Commission on March 30, 2020). 

Effective as of November
30, 2022, Mr. McClinton resigned from his position and retired from the Company. 

Salary Deferrals 

Effective September 1, 2020 through December
31, 2020, payments equivalent to fifty percent of both Mr. Wallach and Mr. McClinton s salary or approximately 48,707 and 30,925,
respectively, will be deferred until further notice. 

Effective January 1, 2021 through March 31,
2021, further payments equivalent to fifty percent of both Mr. Wallach and Mr. McClinton s salary or approximately 40,589 and 25,771,
respectively, will be deferred until further notice. 

On January 1, 2022, fifty percent of both Mr.
Wallach and Mr. McClinton s salary was deferred for payment until further notice. 

On October 1, 2022, one hundred percent of Mr.
Wallach s salary was deferred for payment until further notice. 

Common Provisions in both new Employment
Agreements: 

The following provisions are
contained in each of the above employment agreements: If the officer s employment is terminated by death or disability or
without cause, the Company is obligated to pay to the officer s estate or the officer, an amount equal to accrued and unpaid
base salary as well as all accrued but unused vacation days through the date of termination. The Company will also pay sum payments
equal to (a) the sum of twelve (12) months base salary at the rate the Executive was earning as of the date of termination and
(b) the sum of merit based bonuses earned by the Executive during the prior calendar year of his termination. Any
payments owed by the Company shall be paid from a normal payroll account on a bi-weekly basis in accordance with the normal payroll
policies of the Company. The amount owed by the Company to the Executive, from the effective Termination date, will be paid
out bi-weekly over the course of the year but at no time will be no more than twenty (26) installments. The Company will also
continue to pay the Executive s health and dental insurance benefits for 6 months starting at the Executives date of termination.
If the Executive had family health coverage at the time of termination, the additional family premium obligation would remain
theirs and will be reduced against the Executive s severance package. The employment agreements have an anti-competition
provision for 18 months after the end of employment. 

The above summary of the employment agreements is
qualified by reference to the actual employment agreements, which were filed as exhibits to the Form 10-K by the Company for fiscal year
ended December 31, 2019 (as filed by the Company with the Commission on March 30, 2020). 

66 

These amended agreements supersede any existing employment
agreements and are the only employment agreements with Company officers: 

SUMMARY TABLE OF OPTION GRANTS TO OFFICERS OF COMPANY (1) 

As of December 31, 2022 

Name 
 No.
 of Shares Underlying 
 
 of Total Options Granted Employees in 2022 
 Expiration
 Date 
 Restricted
 Stock Grants 
 No.
 Shares underlying Options Granted in 2022 
 
 Stewart
 Wallach 

Gerry
 McClinton 

OTHER COMPENSATION (1) 

NAME/POSITION 
 YEAR 
 SEVERANCE
 PACKAGE 
 CAR
 ALLOWANCE 
 CO.
 PAID SERVICES 
 TRAVEL
 LODGING 
 TOTAL
 ) 
 
 Stewart
 Wallach 
 2022 

Chief
 Executive 
 2021 

Officer 

Gerry
 McClinton 
 2022 

Chief
 Operating 
 2021 

Officer
 Chief 

Financial
 Officer 

Footnotes: 

(1) 
 There were no equity awards, no 401(k) matching contributions by the Company and no medical supplemental payments by the Company in any of the years specified. 

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS FOR YEAR END 2022 TABLE 

OPTIONS (1) 

NAME 
 Securities
 Underlying Unexercised Options 
 Option
 Exercise Price 
 Option 
 Expiration Date 
 
 Stewart
 Wallach 

Gerry
 McClinton 

Footnotes: 

(1) 
 The Company does not have any stock awards for the years specified for the above named senior officers. 

67 

2022 OPTION EXERCISES AND VESTED OPTIONS 

Name 
 Number
 of Shares Acquired on Exercise 
 Value
 Realized on Exercise 
 
 Stewart
 Wallach 

Gerry
 McClinton 

POTENTIAL PAYMENTS UPON TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT 

SALARY SEVERANCE 
 
 BONUS SEVERANCE 
 
 GROSS UP TAXES 
 
 BENEFIT COMPENSATION 
 
 GRAND
TOTAL 
 
 Stewart Wallach 

301,521 

12,600 

6,600 

320,721 

Indemnification. 

The Company maintains directors and
officer s liability insurance or D O insurance coverage to reduce its exposure to such obligations,
and payments made under these agreements historically have not been material. Further, the Company s articles of incorporation
and bylaws provide for indemnification of directors and officers. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

VOTING RIGHTS AND SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT: 

The
sole class of voting Common Stock of the Company as of March 11, 2023 ,
that are issued and outstanding is the Common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share, or Common Stock . The table below
sets forth, as of March 11, 2023, Record Date ), certain information 0.0001 par value per share,
or Common Stock information with respect to the Common Stock beneficially owned by (i) each Director,
nominee and executive officer of the Company; (ii) each person who owns beneficially more than 5 of the Common Stock; and (iii)
all Directors, nominees and executive officers as a group. There were 48,826,864 shares of Common Stock outstanding as of March 22, 2023 . 

68 

NAME, ADDRESS TITLE 
 
 STOCK OWNERSHIP 
 
 OF STOCK OWNERSHIP 
 
 SHARES - COMMON STOCK ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION 
 
 STOCK OWNERSHIP AFTER CONVERSION -ALL OPTIONS, WARRANTS THOSE EXERCISEABLE WITHIN NEXT 60 DAYS 
 
 OF STOCK OWNED AFTER CONVERSION OPTIONS, WARRANTS INCLUDES EXERCISEABLE WITHIN THE 60 DAYS 
 
 OPTIONS WARRANTS VESTED 
 
 OPTIONS WARRANTS EXPIRED 
 
 OPTIONS, WARRANTS NOT VESTED 
 
 Stewart Wallach, CEO, 431 Fairway Drive, Suite 200, Deerfield Beach, FL 33441 

9,831,745 

20.1 

499,950 

9,831,745 

19.9 

1,515,556 

Gerry McClinton, CFO, Director, 431 Fairway Drive Suite 200, Deerfield Beach, FL 33441 

33,664 

0.1 

33,664 

0.1 

2,150,000 

Jeff Postal, Director, 431 Fairway Drive, Suite 200, Deerfield Beach, FL 33441 

9,034,120 

18.5 

499,950 

9,338,264 

18.9 

304,144 

600,000 

Jeff Guzy, Director, 3130 19th Street North, Arlington, VA 22201 

152,800 

0.3 

456,944 

0.9 

304,144 

600,000 

George Wolf Director, 431 Fairway Drive Suite 200, Deerfield Beach, FL 33441 

66,667 

ALL OFFICERS DIRECTORS AS A GROUP 

19,052,329 

39 

999,900 

19,660,617 

40 

608,288 

4,932,223 

Notes to Table. 

(1) 
 Unless
 otherwise indicated, the persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock
 shown as beneficially owned by them. 

(2) 
 Mr. Wallach s ownership
 of common stock in the table does not include 499,950 shares issuable upon conversion of Series B-1 Convertible Preferred Stock and
 does not include 500,000 shares of common stock that may be issued, upon occurrence of a trigger event under a January 4, 2021 Loan
 agreement but that has not occurred. 

(3) 
 Mr. Postal s ownership
 of common stock in the table does not include 499,950 shares issuable upon conversion of Series B-1 Convertible Preferred Stock and
 does not include 500,000 shares of common stock that may be issued, upon occurrence of a trigger event under a January 4, 2021 Loan
 agreement but that has not occurred. 

69 

I tem 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence. 

The Company is a controlled
company under typical stock exchange corporate governance rules, that is a company where 50 or more of the voting power
is owned by a person or a group and does not currently have to meet requirements for a board of directors with a majority of independent
directors. Currently, only Jeffrey Guzy qualifies as an independent director under the listing standards
of most stock exchanges or quotation systems. No other director qualifies as an independent director under those
rules because they are officers of the Company or have business relationships with the Company. The CAPC Board adopted a written
policy for approval of transactions between the Company and its directors, director nominees, executive officers, greater than
5 beneficial owners and their respective immediate family members. The policy governs transactions in which the value
exceeds or is expected to exceed 120,000 in a single calendar year. 

A related-person transaction will
be a transaction, arrangement or relationship (or any series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships) in which we and any
 related person are participants involving an amount that exceeds 120,000. Transactions involving compensation for services
provided to us as an employee, director, consultant or similar capacity by a related person will not be covered by this policy. A related
person will be any executive officer, director or a holder of more than five percent of our common stock, including any of their immediate
family members and any entity owned or controlled by such persons. 

The policy provides that the Audit Committee
reviews transactions subject to the policy and determines whether to approve or ratify those transactions. The Audit Committee considers,
among other factors it deems appropriate, the following factors: 

Benefits derived by the
 related person from the transaction versus the benefits derived by the Company. 

Total value of the transaction. 

Whether the transaction
 was undertaken in the ordinary course of business of the Company; and 

Were the terms and conditions
 of the transaction usual and customary and commercially reasonable. 

The Audit Committee does not have any policies
on expedited or pre-approval of certain routine related person transactions. 

From time to time, the Company borrows working
capital on a short-term basis, usually with maturity dates of less than a year, from Company directors and officers. The Company believes
that these working capital loans are commercially reasonable, especially in light of the inability of the Company to obtain such short-term
financing from traditional funding sources. 

On May 31, 2019, the Board of Directors approved
that the Company s outstanding loan balance as of December 31, 2018 of 904,109, owed to Capstone Industries, Inc., a Florida corporation
and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, would be offset as a dividend distribution from Capstone Industries, Inc to the Company
as of December 31, 2018. 

On May 31, 2019, the disinterested directors of the
Board of Directors approved the use of up to 900,000 dividend distribution, to be completed by December 31, 2019, from Capstone Industries,
Inc., a Florida corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, to the Company to provide working capital. As of December 31,
2019, the authorized distribution had been fully completed. 

On February 4, 2020, the Board of Directors
approved that the Company s outstanding loan balance as of December 31, 2019 of 380,967, owed to Capstone Industries, Inc., a Florida
corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, would be offset as a dividend distribution from Capstone Industries, Inc to
the Company as of December 31, 2019. 

70 

On February 4, 2020, the disinterested directors of
the Board of Directors of the Company approved the use of up to an aggregate of 1,000,000 profit distribution, to be completed by December
31, 2020, from Capstone Industries, Inc., a Florida corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, to the Company to provide
working capital. As of December 31, 2020, 350,000 of the authorized distribution had been completed. 

On January 4, 2021, the Company entered a 750,000
working capital loan agreement with Directors, Stewart Wallach and Jeffrey Postal. The short-term facility ended June 30, 2021 Initial
Period ). The Company had the option to extend the Initial Period for an additional six consecutive months, ending December 31,
2021, but decided not to renew. 

On July 2, 2021, the Board of
Directors Board resolved that the Company required a purchase order funding facility to procure additional inventory
to support the online Smart Mirror product. The Board resolved that certain Directors could negotiate the terms of a Purchase
Order Funding Agreement for up to 1,020,000 with Directors S. Wallach and J. Postal and E. Fleisig, a natural person. On October
18, 2021, the Company received the 1,020,000 funding under this agreement. The term of the agreement is 30 months with
the principal accruing a simple interest rate of 5 percent per annum. These loans may be prepaid in full or partially without
any penalty. 

On May 1, 2022, the Company negotiated three
 200,000 working capital funding agreements, to provide 600,000 in funding for daily operations. The Board resolved that certain Directors
could negotiate the terms of a Working Capital Funding Agreement for up to a total of 600,000, with Directors S. Wallach (through Group
Nexus, a company controlled by Mr. Wallach), J. Postal and Mouhaned Khoury, a natural person. On May 1 st the three individual
agreements became effective. The term of each agreement is 18 months with principal accruing a simple interest rate of 5 percent per annum.
These loans may be prepaid in full or partially without any penalty. 

On October 13, 2022, the
Company negotiated a 50,000 Working Capital Funding agreement with Jeffrey Postal, a director, to provide funding for daily operations
(the Working Capital Funding Agreement ). The term of this agreement is 18 months and principal accrues simple interest
at a rate of 5 percent per annum. The loan may be prepaid in full or partially without any penalty. 

On December 1, 2022, the
Company negotiated a 50,000 Working Capital Funding agreement with Jeffrey Postal, a director, to provide funding for daily operations
(the Working Capital Funding Agreement ). The term of this agreement is 18 months and principal accrues simple interest
at a rate of 5 percent per annum. The loan may be prepaid in full or partially without any penalty. 

Process for Identifying Related Person Transactions. 

To identify related-person transactions in advance, we are expected
to rely on information supplied by our executive officers, directors and certain significant stockholders. In considering related-person
transactions, our board of directors will take into account the relevant available facts and circumstances including, but not limited
to: 

the risks, costs and benefits
 to us. 

the impact on a director s
 independence in the event the related person is a director, immediate family member of a director or an entity with which a director
 is affiliated. 

the terms of the transaction. 

the availability of other
 sources for comparable services or products; and 

the terms available to
 or from, as the case may be, unrelated third parties or to or from our employees generally. 

Promoters and Certain Control Persons 

We did not have any promoters at any time during the past five fiscal
years. 

71 

Director Independence 

Our Board of Directors has determined that our director, Mr. Jeffery
Guzy, is an independent director, as the term independent is defined by the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market. The Company
was not successful in recruiting additional, qualified and interested independent directors in fiscal year 2022. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees Services 

The following is a summary of the fees billed
to date by D. Brooks Associates CPA s, P.A., for professional services rendered for the years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit
 Fees 
 85,000 
 64,700 
 
 Tax
 Fees 

Total 
 85,000 
 64,700 

The following is a summary of the fees billed
to us by Kaufman, Rossin Co., for professional services rendered for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit
 Fees 
 12,600 
 19,000 
 
 Tax
 Fees 
 10,500 
 20,500 
 
 Total 
 23,100 
 39,500 

Audit Fees. Consists of fees billed for professional
services rendered for the audits of our consolidated financial statements, reviews of our interim consolidated financial statements included
in quarterly reports, services performed in connection with filings with the Commission and related comfort letters and other services
that are normally provided by the Independent Registered firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

Tax Fees. Consists of fees billed for professional services
for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. These services include assistance regarding federal, state and local tax compliance and
consultation in connection with various transactions and acquisitions. 

AUDIT COMMITTEE PRE-APPROVAL OF AUDIT AND
PERMISSIBLE NON-AUDIT SERVICES OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS 

The Audit Committee is to pre-approve all audit
and non-audit services provided by the independent auditors. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services
and other services as allowed by law or regulation. Pre-approval is generally provided for up to one year and any pre-approval is detailed
as to the particular service or category of services and is generally subject to a specifically approved amount. The independent auditors
and management are required to periodically report to the Audit Committee regarding the extent of services provided by the independent
auditors in accordance with this pre-approval and the fees incurred to date. The Audit Committee may also pre-approve particular services
on a case-by-case basis. 

The Audit Committee pre-approved 100 of the Company s
2022 audit fees, audit-related fees, tax fees, and all other fees to the extent the services occurred after the effective date of the
SEC s final pre-approval rules. 

Part IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, and Financial Statement Schedules Reports 

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this Report. 

72 

1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of
 Independent Registered Public Accountants for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (PCAOB Firm ID: 
 F-1 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the
Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

73 

2. FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

All schedules are omitted because they are not
applicable, or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

3. EXHIBITS 

Exhibits Required by Item 601 of Regulation
S-K. Pursuant to the Instructions to Exhibits, certain instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt securities of the
Company and its consolidated subsidiaries are not filed because the total amount of securities authorized under any such instrument does
not exceed 10 percent of the total assets of the Company and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. A copy of such instrument will
be furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 

3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation of CHDT Corp. Incorporated by reference to Annex G to the Special Meeting Proxy Statement, Dated April 15, 2004, filed by CHDT Corporation with the Commission on April 20, 2004. 

3.1.1 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Capstone Companies, Inc. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed by Capstone Companies, Inc. with the Commission on July 14, 2009. 

3.1.1.1 
 Amendment to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Capstone Companies, Inc., as filed with Florida Secretary of State on June 8, 2016. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Form 8-K filed by Capstone Companies, Inc. with the Commission on June 8, 2016. 

3.2 
 By-laws of Capstone Companies, Inc. Incorporated by reference to Annex H the Special Meeting Proxy Statement, Dated April 15, 2004, filed by CHDT Corporation with the Commission on April 20, 2004. 

4.6 
 Description of Capstone Companies, Inc. Securities as of December 31, 2021 

10.01 
 Employment Agreement by Capstone Companies, Inc. and Stewart Wallach, dated February 5, 2020 filed by Capstone Companies, Inc with the Commission on March 30, 2020. 

10.02 
 Employment Agreement by Capstone Companies, Inc. and James McClinton, dated February 5, 2020 filed by Capstone Companies, Inc with the Commission on March 30, 2020. 

10.08 
 Financial Services Agreement dated March 1, 2017, by Capstone Companies, Inc. and Wilmington Capital Securities, LLC. Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to Form 10-K filed by Capstone Companies, Inc with the Commission on March 28, 2018. 

14 
 Code of Ethics Policy. Exhibit 14 of the Capstone Companies, Inc. Form 8-K, as filed with the Commission on March 22, 2018. 

21.1 
 Subsidiaries of Capstone Companies, Inc. 

31.1 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by Stewart Wallach, Chief Executive Officer 

31.2 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by Gerry McClinton, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer 

32.1 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, by Stewart Wallach, Chief Executive Officer. 

32.2 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by Gerry McClinton, Chief Financial Officer Chief Operating Officer 

101.INS 
 XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Presentation Linkbase Document 

Note: CHDT Corp. is a prior name of Capstone Companies, Inc. 

Filed Herein. 

74 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. Not Applicable. 

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, Capstone Companies, Inc. has caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized,
in Broward County, Florida on this 31st day of March 2023. 

CAPSTONE COMPANIES, INC. 

Dated: March 31, 2023 

By : /s/ Stewart Wallach 

Stewart Wallach 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

In accordance with the Exchange Act, this report has
been signed below by the following persons on behalf of Capstone Companies, Inc. and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/ Stewart Wallach 

Stewart Wallach 

Principal Executive Officer 

Director and Chief Executive Officer 

March 31, 2023 

/s/ Jeffrey Guzy 

Jeffrey Guzy 

Director 

March 31, 2023 

/s/ Jeffrey Postal 

Jeffrey Postal 

Director 

March 31, 2023 

/s/ George Wolf 

George Wolf 

Director 

March 31, 2023 

75 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors of 
Capstone Companies, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

 We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Capstone Companies, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statement of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial
statements). 

 In
our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

 Substantial
Doubt Regarding Going Concern 

 The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has incurred operating losses, has incurred negative cash flows from
operations and has an accumulated deficit. These and other factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. Management s plan regarding these matters is also described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.
The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

 Basis
for Opinion 

 These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

 We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

 Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F- 1 

Critical
Audit Matter 

 The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that
were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material
to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. 

 Description
of the Matter 

 As
described in footnote 1 Inventory , to the consolidated financial statements, inventory is valued at the lower of landed
cost or net realizable value. Management estimates an inventory reserve as necessary for excess or slow-moving inventory. Changes in
the inventory reserve are recorded in cost of goods sold. 

 As
of December 31, 2022, the Company s consolidated net inventory balance was 412,261, inclusive of the inventory reserve of 533,254.
The amount of the inventory reserve is equal to the difference between the cost of the inventory and its estimated net realizable value
based on assumptions about future demand, selling prices, and market conditions. 

The
principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the inventory reserve is a critical audit matter
are the significant judgment by management in determining the estimated net realizable value of inventories that are in excess or slow-moving,
which in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence
relating to the estimate. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures
and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures
included, among others: (i) evaluated the appropriateness of management s process for
developing the estimates of net realizable value; (ii) tested the reliability of reports used
by management by agreeing to underlying records; (iii) tested the reasonableness of the assumptions
about future demand, selling prices and market conditions by considering historical trends and consistency with evidence obtained in
other areas of the audit. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 

March 31,
2023 

F- 2 

CAPSTONE COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December
 31, 
 December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets: 

Current
 Assets: 

Cash 

Accounts
 receivable 

Inventories,
 net of allowances of 533,254 and
 0, respectively 

Prepaid
 expenses 

Income
 tax refundable 

Total
 Current Assets 

Property
 and equipment, net 

Operating
 lease- right of use asset, net 

Deposit 

Goodwill 

Total
 Assets 

Liabilities
 and Stockholders Equity: 

Current
 Liabilities: 

Accounts
 payable and accrued liabilities 

Notes
 payable related parties and accrued interest-current 

Notes
 payable unrelated party and accrued interest-current 

Operating
 lease- current portion 

Total
 Current Liabilities 

Long-Term
 Liabilities: 

Operating
 lease- long-term portion 

Notes
 payable related parties and accrued interest-less current portion 

Notes
 payable unrelated parties and accrued interest-less current portion 

Deferred
 tax liabilities -long-term 

Total
 Long-Term Liabilities 

Total
 Liabilities 

Commitments
 and Contingencies: Note 5 

Stockholders'
 Equity: 

Preferred
 Stock, Series A, par value per share, authorized shares, issued and outstanding - - shares 

Preferred
 Stock, Series B-1, par value per share, authorized shares, issued and outstanding- shares at December 31,
 2022, and December 31, 2021 (Liquidation Preference 15,000) 

Preferred
 Stock, Series C, par value per share, authorized shares, issued and outstanding - - shares 

Common
 Stock, par value per share, authorized shares, issued and outstanding shares at December 31, 2022 and
 shares at December 31, 2021. 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 Stockholders' Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

CAPSTONE
 COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLI DATED
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For
 the Years Ended 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Revenues,
 net 

Increase
 in inventory reserve and write offs 

Cost
 of sales 

Gross
 Profit 

Operating
 Expenses: 

Sales
 and marketing 

Compensation 

Professional
 fees 

Product
 development 

Other
 general and administrative 

Total
 Operating Expenses 

Operating
 Loss 

Other
 Income (Expense): 

Other
 income, net 

Interest
 expense, net 

Total
 Other Income (Expense), net 

Loss
 Before Income Taxes 

Income
 Tax Expense 

Net
 Loss 

Net
 Loss per Common Share 

Basic
 and Diluted 

Weighted
 Average Shares Outstanding 

Basic
and Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

CAPSTONE COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLI DATED
 STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 
 YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Preferred
Stock 
 
 Preferred
Stock 
 
 Preferred
Stock 

Additional 

Series
A 
 
 Series
B 
 
 Series
C 
 
 Common
Stock 
 
 Paid-In 
 
 Accumulated 
 
 Total 

Shares 
 
 Par
Value 
 
 Shares 
 
 Par
Value 
 
 Shares 
 
 Par
Value 
 
 Shares 
 
 Par
Value 
 
 Capital 
 
 Deficit 
 
 Equity 

Balance
at December 31, 2020 

() 

Stock
options for compensation 

Stock
issued to Directors for loan 

Stock
option exercised 

Common
stock for cash, net of fees 

Net
Loss 

() 

() 
 
 Balance
at December 31, 2021 

() 

Stock
options for compensation 

Repurchase
of shares 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net
Loss 

() 

() 
 
 Balance
at December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

CAPSTONE COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Twelve Months Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net Loss 

() 

() 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Stock based compensation expense 

Noncash lease expense 

Impairment of equipment 

Increase in slow moving inventory allowance 

Write off of prepaid inventory deposit 

Amortization of stock
issued to Director's for loan 

Accrued interest added to note payable related parties 

Increase in deferred income tax liabilities- long term 

(Increase) decrease in accounts receivable, net 

() 

Increase in inventories 

() 

() 
 
 (Increase) decrease in prepaid expenses 

() 
 
 (Increase) decrease in deposits 

() 

Decrease in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

() 

() 
 
 Decrease in tax refundable 

Decrease in operating lease liabilities 

() 

() 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchases of property and equipment 

() 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from sale of common stock and stock option exercise, net of costs 

Proceeds from notes payable related parties 

Proceeds from notes payable unrelated party 

Repurchase of shares 

() 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash 

() 

Cash at Beginning of Year 

Cash at End of Year 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Interest cash paid 

Income taxes paid 

SUPPLEMENTAL
DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Stocks issued to Directors for loan fee 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

CAPSTONE COMPANIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The Company s operations in 2022 consist of one reportable segment
for financial reporting purposes: consumer home goods. 

million and generated net operating losses of approximately 
 million. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a working capital deficit of approximately 
 thousand and an accumulated deficit of 
million. The Company s cash balance decreased by approximately 1.2 million from million
as of December 31, 2021 to 
thousand as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the Company does not have sufficient cash on hand to finance its plan of
operations and will need to seek additional capital through debt and/or equity financing. These factors raise substantial doubt
about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

We are seeking
alternative sources of liquidity, including but not limited to accessing the capital markets, or other alternative financing measures.
However, instability in, or tightening of the capital markets, could adversely affect our ability to access the capital markets on terms
acceptable to us. An economic recession or a slow recovery could adversely affect our business and liquidity. 

The Company may be able to raise the required additional
capital through debt or equity financing. However, the Company can make no assurances that it will be able to raise the required capital,
on acceptable terms or at all. Unless the Company succeeds in raising additional capital or successfully increases cash generated from
operations, management believes there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern and meet its
obligations over the next twelve months from the filing date of this report. However, there are compensating factors and actions that
are being and have been taken to address these uncertainties, including the following: 

The Company received Purchase
 Order Funding Agreement note payable proceeds of 680,000 from related parties and 340,000 from unrelated parties during 2021. 

The Company received working
 capital note payable proceeds of 500,000 from related parties and 200, 000
 from unrelated parties during 2022. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, and
 through the date of this filing, the Company has received an additional 183,500 
 in working capital note payable proceeds from related parties,
 See subsequent events, Note 7 . 

The Company has modified
 its marketing strategy for the Connected Surfaces product lines and will not pursue e-commerce selling directly to consumers as its
 primary strategy. In 2023, the Company will return to retail marketing targeting home good retailers and the Big Box warehouses,
 which was their core strength with the product lighting consumer goods. 

The Company has a mitigation
 plan in place that reduced discretionary expenses, executive managements 
 compensation, resulted in the closure of our Hong Kong
 operation and also reduced future travel, lodging and show expenses. 

In order to conserve operating
 cashflow, the Company s executive management has agreed to defer compensation until working capital is improved. See Note 4
 and Note 7. 

- years 

Machinery and equipment 
 - years 

Furniture and fixtures 
 - years 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Less: Impairment
 of equipment 

Property and Equipment, Net 

Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amount may not be recoverable. When required, impairment losses
on assets to be held and used are recognized based on the fair value of the asset. Long-lived assets to be disposed of, if any, are reported
at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell. Upon sale or other disposition of property and equipment, the cost and
related accumulated depreciation or amortization are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is included in the determination of
income or loss. 

In 2022, the Company began a re-engineering of the
Smart Mirror for its next rollout for version two and decided the current tooling and product molds will not manufacture the mold for
version two. The Company determined its Smart Mirror tooling machine was impaired as of December 31, 2022 and recorded an impairment
loss of 51,285, included in product development expenses on the consolidated statements o f
operations .
The Company wrote off fully depreciated fixed assets with a net book value of 74,323 during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Depreciation and amortization expense was 
and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

, respectively, as the fair value exceeded carrying value. 

The Company estimates the fair value of its single
reporting unit relative to the Company s market capitalization. 

options and warrants for 2022 and options and warrants for 2021. 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company recognizes lighting product revenue when
the Company s performance obligations as per the terms in the customers purchase order have been fully satisfied, specifically,
when the specified product and quantity ordered has been manufactured and shipped pursuant to the customers requested ship window, when
the sales price as detailed in the purchase order is fixed, when the product title and risk of loss for that order has passed to the customer,
and collection of the invoice is reasonably assured. This means that the product ordered and to be shipped has gone through quality assurance
inspection, customs and commercial documentation preparation, the goods have been delivered, title transferred to the customer and confirmed
by a signed cargo receipt or bill of lading. Only at the time of shipment when all performance obligations have been satisfied will the
judgement be made to invoice the customer and complete the sales contract. 

Marketing allowances include the cost of underwriting
an in-store instant rebate coupon or a target markdown allowance on a specific product. The Company retains these allowances for a period
of 3 to 5 years in the event the customer chargebacks for a promotional allowance against an open invoice or submits an invoice for their
claim. Cash discounts represent discounts offered to the retailer off outstanding accounts receivable in order to initiate early payment.
These allowances are evaluated when our relationship with a customer is terminated, or we cease selling a specific product to a customer
and may be released as other income if deemed not required. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company reversed into other income
approximately 39,300 of previously accrued marketing and promotional allowances for previous product sales that are deemed highly unlikely
for the customer to chargeback the Company due to the age of the allowance and the sales of the specific item ceasing . 

With the Company launching the Connected
Surfaces Smart Mirror program, the direct-to-consumer orders are sold initially through e-commerce platforms. The Company
also sells the Connected Surfaces Smart Mirror program through independent retailers. The Company will only bill the customer
and recognize revenue upon the customer obtaining control of the Smart Mirror order which generally occurs upon delivery. 

The Company expenses license royalty fees and sales
commissions when incurred and these expenses are recognized during the period the related sale is recorded. These costs are recorded within
sales and marketing expenses. 

The following table presents net revenue by geographic
location which is recognized at a point in time: 

Smart
 Mirror Products- U.S. 

Lighting
 Products-International 

Total
 Revenue 

We provide our Smart Mirror customers
with limited rights of return for non-conforming product warranty claims. We provide our Lighting Product customers with limited
rights of return for non-conforming product warranty claims. As a policy, the Company does not accept product returns from customers,
however occasionally as part of a customers in store test for new product, we may receive back residual inventory. 

Smart Mirror customer orders are shipped
within one to two days of receipt. Revenue is recorded upon processing of the sale with a third-party merchant processor such as
Stripe or Amazon Pay. Lighting Product customer orders received are not long-term orders and are typically shipped within six months
of the order receipt, but certainly within a one-year period. 

Our Smart Mirror customers are charged when executing
the e-commerce purchase. We do not have extended payment terms for our Smart Mirror customers. Our Lighting Product payment terms may
vary by the type of customer, the customer s credit standing, the location where the product will be picked up from and for international
customers and which country their corporate office is located. The time between invoicing date and when payment is due may vary between
30 days and 90 days depending on the customer type. To ensure there are no payment issues, overseas customers or new customers may be
required to provide a deposit or full payment before the order is delivered to the customer. 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company selectively supports retailer s
initiatives to maximize sales of the Company s products on the retail floor or to assist in developing consumer awareness of new
product launches, by providing marketing fund allowances to the customer. The Company recognizes these incentives at the time they are
offered to the customers and records a credit to their account with an offsetting charge as either a reduction to revenue, increase to
cost of sales, or marketing expenses depending on the type of sales incentives. Sales reductions for anticipated discounts, allowances
and other deductions are recognized during the period the related revenue is recorded. The reduction of accrued allowances is included
in net revenues and amounted to and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Amount
 accrued 

Payments
 and credits 

Reversal
 of prior years accrual unclaimed 

Balance
 at year-end 

and ,
respectively, and were primarily related to the development of the Company s Smart Mirror products. Also included in product development
expenses during the year ended December 31, 2022 was an impairment loss of 51,285 due to
an impairment of the Smart Mirror tooling machine. 

and 
 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Accrued
 warranty reserve 

Accrued
 compensation and deferred wages, marketing allowances, customer deposits and other liabilities 

Total 

and , respectively. 

Historically, past changes to these estimates have
not had a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. However, circumstances could change, and actual results
could differ materially from those estimates. 

t
have cash balances in excess of FDIC insurance
limits. 

Accounts Receivable 

The Company grants credit to its customers, substantially
all of whom are retail establishments located throughout the United States and their international locations. The Company typically does
not require collateral from customers. Credit risk is limited due to the financial strength of the customers comprising the Company s
customer base and their dispersion across different geographical regions. The Company monitors exposure of credit losses and maintains
allowances for anticipated losses considered necessary under the circumstances. As the Company s ecommerce revenue starts to increase
the makeup of the accounts receivable change significantly. Stripe is the company that processes online payments for our website, we should
receive payment from them within 3 days of the product shipment. If the product is shipped through Amazon it could take between 20 and
30 days for collection. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately
 and respectively, of the Company s consolidated net revenue resulted from international sales. 

Major Customers 

Customer
 B 

Total 

Major Vendors 

The Company had two vendors from which it purchased
 , and , respectively, of merchandise sold during the year ended December 31, 2022, and , and , respectively of merchandise
sold during the year ended December 31, 2021. The loss of this supplier could adversely impact the business of the Company. 

As of December 31, 2022, and 2021 , approximately
 and , respectively, of accounts payable were due to one vendor. 

Purchases
 
 Accounts
 Payable 

Year
 Ended December 31, 
 Year
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Vendor
 A 

Vendor
 B 

Total 

In consideration for the Lenders providing the loan
under this Agreement for the Initial Period and agreeing to a below market rate of interest, and as payment of a finance fee for the loan
on an unsecured basis, the Company issued to the Lenders the following securities 7,500 shares of the Company s Series B-1 Convertible
Preferred Stock Preferred Shares issued to each Lender. The Preferred Shares shall have the appropriate restrictive legends.
Each Preferred Share converts into 66.66 shares of Common Stock at option of Lender. The Preferred Shares and any shares of Common Stock
issued under the loan agreement are restricted securities under Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The
Preferred Shares have no further rights, preferences, or privileges. The fair value of the Preferred Shares was determined to be 48,996
based on the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued upon conversion and the market price of the Common Stock on the date the working
capital loan agreement was executed. The Company amortized the 48,996 Finance Fee into interest expense over the six months of the agreement.
The Finance Fee was recognized as expense and included in interest expense on the consolidated statements of operations during the
year ended December 31, 2021. See Note 5. 

Purchase Funding Agreement with Directors and
Unrelated Party 

On July 2, 2021, the Board
of Directors Board resolved that the Company required a purchase order funding facility to procure additional inventory
to support the online Smart Mirror business. The Board resolved that certain Directors could negotiate the terms of a Purchase Order Funding
Agreement for up to 1,020,000 with Directors S. Wallach and J. Postal and E. Fleisig, a natural person who is not affiliated with the
Company. This agreement was finalized on October 18, 2021, and the Company has received the funding of 1,020,000 on October 18, 2021,
which is due 18 months from receipt of the funds. Under this agreement the interest terms are 5 based on a 365- day year. 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the note payable of 1,030,340 includes accrued interest of 61,340 and 10,340, respectively. 

On February 13, 2023 the note
payable was amended, extending the maturity date from April 13, 2023 to April 13, 2024. See Note 7. Therefore, the outstanding note balance
and accrued interest have been included in long-term liabilities as of December 31, 2022. 

Working Capital Loan with Directors and Unrelated
Party 

On May 1, 2022, the Company negotiated
three 200,000 working capital funding agreements, to provide 600,000 in funding for daily operations. The Board resolved that
certain Directors could negotiate the terms of a Working Capital Funding Agreement for up to a total of 600,000, with Directors
S. Wallach (through Group Nexus, a company controlled by Mr. Wallach), J. Postal and Mouhaned Khoury, a natural person. On May
1 st the three individual agreements became effective. The term of each agreement is 18 months with principal accruing
a simple interest rate of 5 percent per annum, maturing November 1, 2023. These loans may be prepaid in full or partially without
any penalty. At December 31, 2022 the working capital funding agreement note payable principle balance was 600,000 with accrued
interest of 20,137. 

On October 13, 2022, the
Company negotiated a 50,000 Working Capital Funding agreement with Jeffrey Postal, a director, to provide funding for daily operations
(the Working Capital Funding Agreement ). The term of this agreement is 18 months and principal accrues simple interest
at a rate of 5 percent per annum, maturing April 13, 2024. The loan may be prepaid in full or partially without any penalty. At
December 31, 2022 the working capital funding agreement note payable principle balance was 50,000 with accrued interest of 541. 

On December 1, 2022, the
Company negotiated a 50,000 Working Capital Funding agreement with Jeffrey Postal, a director, to provide funding for daily operations
(the Working Capital Funding Agreement ). The term of this agreement is 18 months and principal accrues simple interest
at a rate of 5 percent per annum, maturing June 1, 2024. The loan may be prepaid in full or partially without any penalty. At
December 31, 2022 the working capital funding agreement note payable principle balance was 50,000 with accrued interest of 212. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
had a total of and , of outstanding principal respectively, on the above referenced funding agreements, which includes
accrued interest of and , respectively. The outstanding principal balances and accrued interest has been presented on the
consolidated balance sheet as follows: 

Current portion of notes payable and accrued interest, unrelated parties 

Long-term portion of notes payable and accrued interest, related parties 

Long-term portion of notes payable and accrued interest, unrelated parties 

Less accrued interest 

() 

() 
 
 Total notes payable 

Management believes that without additional
capital or increased cash generated from operations, there is substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern and meet its obligations over the next twelve months from the filing date of this report. 

and ,
including short-term lease expense discussed below, respectively, and the common area maintenance charges. 

Liabilities 

Current
portion of operating lease 

Noncurrent 

Operating
lease liability, net of current portion 

Lease
term and Discount Rate 

Weighted
average remaining lease term (months) 

Weighted
average Discount Rate 

Scheduled maturities of operating lease liabilities
outstanding as of December 31, 2022 are as follows: 

Total
 Minimum Future Payments 

Less:
 Imputed Interest 

Present
 Value of Lease Liabilities 

The
Company has a short-term storage rental with durations of less than twelve months with
rent expense of 
 and 
 recorded in other general and administrative
expenses as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Employment
Agreements 

On February 5, 2020, the Company entered
into a new Employment Agreement with Stewart Wallach, whereby Mr. Wallach will be paid 301,521 per annum. The initial term of
this new agreement began February 5, 2020 and ends February 5, 2023. The parties may extend the employment period of this agreement
by mutual consent with approval of the Company s Board of Directors, but the extension may not exceed two years in length.
On February 5, 2023, the employment agreement was extended, See Note 7. 

On February 5, 2020, the Company entered into an Employment
Agreement with James McClinton, whereby Mr. McClinton will be paid 191,442 per annum. The term of agreement began February 5, 2020 and
ended February 5, 2022. On February 6, 2022, the Company entered into an Employment Agreement with James McClinton (Chief Financial Officer
and Director), whereby Mr. McClinton was paid 736 per day. On November 30, 2022, Mr. McClinton retired from the Company. 

Beginning in 2020 and through 2022, executive salaries
and consulting fees have been deferred from time to time to conserve cash flow. Deferrals amounted to approximately 252,000 and 140,000,
respectively, and are included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Employment Agreements 

There is a provision in Mr. Wallach s employment
agreement, if the officer s employment is terminated by death or disability or without cause, the Company is obligated to pay to
the officer s estate or the officer, an amount equal to accrued and unpaid base salary as well as all accrued but unused vacation
days through the date of termination. The Company will also pay sum payments equal to: 

(a) 
 the sum of twelve (12) months base salary at the rate the Executive was earning as of the date of termination and (b) the sum of merit based bonuses earned by the Executive during the prior calendar year of his termination. Any payments owed by the Company shall be paid from a normal payroll account on a bi-weekly basis in accordance with the normal payroll policies of the Company. The amount owed by the Company to the Executive, from the effective Termination date, will be payout bi-weekly over the course of the year but at no time will be no more than twenty (26) installments. The Company will also continue to pay the Executive s health and dental insurance benefits for 6 months starting at the Executives date of termination. If the Executive had family health coverage at the time of termination, the additional family premium obligation would remain theirs and will be reduced against the Executive s severance package. The employment agreements have an anti-competition provision for 18 months after the end of employment. 

The following table summarizes potential payments
upon termination of employment: 

Directors Compensation 

On July 5, 2022, The Board of
Directors voted to suspend compensation to the independent directors for the remainder of the fiscal year 2022. 

Legal Matters 

The Company is not a party to any other pending
or threatened legal proceedings and, to the best our knowledge, no such action by or against us has been threatened. From time to time,
we are subject to legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of our business. Although occasional adverse decisions
or settlements may occur in such routine lawsuits, we believe that the final disposition of such routine lawsuits will not have material
adverse effect on its financial position, results of operations or status as a going concern. 

Warrants 

On April 28, 2021, Company issued common stock
warrants to purchase 199,733 shares of common stock at an exercise price of 0.66 and exercisable for five years from the issuance date.
The warrants were issued to Wilmington Capital Securities, LLC, a FINRA and SEC registered broker under a financial services and placement
agreement with a broker-dealer in connection with the Company s placement of 1.4 million of restricted shares of common stock to
five investors on April 5, 2021. The issuance of these warrants were made an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) and
Rule 506(b) of Regulation D under the Securities Act. The estimated fair value of these warrants since issued as issuance costs, had no
impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2021. 

As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company
had warrants outstanding. 

Series B-1 Preferred Stock 

On June 7, 2016, the Company authorized 3,333,333
of the B-1 preferred stock( B-1 ). The B-1 preferred stock are convertible into common shares, at a rate of 66.66 of common
stock for each share of B-1 convertible preferred stock. The par value of the B-1 preferred shares is 0.0001. The B-1 shares shall not
be entitled to any dividends and have no voting rights. In the event of a liquidation, the B-1 holders are entitled to distribution prior
to common stockholders but not before any other preferred stockholders. 

On
January 4, 2021, the Company entered a 750,000 working capital loan agreement with Directors, Stewart Wallach and Jeffrey Postal Lenders ).
In consideration for the Lenders allowing for loan advances under the loan agreement, a below market rate of interest and the loan made
on an unsecured basis, as payment of a finance fee for the loan, the Company issued a total of 7,500 shares of Company s Series
B-1 Convertible Preferred Stock, 0.0001 par value per share, Preferred Shares to each of 
 the Lenders. Each preferred share converts into 66.66 shares
of common stock at option of Lender. The Preferred Shares and any shares of common stock issued under the loan agreement are restricted 
securities under Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. See Note 3. 

The B-1 shares have a liquidation
preference of 1.0 per share or 15,000 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Options 

In 2005, the Company authorized the 2005 Equity
Plan that made available shares of common stock for issuance through awards of options, restricted stock, stock bonuses, stock appreciation
rights and restricted stock units. 

On May 2, 2017, the Company s Board of
Directors amended the Company s 2005 Equity Incentive Plan to extend the Plan s expiration date from December 31, 2016 to
December 31, 2021. 

On May 6, 2021, the Company approved the
following basic compensation arrangement for independent directors of the Company, effective August 6, 2021 and ending August 5, 2022:
A total compensation value of 15,000 per annum, payable 750 monthly cash compensation or 9,000 or (60 of total value) and remainder
 6,000 payable in non- qualified stock options vesting as of August 6, 2022 and with an exercise price equal to 1.4448 per share and
exercisable for a period of five years. 

On July 15, 2021, Jeffrey Guzy a Company director,
exercised a previously granted non-qualified stock option and purchased 100,000 shares of Company common stock for an aggregate purchase
price of 43,500 or a per share price of .435. The shares are restricted shares under federal securities laws and were acquired by independent
Director Guzy. The proceeds will be used by the Company for general working capital to support the rollout of the Smart Mirror product
line. 

As of December 31,
2022, there were stock options outstanding and vested. The stock options have a weighted average exercise price of and
have a weighted average contractual term remaining of years. 

Stock options were issued under Section 4(a)(2)
and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933. 

The Binomial Lattice (Suboptimal) option pricing model
was used to calculate the fair value of the stock options granted. The following weighted average assumptions were used in the fair value
calculations during the year ended December 31, 2021: 

Risk free interest rate 

 Expected term years 

 Expected volatility of stock 

 Expected dividend yield 

 Suboptimal Exercise Behavior Multiple 

 Number of Steps 

The risk-free interest rate is based on
rates of treasury securities with the same expected term as the options. The Company uses the expected term of employee and director stock-based
options. The Company is utilizing an expected volatility based on a review of the Company s historical volatility, over a period
of time, equivalent to the expected life of the instrument being valued. 

The expected dividend yield is based upon
the fact that the Company has not historically paid dividends and does not expect to pay dividends in the near future. 

For the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of and 1 , respectively, related to stock options. Such
amounts are included in compensation expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. All options are fully vested as of
the year ended December 31, 2022. 

The following table sets forth the Company s
stock options outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and activity for the years then ended. 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited/expired 

() 

Outstanding,
December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited/expired 

() 

Outstanding,
December 31, 2022 

() 

Vested/exercisable
at December 31, 2022 

The following table summarizes the information with
respect to options granted, outstanding and exercisable under the 2005 Plan: 

Adoption of Stock Repurchase Plan 

On August 23, 2016, the Company s Board
of Directors authorized the Company to implement a stock repurchase plan for up outstanding
common stock. The stock purchases can be made in the open market, structured repurchase programs, or in privately negotiated transactions.
The Company has no obligation to repurchase shares under the authorization, and the timing, actual number and value of the shares which
are repurchased will be at the discretion of management and will depend on several factors including the price of the Company s
common stock, market conditions, corporate developments, and the Company s financial condition. The repurchase plan may be discontinued
at any time at the Company s discretion. 

On December 19, 2018, Company entered a Purchase
Plan pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act, with Wilson Davis Co., Inc., a registered broker-dealer. Under the Purchase
Plan, Wilson Davis Co., Inc will make periodic purchases of shares at prevailing market prices, subject to the terms of the Purchase
Plan. 

On May 31, 2019, the Company s Board of
Directors approved a further extension of the Company s stock repurchase plan through August 31, 2020. The Board of Directors also
approved that the maximum amount of aggregate funding available for possible stock repurchases under the stock repurchase program remained
at 1,000,000 during the renewal period. 

On May 6, 2021, the Company s
Board of Directors approved a further extension of Rule 10b-5, the Company s stock purchase agreement with Wilson-Davis 
Company, Inc. through August 31, 2022. 

During May and June 2022,
the Company repurchased 66,167 shares of the Company s outstanding common stock in the open market. The total purchase cost
was 11,662. 

On July 7, 2022, the Board
of Directors resolved to discontinue the stock purchase agreement. 

As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021,
a total of and of the Company s common stock has been repurchased since the plan was incepted at a total cost of
 . The cost of the repurchased shares were recorded as a reduction of additional paid-in capital. 

.
The federal net operating loss is available to the Company indefinitely and available to 

 On
 March 27, 2020, the CARES Act was enacted into law. The CARES Act is a tax and spending package
 intended to provide economic relief to address the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The CARES
 Act included several significant income and other business tax provisions that, among other
 things, would eliminate the taxable income limit for certain net operating losses NOLs and allow businesses to carry back NOLs arising in 2018, 2019, and 2020 to the five prior
 tax years. The Company was able to carryback the 2018 and the 2019 NOLs to 2017 tax year
 and generate an estimated refund of previously paid income taxes at an approximate 34 federal
 tax rate. This resulted in a net benefit of approximately
 862,000 which was recorded in the first quarter 2020 of
 which a total of 806,800 was subsequently received. During the year ended December 31, 2022,
 the difference of 55,265 was reflected in income tax expense on the consolidated statement
 of operations. 

Tax benefit for income taxes differs from the amount
computed using the federal US statutory income tax rate as follows: 

() 
 
 State
income taxes, net of federal benefit 

() 

() 
 
 Tax
effect of foreign operations 

Non-deductible
items 

() 

Valuation
allowance 

Other 

() 
 
 Income
Tax Expense (Benefit) 

The effective tax rate for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, was and and the statutory tax rate was in 2022 and in 2021. 

The income tax benefit for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 consists of: 

State 

Deferred: 

Federal 

() 

State 

() 
 
 Income
Tax Expense (Benefit) 

The
tax effects of temporary differences and carry forwards that give rise to significant portions of deferred tax assets and liabilities
consist of the following : 

Stock
based compensation 

Net
operating allowances 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Intangible assets 

() 

() 
 
 Valuation
allowance 

() 

() 
 
 Net
deferred tax assets and liabilities 

() 

() 

Deferred tax assets are to be reduced by a valuation
allowance if it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred assets will not be realized. The Company has evaluated
the positive and negative evidence bearing upon its ability to realize the deferred tax assets. Management has considered the Company s
history of cumulative net losses incurred and has concluded that it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize the benefits
of the deferred tax assets. Accordingly, a full valuation allowance has been established against the deferred tax assets as of December
31, 2022 and 2021. Since indefinite-lived assets cannot be used as a source of taxable income to support the realization of deferred
tax asset, a valuation allowance was recorded against the deferred tax assets, and a net deferred tax liability or naked credit of approximately
 285,000
and 274,000
is presented on the company s balance sheet, respectively. The Company s valuation allowance increased by 319,938
in 2022. 

The Company recognizes liabilities for uncertain tax
positions based on a two-step process. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of
available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related
appeals or litigation processes, if any. The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50 likely
of being realized upon settlement. While the Company believes that it has appropriate support for the positions taken on its tax returns,
the Company regularly assesses the potential outcome of examinations by tax authorities in determining the adequacy of its provision for
income taxes. 

F-31 

<EX-4.6>
 2
 ex4_6.htm

Exhibit 4.6 

Exhibit
4.6. DESCRIPTION OF CAPSTONE COMPANIES, INC. SECURITIES 

As
of December 31, 2022, Capstone Companies, Inc. (the Company had one class of securities registered under Section 12(g)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended: its common stock, par value 0.0001 per share. 

The
following summary of the Company s common stock is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the Company s
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended (the Articles ), and Bylaws (the Bylaws ). This
summary does not relate to or give effect to the provisions of statutory or common law. For a complete description of the Company s
common stock, refer to the Articles, Bylaws and any applicable provisions of relevant law, including the applicable provisions of the
Florida Statutes (Company s domicile law) and federal law governing companies subject to Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

Authorized
Shares 

The
Company s authorized capital shares consists of 60,000,000, of which 56,666,667 shares shall be common stock, par value 0.0001
per share, and 3,333,333 shares shall be preferred stock, par value determined with authorization of each series of preferred stock.
The Company s board of directors has the power to set the terms of any series of preferred stock, including the designations, preferences,
conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends, qualifications, redemption and others. The creation
of any series of preferred stock requires filing and acceptance of an amendment to the Articles by the State of Florida. There are no
shares of preferred stock currently outstanding. 

The
Company s common stock is listed on The OTC Markets Group, Inc. s QB Venture Market Tier under the trading symbol CAPC . 

Voting
Rights 

Holders
of the common stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters voted on by the shareholders, including the election of directors.
The affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of common stock entitled to vote which are present in person or represented by proxy
at a meeting of the Company s shareholders is required to elect directors and act on any other matters properly brought a meeting
of the Company s shareholders, subject to certain limited exceptions as may be set forth in the Florida Statutes. 

Any
director or the entire Board of Directors of the Company may be removed only for cause. At any annual meeting of shareholders of the
Company or at any special meeting of shareholders of the Company, the notice of which shall state that the removal of a director or directors
is among the purposes of the meeting, the holders of eighty percent (80 or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding
shares of capital stock entitled to vote thereon, present in person or by proxy, may remove such director or directors for cause. 

Articles
may only be amended by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of capital stock entitled to vote on such amendment,
voting as a single class. 

Preemptive
and Other Rights 

The
common stock has no sinking fund or redemption provisions or preemptive, conversion or exchange rights. 

The
Company s common stock does not have cumulative voting rights. 

1 

Dividends 

Holders
of the Company s common stock are entitled to share ratably in dividends when and if declared by the Company s board of directors
from funds legally available for dividends. 

Liquidation
Rights 

Subject
to any preferential rights of outstanding shares of preferred stock that may be outstanding, holders of the common stock will share ratably
in all assets legally available for distribution to the Company s shareholders in the event of a dissolution of the Company. 

No
Classification of the Board 

The
Company s board of directors is not classified or staggered into tiers. All directors stand for election each year. 

Certain
Anti-Takeover Matters 

The
Articles and Bylaws include a few provisions that may have the effect of encouraging persons considering unsolicited tender offers or
other unilateral takeover proposals to negotiate with the board of directors rather than pursue non-negotiated takeover attempts. These
provisions include the following: 

Amendment
of Bylaws 

Amendments
of the Bylaws require the approval of a majority of all shares of capital stock, voting as a single class. 

Removal
of Directors 

A
director may be removed from the board of directors only for cause and only upon the affirmative vote of at least 80 of the shares entitled
to vote. 

2 

</EX-4.6>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21_1.htm

Exhibit 21.1 

Exhibit 21.1 Subsidiaries of Capstone Companies, Inc . 

Subsidiaries of Registrant 

 United States of America 

 Capstone Industries, Inc., a Florida Corporation 

Capstone Lighting Technologies, L.L.C., a Florida
Limited Liability Company 

Hong Kong SAR 

Capstone International Hong Kong, Ltd. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31_1.htm

Exhibit 31.1 

Section
302 Certifications 

I,
Stewart Wallach, certify that: 

1.
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Capstone Companies,
Inc. for the fiscal year end December 31, 2022; 

2. 
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3. 
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the small business issuer as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4. 
The small business issuer s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the small business issuer and have: 

a) 
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the small business issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
Evaluated the effectiveness of the small business issuer s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
on such evaluation; and 

d) 
Disclosed in this report any change in the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the small business issuer s most recent fiscal quarter (the small business issuer s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of
an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the small business issuer s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
The small business issuer s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the small business issuer s auditors and the audit committee of the small business issuer s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a)
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design
or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the small business issuer s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 

 /s/
Stewart Wallach 

 Stewart
Wallach 

 CEO,
Director 

 (Principal
Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31_2.htm

Exhibit 31.2 

Section
302 Certifications 

I,
Dana Eschenburg Perez, certify that: 

1. 
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Capstone Companies, Inc. for the fiscal year end December 31, 2022; 

2. 
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report. 

3. 
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the small business issuer as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4.
 The small business issuer s other certifying officer and
I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15I and 15d-15I)
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the small business
issuer and have: 

a) 
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the small business issuer, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

c) 
Evaluated the effectiveness of the small business issuer s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based
on such evaluation; and 

d) 
Disclosed in this report any change in the small business issuer s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
the small business issuer s most recent fiscal quarter (the small business issuer s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of
an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the small business issuer s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
The small business issuer s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the small business issuer s auditors and the audit committee of the small business issuer s
board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the small business issuer s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b) 
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 

 s/
Dana E. Perez 

 Dana
Eschenburg Perez 

 Interim
Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal
Financial Executive and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32_1.htm

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Capstone Companies,
Inc. on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ),
I, Stewart Wallach, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, hereby certify that: 

(1) 
the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the
Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

/s/ Stewart Wallach 

 Stewart Wallach 

 Chief Executive Officer and Director 

 (Principal Executive Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within
the electronic version of this written statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to
the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32_2.htm

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Capstone Companies,
Inc. on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ),
I, Dana Eschenburg Perez, Interim Chief Executive Officer of the Company, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, hereby certify that: 

(1) the
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 

s/ Dana E. Perez 

 Dana Eschenburg Perez 

 Interim Chief Financial Officer 

 (Principal Financial Executive and Accounting Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement required
by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within
the electronic version of this written statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to
the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 capc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 capc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 capc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 capc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

