<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230314_10-K_edgar_data_720858_0000720858-23-000008.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13969356</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>240296</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2028023</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5005226</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3401647</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3038973</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000720858-23-000008.hdr.sgml : 20230314
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230314170317
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000720858-23-000008
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		122
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230314
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230314

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INVESTORS TITLE CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000720858
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TITLE INSURANCE [6361]
		IRS NUMBER:				561110199
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NC
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-11774
		FILM NUMBER:		23731862

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		121 N COLUMBIA ST
		STREET 2:		P O DRAWER 2687
		CITY:			CHAPEL HILL
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27514
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9199682200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		121 NORTH COLUMBIA STREET
		CITY:			CHAPEL HILL
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27514

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000720858-23-000008.txt : 20230314

10-K
 1
 itic-20221231.htm
 10-K

itic-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 for the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 for the transition period from __to __ 
 
 Commission file number 
 
 MPANY 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 ) 
 (Address and telephone number of principal executive office) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 
 
 The aggregate market value of the shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 was based on the closing price on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. 
 
 As of February 17, 2023, there were common shares of the registrant outstanding. 
 
 Documents incorporated by reference: 

Safe Harbor and Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as information included in future filings by Investors Title Company (the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and information contained in written material, press releases and oral statements issued by or on behalf of the Company, contains, or may contain, forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), that reflect management s current outlook for future periods. These statements may be identified by the use of words such as plan, expect, aim, believe, project, anticipate, intend, estimate, should, could, would and other expressions that indicate future events and trends. All statements that address expectations or projections about the future, including statements about the Company s strategy for growth, product and service development, market share position, claims, expenditures, financial results and cash requirements, are forward-looking statements. Without limitation, projected developments in mortgage interest rates and the overall economic environment set forth in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Business Trends and Recent Conditions constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events that ar e subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. For a description of factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Actual future results and trends may differ materially from historical results or those projected in any such forward-looking statements depending on a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 
 changes in interest rates and real estate values; 
 changes in general economic, business, and political conditions, including the performance of the financial and real estate markets; 
 the impact of inflation; 
 the impact of ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine; 
 the impact of a failure of the U.S. federal government to manage its fiscal matters or to raise or further suspend the debt ceiling; 
 potential reform of government-sponsored entities; 
 the level of real estate transaction volumes, the level of mortgage origination volumes (including refinancing), the mix of title insurance between markets with varying real estate values, changes to the insurance requirements of the participants in the secondary mortgage market, and the effect of these factors on the demand for title insurance; 
 the possible inadequacy of provisions for claims to cover actual claim losses; 
 the incidence of fraud-related losses; 
 the impact of cyberattacks (including ransomware attacks) and other cybersecurity events, including damage to the Company's reputation in the event of a serious IT breach or failure; 
 the impact of COVID-19, including its variants, or other pandemics, climate change, severe weather conditions or the occurrence of another catastrophic event; 
 unanticipated adverse changes in securities markets that could result in material losses to the Company s investments; 
 significant competition that the Company s operating subsidiaries face, including the Company s ability to develop and offer products and services that meet changing industry standards in a timely and cost-effective manner and expansion into new geographic locations ; 
 the Company s reliance upon the North Carolina, Texas, South Carolina and Georgia markets for a significant portion of its premiums, comprising approximately 35.6 , 29.0 , 9.4 and 9.2 of premiums written, respectively; 
 compliance with government regulation, including pricing regulation, and significant changes to applicable regulations or in their application by regulators; 
 the impact of governmental oversight of compliance of the Company s service providers, including the application of financial regulation designed to protect consumers; 
 possible downgrades from a rating agency, which could result in a loss of underwriting business; 
 the inability of the Company to manage, develop and implement technological advancements and prevent system interruptions or unauthorized system intrusions; 
 statutory requirements applicable to the Company s insurance subsidiaries that require them to maintain minimum levels of capital, surplus and reserves and restrict the dividend amounts they may pay the Company without prior regulatory approval; 
 the desire to maintain capital above statutory minimum requirements for competitive, marketing and other reasons; 
 heightened regulatory scrutiny and investigations of the title insurance industry; 
 the Company s dependence on key management and marketing personnel, the loss of whom could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business; 
 difficulty managing growth, whether organic or through acquisitions; 
 unfavorable economic or other conditions could cause the Company to record impairment charges for all or a portion of its goodwill and other intangible assets; 
 policies and procedures for the mitigation of risks may be insufficient to prevent losses; 
 the shareholder rights plan could discourage transactions involving actual or potential changes of control; and 
 other risks detailed elsewhere in this document and in the Company s other filings with the SEC. 
 2 

These and other risks and uncertainties may be described from time to time in the Company s other reports and filings with the SEC. The Company is not under any obligation (and expressly disclaims any such obligation) and does not undertake to update or alter any forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or events that occur after the date the forward-looking statements are made. You should consider the possibility that actual results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements. 
 3 

INVESTORS TITLE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 PART I 
 Item 1. Business 5 
 Executive Officers of the Company 10 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 11 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 18 
 Item 2. Properties 18 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 18 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 18 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 19 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 19 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 19 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 33 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 34 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 72 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 72 
 Item 9B. Other Information 72 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 72 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 73 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 73 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 73 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 73 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 73 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 74 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 86 
 Signatures 87 

4 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 GENERAL 
 
 Investors Title Company (the Company is a holding company that operates through its subsidiaries and was incorporated as a corporation under the laws of the state of North Carolina in 1973. The Company became operational in 1976, when it acquired Investors Title Insurance Company ITIC ), which had itself been operating since 1972, as a wholly owned subsidiary under a plan of exchange of shares of common stock. In 1983, the Company acquired National Investors Title Insurance Company NITIC ), formerly Northeast Investors Title Insurance Company, which had itself been operating since 1973, as a wholly owned subsidiary under a plan of exchange of shares of common stock. The Company s executive offices are located at 121 North Columbia Street, Chapel Hill, North Carolina 27514 and its telephone number is (919) 968-2200. The Company maintains a website at www.invtitle.com . The contents of the Company s website are not and shall not be a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other SEC filing. 
 
 OVERVIEW OF THE BUSINESS 
 
 The Company s primary business activity, and its only reportable operating segment, is the issuance of residential and commercial title insurance through ITIC and NITIC. Additionally, the Company provides (i) tax-deferred real property exchange services through its subsidiaries, Investors Title Exchange Corporation ITEC and Investors Title Accommodation Corporation ITAC (ii) investment management and trust services to individuals, trusts and other entities through its subsidiary Investors Trust Company Investors Trust and (iii) management services to title insurance agencies through its subsidiary, Investors Title Management Services ITMS ). Refer to Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Note 12 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to the revenues, income and assets attributable to the Company s primary operating segment. 
 
 Title Insurance 
 
 Through its two wholly owned title underwriting subsidiaries, ITIC and NITIC, the Company underwrites title insurance for owners and mortgagees as a primary insurer. ITIC and NITIC offer primary title insurance coverage to owners and mortgagees of real estate and assume reinsurance of title insurance risks from other title insurance companies. The commitments and policies are predominantly issued using standard forms approved by the American Land Title Association ALTA ). 
 
 Title insurance protects against losses resulting from title defects affecting real property. Upon a real estate closing, the seller of real property executes a deed to the new owner, and typically, the property is encumbered with a new mortgage. When real property is conveyed from one party to another, occasionally there is an undisclosed or undiscovered defect in the title or a mistake or omission in a prior deed or mortgage that may give a third party a legal claim against such property or result in the invalidity or unenforceability of the insured mortgage. If a claim is made against the title to real property, title insurance provides indemnification against covered defects. 
 
 Numerous types of defects could jeopardize the property owner s or mortgagee s interest in the property for which a title policy may provide coverage. Such risks include title being vested in an individual or entity other than the insured, lack of a right of access to the property, invalidity or unenforceability of the insured mortgage, or other liens or encumbrances that make the property unmarketable. The policy may provide coverage for defects arising from prior unsatisfied mortgages, judgments, tax liens or confirmed assessments, or encumbrances against the property arising through easements, restrictions or other existing covenants. Title insurance may also protect against deeds or mortgages that were forged or improperly acknowledged or delivered, that were executed by spouses without the other spouse s signature or that were conveyed by minors or other persons who lack legal capacity. 
 
 Title Insurance Policies: The Company issues title insurance policies based on a search of public records. The title search documents the current status of title to the property. There are two basic types of title insurance policies one for the mortgage lender and one for the real property owner. A lender often requires property owners to purchase title insurance to protect the priority of its mortgage loan, but the lender s title insurance policy does not protect the property owner. The property owner has to purchase a separate owner s title insurance policy to protect its investment. 
 
 5 

Insured Risk on Policies in Force: Generally, the amount of the insured risk under a title insurance policy is equal to the purchase price, the loan amount or the fair market value of the insured property. If a claim is made against an insured property s title, the insurer can choose to pay the cost of eliminating the covered title defects or to defend the insured party against the covered title defects affecting the property. In the alternative, the insurer may opt to pay the policy limits to the insured or, if the loss is less than the policy limits, the amount of the insured s actual loss due to such title defects, at which time the insurer s duty to defend the claim and all other obligations of the insurer with respect to the claim are satisfied. 
 
 At any given time, the insurer s actual risk of monetary loss under outstanding policies is only a portion of the aggregate insured risk, or total face amount, of all policies in force. The lower risk results primarily from the reissuance of title insurance policies for the same property by other underwriters over time when such property is subsequently conveyed or refinanced. The coverage on a lender s title insurance policy is reduced and eventually terminated as the mortgage loan is paid. An owner s policy is effective as long as the insured has an ownership interest in the property or has liability under warranties of title. Due to the variability of these factors, the aggregate contingent liability of the Company s title underwriters on outstanding policies cannot be determined with precision. 
 
 Losses and Reserves: While most other forms of insurance provide for the assumption of risk of loss arising from unforeseen events, title insurance is based upon a process of loss avoidance. Title insurance generally serves to protect the policyholder from the risk of loss from events that predate the issuance of the policy. Losses on policies typically occur when a title defect is not discovered during the examination and settlement process or upon the occurrence of certain hidden risks which cannot be determined from an accurate search of public land records. The maximum amount of liability under a title insurance policy is generally the face amount of the policy plus the cost of defending the insured s title against an adverse claim, if agreed to by the insurer prior to payment of loss under the policy, and any inflation protection clause associated with the policy. The reserve for claim losses is established from known claims, as well as estimated losses incurred but not yet reported to the Company based upon historical experience and other factors. 
 
 Title claims can often be complex, vary greatly in dollar amounts, are affected by economic and market conditions and may involve uncertainties as to ultimate exposure. Therefore, reserve estimates are subject to variability. For a more complete description of the Company s reserve for claims, refer to Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Title Insurance Underwriting Operations: ITIC and NITIC issue title insurance policies directly and through a network of agents. Issuing agents are typically real estate attorneys, independent agents or subsidiaries of community and regional mortgage lending institutions, depending on local customs and regulations and the Company s marketing strategy in a particular territory. The Company s title insurance subsidiaries determine the terms and conditions upon which they will insure title to real property according to the Company s underwriting standards, policies and procedures. Title insurance premiums written reflect a one-time premium payment, with no recurring premiums. 
 
 Generally, premiums for title insurance are recorded and recognized as revenue at the closing of the related transaction, when the earnings process is considered complete. When the policy is issued directly, the premiums collected are retained by the Company. When the policy is issued through a non-wholly owned title insurance agency, the agency retains a majority of the premium as a commission and remits the net amount to the Company. Title insurance commissions earned by the Company s agents are recognized as expenses concurrently with premium recognition. The percentage of the premium retained by agents varies by region and is sometimes regulated by the states where the property is located. 
 
 For a description of the level of net premiums written directly and through agency operations, refer to Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Geographic Operations: ITIC was incorporated in North Carolina in 1972, and is licensed to write title insurance in 44 states and the District of Columbia. ITIC currently writes title insurance as a primary insurer in 22 states and the District of Columbia, primarily located in the eastern half of the United States, and as a reinsurer for NITIC and third-party title insurance companies. 
 
 NITIC was incorporated in South Carolina in 1973, and is licensed to write title insurance in 20 states and the District of Columbia. In November 2014, NITIC redomesticated to Texas. NITIC currently writes title insurance as a primary insurer in Texas, and as a reinsurer for ITIC. 
 
 Premiums from title insurance written on properties located in North Carolina, Texas, South Carolina and Georgia represent the largest source of revenue for the title insurance segment. In North Carolina, a majority of the Company s title insurance commitments and policies are issued directly. In Texas, South Carolina, Georgia and other states, title policies are primarily issued through issuing agents. For a description of the level of net premiums written geographically for significant states, refer to Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 6 

Each state license authorizing ITIC or NITIC to write title insurance must be renewed annually. These licenses are necessary for the companies to operate as a title insurer in each state in which they write premiums. 
 
 Ratings: The Company s title insurance subsidiaries are regularly assigned ratings by independent agencies designed to indicate their financial condition and/or their claims paying ability. The rating agencies determine ratings primarily by analyzing financial data. 
 
 Reinsurance: The Company assumes and cedes reinsurance with other insurance companies in the normal course of business. Reinsurance is a contractual arrangement whereby one insurer assumes some or all of the risk exposure written by another insurer. Ceded reinsurance is comprised of excess of loss treaties, which outline the conditions in which the reinsurance company will pay claims and protect the ceding insurer against losses over certain agreed amounts. 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, ITIC and NITIC reinsure certain risks with other title insurers to limit their risk exposure and to comply with state insurance regulations. They also assume reinsurance for certain risks of other title insurers for which they receive additional income in the form of reinsurance premiums. For each of the last two years, revenues from reinsurance activities accounted for less than 1 of total premium volume. 
 
 Exchange Services, Investment Management and Trust Services, and Management Services 
 
 The Company s other lines of business include services offered by wholly owned subsidiaries ITEC, ITAC, Investors Trust, and ITMS. 
 
 In 1988, the Company established ITEC to provide services in connection with tax-deferred exchanges of like-kind property pursuant to 1031 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the IRC ). ITEC acts as a qualified intermediary in tax-deferred exchanges of real property held for productive use in a trade or business or for investment, and its income is derived from fees for handling exchange transactions and interest earned on client deposits held by the Company. In its role as qualified intermediary, ITEC coordinates the exchange aspects of the real estate transaction, and its duties include drafting standard exchange documents, holding the exchange funds between the time the old property is sold and the new property is purchased, and accepting the formal identification of the replacement property within the required identification period. ITAC provides services as an exchange accommodation titleholder for accomplishing parking transactions as set forth in the safe harbor contained in Internal Revenue Procedure 2000-37. These transactions include reverse exchanges when taxpayers decide to acquire replacement property before selling the relinquished property, or build to suit exchanges, when improvements must be made to the replacement property before the taxpayer acquires the improved replacement property. The services provided by the Company s exchange services division, ITEC and ITAC, are pursuant to provisions in the IRC. From time to time, these laws are subject to review and changes, which may negatively affect the demand for tax-deferred exchanges in general, and consequently, the revenues and profitability of the Company s exchange services division. 
 
 Investors Trust provides investment management and trust services to individuals, companies, banks and trusts. 
 
 ITMS offers various consulting and management services to provide clients with the technical expertise to start and successfully operate a title insurance agency. 
 
 None of these other lines of business is currently a reportable segment for which separate financial information is presented; instead, they are collectively included and reported in the category All Other in the segment information in Note 12 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 CYCLICALITY AND SEASONALITY 
 
 Real estate activity, home sales and mortgage lending are cyclical in nature. Title insurance premiums are closely related to the level of real estate activity and the average price of real estate sales. The availability of funds to finance purchases directly affects real estate sales. Other factors include mortgage interest rates, consumer confidence, economic conditions, supply, demand and family income levels. The Company s premiums in future periods are likely to fluctuate due to these and other factors which are beyond management s control. 
 
 Historically, the title insurance business tends to be seasonal as well as cyclical. Because home sales are typically strongest in periods of favorable weather, the first calendar quarter tends to have the lowest activity levels, while the spring and summer quarters tend to be more active. Refinance activity is generally less seasonal, but is subject to interest rate fluctuations. 
 
 7 

MARKETING 
 
 The Company markets its title insurance services to a broad range of customers in the residential and commercial market sectors of the real estate industry. Issuing agents are typically real estate attorneys, independent agents or subsidiaries of community and regional mortgage lending institutions, depending on local customs and regulations and the Company s marketing strategy in a particular territory. 
 
 ITIC and NITIC strive to provide superior service to their customers and consider this an important factor in attracting and retaining customers. Company personnel strive to develop new business and agency relationships to increase market share while ITIC s Commercial Services Division focuses on services provided to commercial clients. 
 
 REGULATION 
 
 Any material change in the Company s regulatory environment may have an adverse effect on its business. 
 
 Title Insurance 
 
 The Company is an insurance holding company and therefore, it is subject to regulation in the states in which its insurance subsidiaries do business. These regulations, among other things, require insurance holding companies to register and file certain reports, and require prior regulatory approval of the payment of extraordinary dividends and other intercompany distributions or transfers. They also may require approval of the insurance commissioner prior to a third party directly or indirectly acquiring control of the insurer, which may make it difficult or prohibitive for a third party to acquire the Company. 
 
 Title insurance companies are extensively regulated under applicable state laws. All states have requirements for admission to do business as an insurance company, including minimum levels of capital, surplus and reserves. State regulatory authorities monitor the stability and service of insurance companies and possess broad powers with respect to the licensing of title insurers and agents, approving rate schedules and policy forms, financial reporting and accounting practices, reserve requirements, investments and dividend restrictions, approving related party transactions, as well as examining and auditing title insurers. At December 31, 2022, both ITIC and NITIC met the statutory premium reserve requirements and the minimum capital and surplus requirements of the states where they are licensed. A substantial portion of the assets of the Company s title insurance subsidiaries consists of their portfolios of investment securities. Both of these subsidiaries are required by various state laws to maintain assets of a defined minimum quality and amount. 
 
 The Company s insurance subsidiaries are subject to examination at any time by the insurance regulators in the states where they are licensed as well as required periodic examinations. These and other governmental authorities have the power to enforce state and federal laws to which the title insurance subsidiaries are subject. These governmental authorities include, but are not limited to, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB ), which enforces the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act RESPA ), the primary federal regulatory guidance governing the real estate settlement industry. The CFPB has the authority to identify and address, through regulation, unfair, deceptive and abusive practices in the mortgage industry and certain other settlement service industries. 
 
 Increased regulatory involvement may affect the Company and its service providers. Proposals to change regulations governing insurance holding companies and the title insurance industry are often introduced in Congress, in state legislatures and before various insurance regulatory agencies, including the CFPB. Although the Company regularly monitors such proposals, the likelihood and timing of passage of any such regulation, and the possible effects of any such regulation on the Company and its subsidiaries, cannot be determined at this time. 
 
 Certain laws and regulations, such as the cyber security requirements of governmental authorities, require the Company to maintain certain information security standards and practices. Other laws and regulations regulate the manner in which the Company collects, uses, retains, protects, discloses, transfers, and processes personal data. Following the enactment of the California Consumer Privacy Act, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act and the European Union General Data Protection Regulation, the Company expects the adoption of comprehensive data privacy laws in more jurisdictions in which it operates. 
 
 Exchange Services, Investment Management and Trust Services, and Management Services 
 
 Investors Trust is regulated by the North Carolina Commissioner of Banks. 
 
 8 

COMPETITION 
 
 The title insurance industry is highly competitive. The four largest title insurance companies typically maintain greater than 80 of the market for title insurance in the United States, with smaller regional companies holding the balance of the market. The number and size of competing companies varies in the respective geographic areas in which the Company conducts business. Key competitive factors in the title insurance industry are the financial strength and size of the insurer, timeliness and quality of service, price and expertise in certain transactions. Title insurance underwriters also compete for agents based upon service and commission levels. Some title insurers currently have greater financial resources, larger distribution networks and more extensive computerized databases of property records and related information than the Company. In addition, there are numerous industry-related regulations and statutes that set out conditions and requirements to conduct business. Changes to or the removal of such regulations and statutes could result in additional competition from alternative title insurance products or new entrants into the industry that could materially affect the Company s business operations and financial condition. 
 
 CUSTOMER AND LENDER CONCENTRATION 
 
 The Company is not dependent upon any single title insurance customer or a few customers, and the loss of any single customer would not have a material adverse effect on the Company. 
 
 Lending institutions benefit from title insurance policies that are purchased by borrowers on the lending institutions behalf as a condition to the making of loans. Refusal by major market lenders to accept our product offerings could have a material adverse effect on the Company. 
 
 INVESTMENT POLICIES 
 
 The Company and its subsidiaries derive a substantial portion of their income from investments in municipal and U.S. government securities and investment grade corporate fixed maturity securities and equity securities. The Company s fixed maturity securities are classified as available for sale and carried at estimated fair value. Equity securities are also carried at estimated fair value. The Company s investment policy is designed to maintain a high quality portfolio and maximize income. Some state laws impose restrictions upon the types and amounts of investments that can be made by the Company s insurance subsidiaries. The Company s investment portfolio is managed internally and via a wholly owned subsidiary. The securities in the Company s portfolio are subject to economic conditions and normal market risks. Equity securities at December 31, 2022 and 2021 consisted of investments in various industry groups. The Company s investment portfolio did not include any significant investments in banks, trust or insurance companies at December 31, 2022 or 2021. Short-term investments, which consist primarily of money market funds and US treasury bills, have an original maturity of one year or less, are carried at cost, which approximates fair value due to the short duration to maturity. In addition, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company held investments that are accounted for using the equity method and measurement alternative method (refer to Note 1 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements). 
 
 Refer to Note 3 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the major categories of investments, scheduled maturities, fair values of investment securities and earnings by category. 
 
 ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS 
 
 The title insurance policies ITIC and NITIC currently issue exclude any liability for environmental risks and contamination unless a notice of violation relating to an environmental protection law, ordinance or regulation is recorded prior to the date of such policy or the Company issues a specific policy endorsement providing coverage for environmental liens recorded prior to the date of such policy. The Company has not experienced, and does not anticipate that it or its subsidiaries will incur, any significant expenses related to environmental claims. 
 
 In connection with tax-deferred exchanges of like-kind property, ITAC may temporarily hold title to property pursuant to an accommodation titleholder agreement. In order for ITAC to enter into such arrangements, each person or entity for which title is being held must (a) execute an indemnification agreement under which it agrees to indemnify ITAC for any environmental or other claims which may arise as a result of the arrangement, and (b) provide due diligence materials regarding any known environmental issues, in the form of an environmental questionnaire and/or applicable environmental engineering studies, if indicated for review by ITAC, as applicable. 
 
 EMPLOYEES AND HUMAN CAPITAL 
 
 The Company and its subsidiaries had 626 full-time employees and 29 part-time employees as of December 31, 2022. None of the employees are covered by any collective bargaining agreements. Management considers its relationship with its employees to be favorable. 
 9 

Recruiting and retaining qualified personnel and key talent is important to the Company s success. The Company s business results depend in part on its ability to successfully manage its human capital resources. Factors that may affect the Company s ability to attract and retain qualified employees include employee morale, competition from other employers and availability of qualified individuals. 
 
 The Company is an equal opportunity employer, committed to creating an inclusive culture that supports all employees and is free of discrimination based on gender, race, ethnicity, religion, disability or other legally protected characteristic. The current makeup of the Company's Board of Directors complies with the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC's rules related to board diversity. 
 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 
 The Company strives to provide robust compensation and benefits to its employees. In addition to competitive salaries, compensation and benefit programs include annual bonuses, an employer-sponsored 401(k) plan, employer paid healthcare, life insurance, long and short term disability benefits, flexible spending accounts, an employee assistance program, and paid time off. The Company s ability to attract and retain key personnel who are necessary to the operation of the business is critical to its success. 
 
 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 The Company files annual, quarterly and current reports and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 
 
 The Company s internet address is www.invtitle.com . The contents of the Company s website, including the Investor Relations section, are not and shall not be deemed to be a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any other SEC filing. The Company makes available free of charge through its internet website its annual reports on Form 10-K, its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, its current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after such materials are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC, and also makes available the Section 16 reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5 of its insiders no later than the end of the business day following such filings. The information is free of charge and may be reviewed and downloaded from the website at any time. The Investor Relations section of the Company s website also includes its Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and the charters of the Audit, Compensation and Nominating Committees of its Board of Directors. 

Executive Officers of the Company 
 
 Following is information regarding the executive officers of the Company as of February 21, 2023. Each officer is appointed at the annual meeting of the Board of Directors to serve until the next annual meeting of the Board or until his or her respective successor has been elected and qualified. 
 Name Age Position with Registrant J. Allen Fine 88 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board James A. Fine, Jr. 60 President, Treasurer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and Director W. Morris Fine 56 Executive Vice President, Secretary and Director 
 
 J. Allen Fine has been Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of the Company since its incorporation in 1973. He also served as President of the Company until May 1997. He is the father of James A. Fine, Jr. and W. Morris Fine. 
 
 James A. Fine, Jr. was named Vice President of the Company in 1987. In 1997, he was named President and Treasurer and appointed as a Director of the Company. In 2002, he was appointed as Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer. He is the son of J. Allen Fine and the brother of W. Morris Fine. 
 
 W. Morris Fine was named Vice President of the Company in 1992. In 1993, he was named Treasurer of the Company and served in that capacity until 1997. In 1997, he was named Executive Vice President and Secretary of the Company. In 1999, he was appointed as a Director of the Company. He is the son of J. Allen Fine and the brother of James A. Fine, Jr. 
 
 10 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 The risk factors listed in this section and other factors noted herein could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements or could result in a significant or material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO THE COMPANY S BUSINESS 
 
 Adverse changes in economic conditions, especially those related to real estate activity, may negatively impact the Company s results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The demand for the Company s title insurance and other real estate transaction products and services varies from year to year and is dependent upon, among other factors, the volume of residential and commercial real estate transactions and mortgage financing transactions. The volume of these transactions has historically been influenced by factors such as the overall state of the economy, the average price level of real estate sales, housing inventory, unemployment levels, and the availability and pricing of mortgage financing. Real estate activity generally decreases when the economy is weak or uncertain, home prices are increasing, housing inventory is limited, the availability of mortgage credit is limited, or mortgage interest rates are increasing. The cyclical nature of the Company s business has caused volatility in revenue and profitability in the past and could do so in the future. 
 
 Demand for title insurance also depends in part upon the requirement by mortgage lenders and other participants in the secondary mortgage market that title insurance policies be obtained on residential and commercial real property. 
 
 The current period of inflation, as well as ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, has created additional volatile market conditions and uncertainties in the global economy. Current political tensions may make it difficult for Congress to agree on any further increases to or suspension of the debt ceiling in a timely manner or at all, further increasing market volatility and economic uncertainty. These events have impacted and could continue to impact the Company in a number of ways including, but not limited to, future fluctuations in the Company's investment portfolio and potential decreases in net premiums written. The Federal Open Market Committee FOMC of the Federal Reserve has been highly attentive to the risks that these events have created, and in response has been raising the target federal funds rate at recent meetings. Although the federal funds rate does not directly impact mortgage interest rates, it can have a significant influence as lenders pass on the costs of rate increases to consumers. Higher mortgage interest rates have and could continue to negatively impact the demand and pricing of real estate, which has and could continue to adversely affect the Company s operations and financial condition. For example, net premiums written for the Company decreased during certain periods of 2022 due to an overall decline in the level of real estate transaction volumes resulting from higher average mortgage interest rates. 
 
 The Company may experience material losses resulting from fraud, defalcation or misconduct. 
 
 Underwriting agents and approved settlement providers, which can include issuing agents and approved attorneys, perform a significant portion of the work necessary to issue the Company s title insurance policies. These agents and providers operate with a substantial degree of independence from the Company, subject to certain contractual limitations. As a result, the Company s use of title agents and approved providers could result in claims on the Company s policies and other expenses due to fraud and negligence. Fraud, defalcation, errors and other misconduct by the Company s agents, approved attorneys and employees are risks inherent in the Company s business. Agents and approved attorneys typically handle large sums of money in trust pursuant to the closing of real estate transactions. Misappropriation of funds by any of these parties could result in title claims, some of which could be large and have a material negative impact on the Company s results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The Company relies upon the North Carolina, Texas, South Carolina and Georgia markets for a significant portion of its premiums. Changes in the economic or regulatory environments in these states could have an adverse impact on the Company. 
 
 North Carolina, Texas, South Carolina and Georgia are the largest sources of premium revenue for the Company s title insurance subsidiaries. In 2022, these states represented 35.6 , 29.0 , 9.4 and 9.2 of total premiums written by the Company, respectively. A decrease in the level of real estate activity in these states, whether driven by weak economic conditions, changes in regulatory environments or other factors that influence demand, could have a negative impact on the Company s financial results. Some of these markets, like the overall real estate market, experienced during 2022 and may continue to experience, an overall decline in the level of real estate transaction volumes resulting from higher average mortgage interest rates. 
 
 11 

Adverse deviation of actual claims experience from expected claims experience will result in lower net earnings. 
 
 The Company s net income is affected by the extent to which its actual claims experience differs from the assumptions used in establishing the reserve for claims. The reserve for claims is established based on actuarial estimates of future payments for reported claims, as well as claims which have been incurred but not yet reported. In addition, management considers factors such as the Company s historical claims experience, case reserve estimates on reported claims, large claims and other relevant factors in determining loss provision rates and the aggregate recorded expected liability for claims. 
 
 Due to the nature of the underlying risks and the high degree of uncertainty associated with the estimation of the reserve for claims, the Company cannot determine precisely the amounts which it will ultimately pay to settle its claims. Factors contributing to the complexity in establishing reserves can include varying loss potentials, timing, unfavorable market or economic conditions and the legal environment. The timing of claims is difficult to estimate as payments may not occur until well into the future. Higher levels of defaults and foreclosures upon insured properties are more prevalent in times of unfavorable economic conditions and can lead to an increase in title insurance claims. The Company may also incur higher than normal claim payment experience or large losses. To the extent that actual claims experience is greater than estimated, the Company could be required to increase the reserve. 
 
 Competition affects the Company s results of operations . 
 
 The title insurance industry is highly competitive with only a few insurers comprising a large percentage of the market. Key competitive factors are quality of service, price within regulatory parameters, expertise, timeliness and the financial strength and size of the insurer. Title insurance underwriters compete for premiums by choosing various distribution channels which may include company-owned operations, independent agents and agency relationships with real estate attorneys, subsidiaries of community and regional lending institutions, realtors, builders and other settlement service providers. Title insurance underwriters compete for agents on the basis of service, technology and commission levels. Some title insurers currently have greater financial resources, larger distribution networks and more extensive computerized databases of property records and information than the Company. The number and size of competing companies varies in the different geographic areas in which the Company operates, and any reductions to current regulatory barriers within any of the different geographic areas could increase the number of competitors entering into the title insurance market. Competition among the major providers of title insurance or the acceptance of alternative products to traditional title products by the regulatory authorities and the marketplace could adversely affect the Company s operations and financial condition. 
 
 The Company may encounter difficulties managing growth, which could adversely affect its operating results. 
 
 The Company s future growth plans involve expansion into new geographic locations and further penetration into established markets through new or existing agents, or through acquisitions. Such growth may subject the Company to associated risks, such as diverting management s attention, incurring unanticipated liabilities from an acquired business, difficulty integrating an acquired entity, or retaining its employees or customers and realization of synergies. The occurrence of any of these risks may deprive the Company of some or all of the anticipated value of an acquisition or other growth initiatives, resulting in lower returns on investments and result in a negative impact on the Company s results of operations. These risks could be particularly significant if the Company incurs significant costs in pursuing an acquisition or other initiatives. 
 
 The Company depends on its ability to attract and retain key personnel and agents, and its inability to do so could adversely affect its business. 
 
 Competition for skilled and experienced personnel in the Company s industry is high, and the success of the Company is substantially dependent on its ability to attract and retain such personnel. The Company may have difficulty hiring and retaining the necessary marketing and management personnel to support future growth plans. Also, the Company s results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected if it is unsuccessful in attracting and retaining new agents. 
 
 12 

Mortgage lending is highly concentrated and changes in relationships with lenders or reform of government-sponsored entities could adversely affect the Company. 
 
 Large mortgage lenders and government-sponsored entities, because of their significant role in the mortgage process, have significant influence over the Company and other service providers. Refusal by major market lenders to accept the Company s product offerings could have a material adverse effect on the Company. Furthermore, government-sponsored entities, the Federal National Mortgage Association Fannie Mae and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation Freddie Mac ), often require the purchase of title insurance for home loans they securitize. Changes by these regulatory entities could impact the entire mortgage loan process and as a result, could impact the demand for title insurance. This includes the recent promotion of the use of alternative products in lieu of title insurance, such as attorney opinion letters, in certain circumstances to lower closing costs. In addition, the federal government has had discussions about the possible reform of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. The timing and results of reform are currently unknown; however, changes to these entities could adversely impact the Company and its results of operations. 
 
 Unfavorable economic or other conditions could cause the Company to record impairment charges for all or a portion of its goodwill and other intangible assets. 
 
 As a result of acquisition activity, the Company has goodwill and other intangible assets that comprise approximately 5.2 of total assets as of December 31, 2022. Quarterly, the Company performs an impairment analysis that reviews changes in events or circumstances that could lead to the carrying value not being recoverable. Economic downturns or poor performance of the acquisitions could result in the Company recognizing an impairment of a portion or all of the goodwill and intangible assets on the Company s books and could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO REGULATORY AND COMPLIANCE MATTERS 
 
 The Company s insurance subsidiaries are subject to complex government regulations. Changes in regulations may have an adverse effect on the Company s results of operations. 
 
 The Company s title insurance subsidiaries are subject to extensive regulations that are intended to protect policyholders and consumers. 
 
 The Company s title insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulations by the CFPB, created by the Dodd-Frank Act. The CFPB has extensive regulatory and enforcement authority over real estate and mortgage markets, including RESPA, the primary federal regulatory guidance governing the real estate settlement industry. The manner and extent to which the CFPB will implement new regulations is not fully known; however, any new regulations implemented could result in changes to internal processes, including changes to systems and forms. 
 
 In addition to federal regulation, title insurance subsidiaries are subject to state regulations. The nature and extent of state regulations, which vary from state to state, typically involve, among other matters, licensing and renewal requirements and trade and marketing practices, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 
 licensing of insurers and agents; 
 capital and surplus requirements; 
 approval, regulation or establishment of premium rates for insurance; 
 limitations on types and amounts of investments; 
 limitations on the size of risks that may be insured by a single company; 
 filing of annual and other reports with respect to financial condition; 
 the amount of dividends and other payments made by insurance subsidiaries; 
 establishing reserves; 
 accounting and financing practices; 
 deposits of securities for the benefit of policyholders; 
 trade and marketing practices; 
 regulation of reinsurance; 
 approval of policy forms; and 
 use of personal information, including cybersecurity regulations . 
 
 Insurance holding companies are subject to periodic examinations and the regulation of acquisitions, intercompany transactions and changes in control, among other regulations, by state regulators. 
 
 The Company and its subsidiaries are also subject to certain federal regulations established by the Office of the Comptroller of Currency, the Federal Reserve and various other governmental agencies. 
 13 

The Company s other businesses also operate within state and federal guidelines. Any changes in the regulatory environment could restrict its existing or future operations and could possibly make it more burdensome and costly to conduct them. 
 
 New regulations, or differing interpretations of existing laws, could change business processes, products and services and have a negative impact on the Company s results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 A downgrade from a rating agency could result in a loss of underwriting business. 
 
 The competitive positions of title insurance companies rely partly on ratings published by independent rating services. Government-sponsored entities and lending institutions utilize these ratings, among other items, to evaluate a title insurer s strength and stability. The Company s title insurance subsidiaries are currently rated by A.M. Best Company and Demotech, Inc. The ratings issued by independent rating agencies are not credit ratings, but represent the opinion of the individual rating agency regarding the title insurance subsidiaries financial strength, operating performance, and ability to meet policyholder obligations. These insurer ratings are subject to periodic review and there can be no assurance that the Company s insurance subsidiaries will maintain their current respective ratings. A significant downgrade in the ratings of either of the Company s insurance subsidiaries could negatively impact the ability to compete for new business, retain existing business and maintain the necessary licenses to operate as title insurance companies in various states. 
 
 Title insurance rate regulation could have an adverse impact on the Company s results of operations. 
 
 Rates for title insurance vary by state and are subject to extensive regulation. Statutes generally provide that rates must not be excessive, inadequate or unfairly discriminatory. The process of implementing a rate change in most states involves pre-approval by the applicable state insurance regulator. These regulations could impact the Company s ability to adjust prices in the face of rapidly changing market conditions, which could adversely affect results of operations. 
 
 Regulatory investigations of the title insurance industry by governmental entities could adversely impact the Company s results of operations. 
 
 The title insurance industry is subject to scrutiny by both federal and state regulators focusing on violations of state insurance codes, RESPA and similar state and federal laws, among others. The Company s insurance subsidiaries occasionally receive inquiries from regulators involving market conduct. Future inquiries could lead to fines for violations, settlements with regulating authorities that could result in fines or requirements to pay claims, and the potential for further regulation. The results of future inquiries could adversely affect the Company s results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 The Company relies on distributions from its insurance subsidiaries . 
 
 The Company is an insurance holding company and it has no substantial operations of its own. Its principal assets are investments in its operating subsidiaries, primarily its insurance subsidiaries. The Company s ability to pay dividends and meet its obligations is dependent, among other factors, on the ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends or repay intercompany loans. The Company s insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulations that limit the amount of dividends, loans or advances they may make to the Company. The restriction on these amounts is based on the amount of the insurance subsidiaries unassigned surplus and net income, with certain adjustments. Additionally, these subsidiaries are required to maintain minimum amounts of capital, surplus and reserves. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 110.3 million of consolidated shareholders equity represented the net assets of the Company s subsidiaries that cannot be transferred in the form of dividends, loans or advances to the Company. In general, dividends in excess of prescribed limits are deemed extraordinary and require prior approval by the appropriate regulatory body. In addition, the Company s ability to pay dividends may be constrained by business considerations, such as the impact of dividends on insurer ratings or competitive position. These dividend restrictions could limit the Company s ability to pay dividends to its shareholders or fund growth opportunities. 
 
 14 

RISKS RELATED TO INVESTMENTS AND DEPOSITS 
 
 Deterioration in financial markets may cause a decline in the performance of the Company s investments and could have a material adverse impact on net income. 
 
 The Company derives a substantial portion of its income from its investment portfolio that primarily includes fixed maturity securities, equity securities and short-term investments. The Company s investment policy is designed to comply with regulatory requirements and to balance the competing objectives of asset quality and investment returns. The Company s investment portfolio is subject to risk from changes in general economic conditions, prices of marketable fixed maturity securities and equity securities, interest rates, liquidity, credit markets, and other external factors. The risk of loss is increased during periods of economic uncertainty and tight credit markets as these factors could limit the ability of some issuers to repay their debt obligations. 
 
 Fixed maturity securities and equity securities are carried at estimated fair value on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Changes in the estimated fair value of fixed maturity securities are recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income. Fixed maturity securities are regularly reviewed for differences between the cost and estimated fair value of each security for factors indicating impairment that would result in the value of the investment being written down. Unrealized holding gains and losses on equity securities are reported in the Consolidated Statements of Operations as changes in the estimated fair value of equity security investments, without regard to impairment. Changes in the estimated fair value of securities in the Company s investment portfolio could have a material adverse effect on the Company s results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Financial institution failures could adversely affect the Company. 
 
 The Company has substantial deposits with financial institutions, including fiduciary deposits that are owned by third parties. There is no guarantee the Company, whether through the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or otherwise, would recover the funds it has deposited should one or more of the financial institutions at which the Company maintains deposits fail. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO CYBERSECURITY, TECHNOLOGY AND RISK MANAGEMENT 
 
 Breaches and failures of, and other disruptions to, information technology systems of the Company or its service providers may disrupt the Company s operations, result in monetary losses and harm the Company s reputation. 
 
 The Company relies on information technology IT systems for a wide range of activities involved in the delivery of its products and services, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 
 process title insurance applications and policy issuances; 
 perform due diligence on land titles; 
 manage substantial cash, investment assets, bank deposits, trust assets and escrow account balances on behalf of the Company and its customers; 
 manage billing, collections and payables, including insurance premiums and agent commissions; 
 manage accounting and financial reporting; and 
 manage payroll and human resources information. 
 
 The Company s IT systems may be disrupted or fail, and information stolen or otherwise misappropriated, for a number of reasons, including, but not limited to: 
 
 hacking, computer viruses, malware, ransomware or other cyberattacks; 
 software bugs , hardware defects or human error; 
 natural disasters, like fires, or pandemics; or 
 power loss. 
 
 Any of these events could disrupt operations both internally and externally, which may result in the loss of revenues. These events could also result in the unauthorized release of proprietary and/or non-public information, or even defalcation of corporate or client funds. 
 
 15 

Like all companies, the Company s IT systems have been, and likely will continue to be, the target of computer viruses, cyberattacks, phishing attacks and other malicious activity. While the Company has not experienced a known material breach to date, the occurrence or scope of such events is not always immediately apparent and there can be no assurance that the Company will not suffer additional attacks or incur serious financial consequences or expense in the future. The Company invests resources in maintaining the security of its systems and adapting to evolving security threats. There is, however, no guarantee that its security measures will be adequate to prevent all cyberattacks. There is similarly no guarantee that the Company s backup systems or disaster recovery procedures will be adequate to mitigate losses due to IT system disruptions in a timely fashion, and the Company may incur significant expense in correcting IT system emergencies. The Company s reputation may also be damaged in the event of a serious IT breach or failure. Furthermore, as technology develops, and as cybercriminals become more capable, the difficulty and expense of maintaining IT security and redundancy may increase. 
 
 To the extent the Company s IT systems store non-public personal information, and information about its employees, security breaches may expose the Company to other serious liabilities and reputational harm if such data is misappropriated. Non-public personal information may include, but is not limited to, names, addresses, social security numbers, and banking information. 
 
 Additionally, future or past business transactions (such as acquisitions or integrations) could expose the Company to additional cybersecurity risks and vulnerabilities, as the Company s systems could be negatively affected by vulnerabilities present in acquired or integrated entities systems and technologies. 
 
 In conducting its business and delivering its products and services, the Company also utilizes service providers. These service providers and the IT systems they utilize are typically subject to similar types of risks that the Company faces. The Company provides certain of these service providers with data, including non-public personal information. There is no guarantee that the Company s due diligence or ongoing vendor oversight will be sufficient to ensure the integrity and security of the systems utilized by these service providers or the protection of the information that resides thereon. 
 
 Furthermore, the Company is required by law and by certain contracts, particularly contracts with financial institutions, to notify various parties, consumers and customers in the event that confidential or personal information may have been or was accessed by unauthorized third parties. Such an event could potentially result in a breach of contract, and any required notifications could result in, among other things, the loss of customers, negative publicity, distraction of management, fines, lawsuits for breach of contract, regulatory inquiries or involvement and a decline in sales. 
 
 The Company seeks to mitigate the financial risk associated with unauthorized disclosure of non-public information by maintaining cyber liability insurance coverage. As cybercriminals continue to become more sophisticated, the costs to insure against cyberattacks have risen and may continue to rise in the future. 
 
 Any inability of the Company or its service providers to prevent or adequately respond to the issues described above could disrupt the Company s business, delay or impact the delivery of its products and services, inhibit its ability to retain existing customers or attract new customers, divert management s time and energy, otherwise harm its reputation and/or result in financial losses, litigation, regulatory inquiries, increased costs or other adverse consequences that could be material to the Company. 
 
 Errors and fraud involving the transfer of funds may adversely affect the Company. 
 
 The Company relies on its systems, employees and banks to transfer its own funds and the funds of third parties. These transfers are susceptible to user input error, fraud, system interruptions and other similar errors that could result in lost funds or delayed transactions. The Company s email and computer systems, along with systems used by other parties involved in the transactions, have been subject to, and are likely to continue to be the target of, fraudulent attacks, including attempts to cause the improper transfer of funds. Funds transferred to a fraudulent recipient are often not recoverable and, in certain instances, the Company may be liable for those unrecovered funds. These attacks have increased in frequency and sophistication. The controls and procedures used by the Company to prevent transfer errors and fraud may prove inadequate, resulting in financial losses, reputational harm, loss of customers or other adverse consequences which could be material to the Company. 
 
 The Company may encounter difficulties managing system or technological changes, which could adversely affect its financial and operating results. 
 
 Technological changes in the title insurance industry are driven primarily by evolution in technology, competitive factors and regulatory changes. These changes have resulted in faster information delivery and efficient, highly automated production processes. The inability of the Company to manage, develop or successfully implement new systems or technological changes could negatively impact profitability. 
 
 16 

Policies and procedures for the mitigation of risk may not be sufficient. 
 
 The Company has policies and procedures in place to help identify, analyze, and measure the risks associated with the issuance of title insurance policies, investment risks, interest rate risks and legal risks, among others. In evaluating risks, the Company considers enterprise risk management, information technology risk management, disaster recovery, business continuity, and vendor risk management. Because a significant degree of judgment is involved with the establishment of policies and processes as well as the measurement of risks, it is possible not all risks have been identified or anticipated. Misidentified or unanticipated risks could adversely impact the Company and its results of operations. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO THE EFFECTS OF CLIMATE CHANGE, SEVERE WEATHER CONDITIONS, POTENTIAL PANDEMICS, HEALTH CRISES, OR OTHER CATASTROPHIC EVENTS 
 
 Our business could be adversely affected by climate change, severe weather conditions, potential pandemics, health crises, or the occurrence of another catastrophic event. 
 
 Climate change, extreme weather conditions and catastrophic events, such as future pandemic diseases, natural disasters and terrorist attacks, could have a material adverse effect on the Company s future results of operations and financial condition. The Company s business operations could be impacted, including availability of key Company personnel or the Company s information technology systems, by volatility of real estate prices, significant climate migration, and disruptions to the real estate environment or financial markets. Given the unpredictable nature of these events with respect to size, severity, duration and geographic location, it is not currently possible to quantify the ultimate impact that they may have on the Company s business. 
 
 COVID-19 or other potential pandemics could continue to affect the Company in a number of ways including, but not limited to, the impact of employees becoming ill, quarantined, or otherwise unable to work or travel due to illness or governmental restriction, potential decreases in net premiums written in the future, and future fluctuations in the Company's investment portfolio. 
 
 RISKS RELATED TO OWNING THE COMPANY S COMMON STOCK 
 
 Certain provisions in the Company s organizational law, North Carolina law, organizational documents, and the Company s shareholder rights plan may deter or discourage a takeover of the Company. 
 
 The Company s articles of incorporation, as amended (the Articles and amended and restated bylaws (the Bylaws contain certain provisions that could delay, prevent or discourage transactions involving actual or potential changes of control, including transactions that may involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices to the Company s common shareholders. In addition, the Company has adopted a shareholder rights plan (the Plan ). The provisions in the Company s organizational documents and the rights set forth in the Plan are not intended to prevent a takeover of the Company, and the Company believes these protective measures are beneficial to the Company and its shareholders in the event of negotiations with a potential acquirer. These provisions are described in further detail in Description of the Company s Securities incorporated by reference as Exhibit 4.1 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 17 

The Company s Bylaws provide that, unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the state courts of North Carolina will be the sole and exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between the Company s and its shareholders. 
 
 The Bylaws provide that, unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought in the name or right of the Company or on its behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of Company to the Company or its shareholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the North Carolina Business Corporation Act (the NCBCA ), the Articles, or the Bylaws, (iv) any action to interpret, apply, enforce, or determine the validity of the Articles or the Bylaws, or (v) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, including, without limitation, any action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of the Articles or the Bylaws, shall be the state courts of North Carolina in and for Orange County, North Carolina, subject to designation or assignment to the North Carolina Business Court (or, if no state court located within the State of North Carolina has jurisdiction, the United States District Court for the Middle District of North Carolina). The Bylaws also provide that, notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) the provisions described above will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction, and (b) unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action against the Company or any director, officer, employee, or agent of the Company and arising under the Securities Act (however, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such provision, and investors cannot waive compliance with federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder). The choice of forum provision may limit a shareholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with the Company or its directors, officers or other employees and may also result in increased costs for shareholders to bring any such claim, which may discourage such lawsuits against the Company and its directors, officers, and other employees. 
 
 If a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in the Bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, the Company may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm the Company s business, results of operations, and financial condition. Even if the Company is successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 The Company owns two adjacent office buildings and property located on the corner of North Columbia and West Rosemary streets in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, which serve as the Company s corporate headquarters. The main building contains approximately 23,000 square feet and has on-site parking facilities. The Company s subsidiaries, principally ITIC and NITIC, lease office space throughout North Carolina, South Carolina, Texas, Michigan, Florida, Georgia and Nebraska. The Company believes that each of the office facilities occupied by the Company and its subsidiaries are in good condition, adequately insured and sufficient for its present operations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 The Company and its subsidiaries are involved in legal proceedings that are incidental to their business. In the Company s opinion, based on the present status of these proceedings, any potential liability of the Company or its subsidiaries with respect to these legal proceedings, will not, in the aggregate, be material to the Company s consolidated financial condition or operations. Additional information about the Company s legal proceedings is included in Note 11 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not Applicable 
 
 18 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Common Stock Data and Dividends 
 
 The common stock of the Company is traded under the symbol ITIC on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. The number of record holders of common stock at December 31, 2022 was 212. The number of record holders is based upon the actual number of holders registered on the books of the Company at such date and does not include holders of shares in street name or persons, partnerships, associations, corporations or other entities identified in security position listings maintained by securities depositories. 
 
 The Company s current dividend policy anticipates the payment of quarterly dividends in the future. The declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will be dependent upon the Company s future earnings, financial condition and capital requirements. The Company s ability to pay dividends is also subject to certain regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends by its insurance subsidiaries as described in the Liquidity and Capital Resources section of Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The following table provides information about purchases by the Company (and all affiliated purchasers), during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, of equity securities that are registered by the Company pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act: 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities (unrounded) Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plan Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plan (1) Beginning of period 427,532 October 1 through October 31, 2022 427,532 November 1 through November 30, 2022 427,532 December 1 through December 31, 2022 316 146.11 316 427,216 Total 
 316 146.11 316 427,216 
 (1) On November 9, 2015, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the purchase of an additional 163,335 shares pursuant to the Company s repurchase plan, such that there was authority remaining under the plan to purchase up to an aggregate of 500,000 shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the plan immediately after this approval. During the quarter and year ended December 31, 2022, the Company purchased 316 and 945 shares of common stock under the Company s repurchase plan, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was authority remaining under the plan to purchase up to an aggregate of 427,216 shares of the Company s common stock. Unless terminated earlier by resolution of the Board of Directors, the plan will expire when all shares authorized for purchase under the plan (as such number may be amended by the Board from time to time) have been purchased. The Company anticipates making further purchases under this plan from time to time in the future, depending on such factors as the prevailing market price of the Company s common stock, the Company s available cash and the existing alternative uses for such cash. 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes in this report. The following discussion may contain forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events that are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. Actual results may vary. See the sections in this Annual Report on Form 10-K titled Safe Harbor and Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors included in Part I, Item 1A that could affect forward-looking statements. 
 
 19 

Overview 
 
 Investors Title Company (the Company is a holding company that engages primarily in issuing title insurance through two subsidiaries, Investors Title Insurance Company ITIC and National Investors Title Insurance Company NITIC ). Total revenues from the title segment accounted for 94.9 of the Company s revenues in 2022. Through ITIC and NITIC, the Company underwrites land title insurance for owners and mortgagees as a primary insurer. 
 
 Title insurance protects against loss or damage resulting from title defects that affect real property. When real property is conveyed from one party to another, occasionally there is an undisclosed defect in the title or a mistake or omission in a prior deed, will or mortgage that may give a third party a legal claim against such property. If a covered claim is made against real property, title insurance provides indemnification against insured defects. 
 
 There are two basic types of title insurance policies one for the mortgage lender and one for the real property owner. A lender often requires the property owner to purchase a lender s title insurance policy to protect its position as a holder of a mortgage loan, but the lender s title insurance policy does not protect the property owner. The property owner has to purchase a separate owner s title insurance policy to protect its investment. 
 
 The Company issues title insurance policies directly and through a network of agents. Issuing agents are typically real estate attorneys, independent agents or subsidiaries of community and regional mortgage lending institutions, depending on local customs and regulations and the Company s marketing strategy in a particular territory. The ability to attract and retain issuing agents is a key determinant of the Company s growth in title insurance premiums written. 
 
 Revenues for the title insurance segment primarily result from purchases of new and existing residential and commercial real estate, refinance activity and certain other types of mortgage lending such as home equity lines of credit. 
 
 Title insurance premiums vary from state to state and are subject to extensive regulation. Statutes generally provide that rates must not be excessive, inadequate or unfairly discriminatory. The process of implementing a rate change in most states involves pre-approval by the applicable state insurance regulator. 
 
 Volume is a factor in the Company s profitability due to fixed operating costs that are incurred by the Company regardless of title insurance premium volume. The resulting operating leverage tends to amplify the impact of changes in volume on the Company s profitability. The Company s profitability also depends, in part, upon its ability to manage its investment portfolio to maximize investment returns and to minimize risks such as interest rate changes, defaults and impairments of assets. 
 
 The Company s volume of title insurance premiums is affected by the overall level of residential and commercial real estate activity, which includes property sales, mortgage financing and mortgage refinancing. Real estate activity, home sales and mortgage lending are cyclical in nature. Real estate activity is affected by a number of factors, including the availability of mortgage credit, the cost of real estate, consumer confidence, employment and family income levels, and general United States economic conditions. Interest rate volatility is also an important factor in the level of residential and commercial real estate activity. 
 
 The Company s title insurance premiums in future periods are likely to fluctuate due to these and other factors which are beyond management s control. 
 
 Services other than title insurance provided by operating divisions of the Company are not reported separately, but rather are reported collectively in a category called All Other . These other services include those offered by the Company and by its wholly owned subsidiaries, Investors Title Exchange Corporation ITEC ), Investors Title Accommodation Corporation ITAC ), Investors Trust Company Investors Trust and Investors Title Management Services, Inc. ITMS ). 
 
 20 

The Company s exchange services division, consisting of the operations of ITEC and ITAC, provides customer services in connection with tax-deferred real property exchanges. ITEC acts as a qualified intermediary in tax-deferred exchanges of real property held for productive use in a trade or business or for investment, and its income is derived from fees for handling exchange transactions and interest earned on client deposits held by the Company. In its role as qualified intermediary, ITEC coordinates the exchange aspects of the real estate transaction, and its duties include drafting standard exchange documents, holding the exchange funds between the time the old property is sold and the new property is purchased, and accepting the formal identification of the replacement property within the required identification period. ITAC provides services as an exchange accommodation titleholder for accomplishing parking transactions as set forth in the safe harbor contained in Internal Revenue Procedure 2000-37. These transactions include reverse exchanges when taxpayers decide to acquire replacement property before selling the relinquished property, or build to suit exchanges, when improvements must be made to the replacement property before the taxpayer acquires the improved replacement property. The services provided by the Company s exchange services division, ITEC and ITAC, are pursuant to provisions in the IRC. From time to time, these laws are subject to review and changes, which may negatively affect the demand for tax-deferred exchanges in general, and consequently, the revenues and profitability of the Company s exchange services division. 
 
 The Company s trust services division, Investors Trust, provides investment management and trust services to individuals, companies, banks and trusts. 
 
 ITMS offers various consulting and management services to provide clients with the technical expertise to start and successfully operate a title insurance agency. 

Business Trends and Recent Conditions 
 
 The housing market is heavily influenced by government policies and overall economic conditions. Regulatory reform and initiatives by various governmental agencies, including the Federal Reserve's monetary policy and other regulatory changes, could impact lending standards or the processes and procedures used by the Company. The current real estate environment, including interest rates and general economic activity, typically influence the demand for real estate. Changes in either of these areas, in addition to ongoing supply constraints and volatility in the cost and availability of building materials, could impact the Company's results of operations in future periods. 
 
 COVID-19 could continue to affect the Company in a number of ways including, but not limited to, the impact of employees becoming ill, quarantined, or otherwise unable to work or travel due to illness or governmental restriction, potential decreases in net premiums written in the future, and future fluctuations in the Company's investment portfolio. 
 
 The current period of inflation, as well as ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, has created additional volatile market conditions and uncertainties in the global economy. These events have impacted and could continue to impact the Company in a number of ways including, but not limited to, future fluctuations in the Company's investment portfolio and potential decreases in net premiums written. The Federal Open Market Committee FOMC of the Federal Reserve has been highly attentive to the risks that these events have created, and in response has been raising the target federal funds rate at recent meetings. Although the federal funds rate does not directly impact mortgage interest rates, it can have a significant influence as lenders pass on the costs of rate increases to consumers. Higher mortgage interest rates have impacted the demand and pricing of real estate. 
 
 Regulatory Environment 
 
 The FOMC issues disclosures on a periodic basis that include projections of the federal funds rate and expected actions. The FOMC had maintained a target range between 0.00 and 0.25 from March 2020 until March 2022, when the target federal funds rate range was increased to between 0.25 and 0.50 . The target federal funds rate range was further raised at subsequent meetings, with the FOMC's most recent change increasing the target range in February 2023 to between 4.50 and 4.75 . The FOMC has noted that it anticipates that ongoing increases in the target range will be appropriate and, in addition, has decided to continue with balance sheet holdings reductions that began in May of 2022. In norm al economic situations, future adjustments to the FOMC s stance of monetary policy are expected to be based on realized and expected economic developments to achieve maximum employment and inflation near the FOMC's symmetric long-term 2.0 objective. 
 
 21 

Real Estate Environment 
 
 The Mortgage Bankers Association's MBA January 19, 2023 Mortgage Finance Forecast MBA Forecast projects 2023 purchase activity to decrease 8.8 to 1,439 billion and refinance activity to decrease 32.7 to 449 billion, resulting in a decrease in total mortgage originations of 15.9 to 1,888 billion, all from 2022 levels. In 2022, purchase activity accounted for 70.3 of all mortgage originations and is projected in the MBA Forecast to represent 76.2 of all mortgage originations in 2023. According to data published by Freddie Mac, the average 30-year fixed mortgage interest rates in the United States were 5.3 and 3.0 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Per the MBA Forecast, mortgage interest rates are projected to decrease over the subsequent 3-year period, reaching 4.4 in 2025. Due to the rapidly changing environment that has continued to be influenced by COVID-19, supply constraints, inflationary pressures and geopolitical conflicts, these projections and the impact of actual future developments on the Company could be subject to material change. 
 
 Historically, activity in real estate markets has varied over the course of market cycles by geographic region and in response to evolving economic factors. Operating results can vary from year to year based on cyclical market conditions and do not necessarily indicate the Company's future operating results and cash flows. 

Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies 
 
 The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP and follow general practices within the industries in which it operates. This preparation requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. These estimates and assumptions are based on information available as of the date of the financial statements; accordingly, as this information changes, actual results could differ from the estimates and assumptions reflected in the financial statements. Certain estimates inherently have a greater reliance on the use of assumptions and judgments and, as such, have a greater possibility of producing results that could be materially different than originally reported. Management believes the following estimates are both important to the portrayal of the Company s financial condition and results of operations and require subjective or complex judgments and, therefore, management considers the following to be critical accounting estimates. 
 
 Reserve for Claim Losses 
 
 The Company s reserve for claims is established using estimates of amounts required to settle claims for which notice has been received (reported) and the amount estimated to be required to satisfy incurred claims of policyholders which may be reported in the future (incurred but not reported, or IBNR ). The total reserve for all losses incurred but unpaid as of December 31, 2022 is represented by the reserve for claims totaling 37.2 million in the Consolidated Balance Sheets included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Consolidated Balance Sheets ). Of that total, approximately 3.3 million was reserved for specific claims which have been reported to the Company, and approximately 33.9 million was reserved for IBNR claims. 
 
 A provision for estimated future claims payments is recorded at the time the related policy revenue is recorded. The Company records the claims provision estimate as a percentage of net premiums written. In making loss estimates, management determines a loss provision rate, which it then applies to net premiums written. This loss provision rate is set to provide for losses on current year policies. By their nature, title claims can often be complex, vary greatly in dollar amounts, vary in number due to economic and market conditions such as an increase in mortgage foreclosures, and involve uncertainties as to ultimate exposure. In addition, some claims may require a number of years to settle and determine the final liability for indemnity and loss adjustment expense. The payment experience may extend for more than 20 years after the issuance of a policy. Events such as fraud, defalcation and multiple property defects can substantially and unexpectedly cause increases in estimates of losses. Due to the length of time over which claim payments are made and regularly occurring changes in underlying economic and market conditions, these estimates are subject to variability. 
 
 Management considers factors such as the Company s historical claims experience, case reserve estimates on reported claims, large claims, actuarial projections and other relevant factors in determining its loss provision rates and the aggregate recorded expected liability for claims. In establishing the reserve, actuarial projections are compared with recorded reserves to evaluate the adequacy of such recorded claims reserves and any necessary adjustments are then recorded in the current period s Consolidated Statement of Operations. Loss ratios for earlier years tend to be more reliable than recent policy years as those years are more fully developed. As the most recent claims experience develops and new information becomes available, the loss reserve estimate related to prior periods will change to more accurately reflect updated and improved emerging data. The Company reflects any adjustments to the reserve in the results of operations in the period in which new information (principally claims experience) becomes available. 
 
 The Company initially reserves for each known claim based upon an assessment of specific facts and updates the reserve amount as necessary over the course of administering each claim. 
 22 

The Company assumes the reported liability for known claims and IBNR, in the aggregate, will be comparable to its historical claims experience unless factors, such as loss experience and charged premium rates, change significantly. Also affecting the Company s assumptions are large losses related to fraud and defalcation, as these can cause significant variances in loss emergence patterns. Management defines a large loss as one where incurred losses exceed 500,000. Due to the small volume of large claims, the long-tail nature of title insurance claims and the inherent uncertainty in loss emergence patterns, large claim activity can vary significantly between policy years. The estimated development of large claims by policy year is, therefore, subject to significant changes as experience develops. The loss provision rate is set to provide for losses on current year policies and changes in prior year estimates. 
 
 Management also considers actuarial analyses in evaluating the claims reserve. The actuarial methods used to evaluate the reserve are loss development methods, Bornhuetter-Ferguson methods and Cape Cod methods, all of which are accepted actuarial methods for estimating ultimate losses and, therefore, loss reserves. In the loss development method, each policy year s paid or incurred losses are projected to an ultimate level using loss development factors. In the Bornhuetter-Ferguson method, a type of expected loss method, losses for each policy year are estimated based on an expected loss ratio derived directly from a previous estimate of ultimate loss for each policy year plus an additional provision for losses that have not been reported or paid as of the evaluation date. Bornhuetter-Ferguson methods produce more stable ultimate loss estimates than do loss development methods, which are more responsive to the current loss data but can lead to volatile results. The Cape Cod method, a special case of the Bornhuetter-Ferguson method, blends the results of the loss development and expected loss methods. For more recent policy years, the Cape Cod methods give more weight to the results of the expected loss methods; for older policy years, more weight is given to the loss development method results. 
 
 The key actuarial assumptions are principally loss development factors and expected loss ratios. The selected loss development factors are based on a combination of the Company s historical loss experience and title industry loss experience. Expected loss ratios are estimated for each policy year based on the Company s own experience and title industry loss ratios. When updated data is incorporated into the actuarial models, the resulting loss development factors and expected loss ratios will likely change from the prior values. Changes in these values for historical policy years have generally been the result of actual Company and industry experience during the calendar years. 
 
 If one or more of the variables or assumptions used changed such that the Company s recorded loss ratio, or loss provision as a percentage of net title premiums, increased or decreased three loss ratio percentage points, the impact on after-tax income for the year ended December 31, 2022 would be as follows: 
 (in thousands) Increase in loss ratio of three percentage points (5,893) Decrease in loss ratio of three percentage points 5,893 
 
 Company management believes that using a sensitivity of three loss percentage points for the loss ratio provides a reasonable benchmark for analysis of the calendar year loss provision of the Company based on historical loss ratios by year. 
 
 Despite the variability of such estimates, management believes that, based on historical claims experience and actuarial analysis, the Company s reserve for claims is adequate to cover claim losses resulting from pending and future claims for policies issued through December 31, 2022. The ultimate settlement of claims will likely vary from the reserve estimates included in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company continually reviews and adjusts its reserve estimates to reflect its loss experience and any new information that becomes available. There are no known claims that are expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position or operating results. 
 
 Premiums Written and Commissions to Agents 
 
 Generally, title insurance premiums are recognized at the time of settlement of the related real estate transaction, as the earnings process is then considered complete, irrespective of the timing of the issuance of a title insurance policy or commitment. Expenses typically associated with premiums, including agent commissions, premium taxes, and a provision for future claims are recognized concurrent with recognition of related premium revenue. 
 
 23 

Total premiums include an estimate of premiums for policies that have been issued directly and by agents, but not reported to the Company as of the balance sheet date. To determine the estimated premiums, the Company uses historical experience, as well as other factors, to make certain assumptions about the average elapsed time between the policy effective date and the date the policies are reported. Reporting lag times vary by market. In certain markets, the lag time may be very short, but in others, can be as high as three months. From time to time, the Company adjusts the inputs to the estimation process as branches and agents report transactions and new information becomes available. The Company reviews and adjusts lag time estimates periodically, using historical experience and other factors, and reflects any adjustments in the result of operations in the period in which new information becomes available. 
 
 Quarterly, the Company evaluates the collectability of receivables. Write-offs of receivables have not been material to the Company. 
 
 Valuation, Impairment and Credit Losses of Investments in Securities 
 
 Investments in Fixed Maturity Securities: Fixed maturity securities are classified as available-for-sale and reported at estimated fair value with unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, reported as accumulated other comprehensive income. Securities are regularly reviewed for differences between the cost and estimated fair value of each security indicating impairment. Factors considered in determining whether the impairment is credit-related include the financial condition and prospects of the issuer (including credit ratings and analyst reports) and macro-economic changes. If the Company intends to sell an available-for-sale security in an unrealized loss position, or determines that it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the security before it recovers its amortized cost basis, the security is impaired and it is written down to estimated fair value with all losses recognized in earnings. For available-for-sale fixed maturity securities in an unrealized loss position for which the Company does not intend to sell the security, the Company evaluates the securities to determine whether the decline in the estimated fair value below the amortized cost basis (impairment) is due to credit-related factors or noncredit-related factors. Any impairment that is not credit-related is recognized in other comprehensive loss, net of applicable taxes. Credit-related impairment is recognized as an allowance for credit losses ACL on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, limited to the amount by which the amortized cost basis exceeds the estimated fair value, with a corresponding adjustment to earnings. 
 
 Both the ACL and the adjustment to the Consolidated Statements of Operations may be reversed if conditions change. Changes in the ACL are recorded as provision for (or reversal of) credit loss expense. Losses are charged against the ACL when management believes the uncollectability of an available-for-sale fixed maturity security is confirmed or when certain criteria regarding intent or requirement to sell is met. Accrued interest receivable is excluded from the estimate of credit losses. Impairment reviews are inherently uncertain and the value of the investment may not fully recover or may decline in future periods resulting in a realized loss. Realized gains and losses are determined on the specific identification method. Refer to Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about the Company s investments in fixed maturity securities. 
 
 Investments in Equity Securities: Equity securities represent ownership interests held by the Company in entities for investment purposes. Unrealized holding gains and losses are reported in the Consolidated Statements of Operations as changes in the estimated fair value of equity security investments. Realized investment gains and losses from sales are recorded on the trade date and are determined using the specific identification method. Refer to Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about the Company s investments in equity securities. 
 
 Other Investments: Other investments consist of investments in real estate and unconsolidated affiliated entities, typically structured as limited liability companies ("LLCs"), without readily determinable fair values. 
 
 Real estate investments are reported at amortized cost. The Company monitors any events or changes in circumstances that may have had a significant adverse effect on the fair value of real estate investments and makes any necessary adjustments, with any reductions in the carrying amount of these investments recorded in net realized investment gains in the Consolidated Statement of Operations when recognized. 
 
 Other investments are accounted for under either the equity method or the measurement alternative method. The measurement alternative method is used when an investment does not qualify for the equity method or an estimated fair value using the net asset value per share. Under the measurement alternative method, investments are recorded at cost, less any impairment and plus or minus any changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for an identical or similar investment of the same issuer. The Company monitors any events or changes in circumstances that may have had a significant adverse effect on the estimated fair value of these investments and makes any necessary adjustments. 
 
 The fair values of the majority of the Company s investments are based on quoted market prices from independent pricing services. Refer to Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information about the Company s valuation techniques. 
 
 24 

Deferred Taxes 
 
 The Company recorded net deferred tax liabilities at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The deferred tax liabilities recorded during both periods primarily relate to net unrealized gains on investments, the excess of tax over book depreciation, intangible assets, and the recorded statutory premium reserve, net of reserve for claims. Refer to Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on the Company s deferred taxes. 

Cyclicality and Seasonality 
 
 Real estate activity, home sales and mortgage lending are cyclical in nature. Title insurance premiums are closely related to the level of real estate activity and the average price of real estate sales. Real estate activity is affected by a number of factors, including the availability of mortgage credit, the cost of real estate, consumer confidence, employment and family income levels, and general United States economic conditions. Interest rate volatility is also an important factor in the level of residential and commercial real estate activity. The Company s premiums in future periods are likely to fluctuate due to these and other factors which are beyond management s control. 
 
 Historically, the title insurance business tends to be seasonal as well as cyclical. Because home sales are typically strongest in periods of favorable weather, the first calendar quarter tends to have the lowest activity levels, while the spring and summer seasons tend to be more active. Refinance activity is generally less seasonal, but is subject to interest rate fluctuations. 

Results of Operations 
 
 The following table presents certain Consolidated Statements of Operations data for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 Revenues: Net premiums written 248,632 273,885 Escrow and other title-related fees 21,721 13,678 Non-title services 14,524 9,667 Interest and dividends 4,704 3,773 Other investment income 3,896 6,920 Net realized investment gains 9,735 1,869 Changes in the estimated fair value of equity security investments (20,961) 14,934 Other 1,141 4,772 Total Revenues 283,392 329,498 Operating Expenses: Commissions to agents 121,566 142,815 Provision for claims 4,255 5,686 Personnel expenses 85,331 64,193 Office and technology expenses 17,323 13,059 Other expenses 24,809 18,813 Total Operating Expenses 253,284 244,566 Income before Income Taxes 30,108 84,932 Provision for Income Taxes 6,205 17,912 Net Income 23,903 67,020 
 
 25 

Insurance Revenues 
 
 Insurance revenues include net premiums written and escrow and other title-related income that includes escrow fees, commissions and settlement fees. Non-title services revenue, investment-related revenues and other income are discussed separately below. The following is a summary of the Company s total revenue broken out between the title insurance segment and all other income with intersegment eliminations netted with each segment; therefore, the individual segment amounts will not agree to Note 12 in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 (in thousands, except percentages) 2022 2021 Title Insurance 269,004 94.9 310,592 94.3 All Other 14,388 5.1 18,906 5.7 Total 283,392 100.0 329,498 100.0 
 
 Net Premiums Written 
 
 Net premiums written decreased 9.2 in 2022 to 248.6 million, compared with 273.9 million in 2021. The decrease in 2022, compared with 2021, was primarily driven by an overall decline in the level of real estate transaction volumes resulting from higher average mortgage interest rates. 
 
 Total premiums include an estimate of premiums for policies that have been issued directly and by agents, but not reported to the Company as of the balance sheet date. To determine the estimated premiums, the Company uses historical experience, as well as other factors, to make certain assumptions about the average elapsed time between the policy effective date and the date the policies are reported. From time to time, the Company adjusts the inputs to the estimation process as reported transactions and new information becomes available from direct and agency business. In addition to estimating revenues, the Company also estimates and accrues agent commissions, claims provision, premium taxes, income taxes, and other expenses associated with the estimated revenues that have been accrued. The Company reflects any adjustments to the accruals in the results of operations in the period in which new information becomes available. 
 
 Title insurance companies typically issue title insurance policies directly or through title agencies. Following is a breakdown of net premiums generated by direct and agency operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, with certain balances for 2021 reclassified to conform to the 2022 presentation. 
 (in thousands, except percentages) 2022 2021 Direct 85,676 34.5 82,085 30.0 Agency 162,956 65.5 191,800 70.0 Total 248,632 100.0 273,885 100.0 
 
 Direct Net Premiums : The Company's direct business consists of operations at the home office, branch offices, and wholly owned title insurance agencies. In the Company's direct operations, the Company issues a title insurance policy and retains the entire premium, as no commissions are recognized in connection with these policies. Net premiums written from direct operations increased 4.4 in 2022 to 85.7 million, compared with 82.1 million in 2021. The increase in net premiums written from direct operations for 2022, compared with 2021, was primarily attributable to higher average home prices and increased premiums written by wholly owned agencies in our Texas market, partially offset by a decline in transaction volume associated with higher mortgage interest rates. 
 
 Agency Net Premiums : When a policy is written through a non-wholly owned title agency, the premium is shared between the agency and the underwriter. The agent retains a majority of the premium as a commission and remits the net amount to the Company. Title insurance commissions earned by the Company s agents are recognized as expenses concurrently with premium recognition. Agency net premiums written decreased 15.0 in 2022 to 163.0 million, compared with 191.8 million in 2021. The decrease in 2022, compared with 2021, was primarily attributable to an overall decline in the level of real estate transaction volume following the rise in mortgage interest rates, partially offset by higher average home prices. 
 
 26 

The following is a schedule of net premiums written in select states in which the Company s two insurance subsidiaries, ITIC and NITIC, currently underwrite title insurance: 
 State (in thousands) 2022 2021 North Carolina 88,777 99,049 Texas 72,278 62,557 South Carolina 23,454 24,981 Georgia 22,954 34,619 All Others 41,987 53,197 Premiums Written 249,450 274,403 Reinsurance Assumed Reinsurance Ceded (818) (518) Net Premiums Written 248,632 273,885 
 
 The increase in net premiums written in the state of Texas in 2022, compared with 2021, primarily resulted from the Company s recent acquisitions of title insurance agencies doing business in the state of Texas. The Company evaluates nonorganic growth opportunities, such as acquisitions of title insurance agencies, from time to time in the ordinary course of business. 
 
 Escrow and Other Title-Related Fees 
 
 Escrow and other title-related fees consists primarily of commission income, escrow and other various fees associated with the issuance of a title insurance policy including settlement, examination and closing fees. In 2022, escrow and other title-related fee revenue increased 58.8 to 21.7 million, compared with 13.7 million in 2021, primarily due to a larger share of business in markets that generate escrow income, and fee income associated with commercial activity. 

Revenue from Non-Title Services 
 
 Revenue from non-title services includes trust services, agency management services and exchange services income. Non-title service revenues increased 50.2 in 2022 to 14.5 million, compared with 9.7 million in 2021. The increase in 2022, compared with 2021, primarily related to increases in like-kind exchange revenues. 

Investment Related Revenues 
 
 Investment related revenues include interest and dividends, other investment income, net realized investment gains and changes in the estimated fair value of equity security investments. 
 
 Interest and Dividends 
 
 The Company derives a substantial portion of its income from investments in fixed maturity securities, which are primarily municipal and corporate fixed maturity securities, and equity securities. The Company s investment policy is designed to comply with regulatory requirements and to balance the competing objectives of asset quality and investment returns. The Company s title insurance subsidiaries are required by statute to maintain minimum levels of investments in order to protect the interests of policyholders. Fixed maturity securities totaling approximately 6.7 million and 7.0 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were deposited with the insurance departments of the states in which business is conducted. 
 
 The Company s investment strategy emphasizes after-tax income and principal preservation. The Company s investments are primarily in fixed maturity securities and, to a lesser extent, equity securities. The average effective maturity of the majority of the fixed maturity securities is less than 10 years. The Company s invested assets are managed to fund its obligations and evaluated to ensure long term stability of capital accounts. 
 
 27 

As the Company generates cash from operations, it is invested in accordance with the Company s investment policy and corporate goals. The Company s investment policy has been designed to balance multiple goals, including the assurance of a stable source of income from interest and dividends, the preservation of principal, and the provision of liquidity sufficient to meet insurance underwriting and other obligations as they become payable in the future. Securities purchased may include a combination of taxable or tax-exempt fixed maturity securities and equity securities. The Company also invests in short-term investments that typically include money market funds, and, at times, the Company has or could invest in U.S. Treasury bills, commercial paper and certificates of deposit. The Company strives to maintain a high quality investment portfolio. In 2022, ongoing evaluation of changing business and financial market conditions led to portions of cash flow from operations, and certain amounts resulting from sales and maturities in the company s investment portfolio, to be invested in short term investments to take advantage of elevated short-term interest rates. 
 
 Interest and dividends were 4.7 million in 2022, compared with 3.8 million in 2021. Interest and investment income levels are primarily a function of general market performance, interest rates and the amount of cash available for investment. Refer to Note 3 in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements for the major categories of investments, scheduled maturities, amortized costs, estimated fair values of investment securities and earnings by security category. 
 
 Other Investment Income 
 
 Other investment income consists primarily of income related to investments in unconsolidated affiliates, typically structured as LLCs, accounted for under either the equity method of accounting or the measurement alternative for investments that do not have readily determinable fair values. The measurement alternative method requires investments without readily determinable fair values to be recorded at cost, less impairments, and plus or minus any changes resulting from observable price changes. The Company monitors any events or changes in circumstances that may have had a significant adverse effect on the fair value of these investments and makes any necessary adjustments. 
 
 Other investment income was 3.9 million in 2022, compared with 6.9 million in 2021. Changes in other investment income are impacted by fluctuations in the carrying value of the underlying investment and/or distributions received. 
 
 Net Realized Investment Gains 
 
 Dispositions of equity securities at a realized gain or loss reflect such factors as industry sector allocation decisions, ongoing assessments of issuers business prospects and tax planning considerations. Additionally, the amounts included in net realized investment gains are affected by assessments of securities valuation for impairment. As a result of the interaction of these factors and considerations, the net realized investment gain or loss can vary significantly from period to period. 
 
 The net realized investment gains were 9.7 million for 2022, compared with 1.9 million for 2021. The net realized gain on the sales of investments and other assets of 9.9 million in 2022 was partially offset by impairment charges of 172 thousand for certain fixed maturity securities where the intent to hold had changed in 2022. There were no impairment charges recorded in 2021. Management believes unrealized losses on the remaining fixed maturity securities at December 31, 2022 are not credit-related. 
 
 The securities in the Company s investment portfolio are subject to economic conditions and market risks. The Company considers relevant facts and circumstances in evaluating whether a credit or interest-related impairment of a fixed maturity security has occurred. Relevant facts and circumstances include the extent and length of time the fair value of an investment has been below cost. 
 
 There are a number of risks and uncertainties inherent in the process of monitoring impairments and determining if an impairment exists. These risks and uncertainties include the risk that the economic outlook will be worse than expected or have more of an impact on the issuer than anticipated; the risk that the Company s assessment of an issuer s ability to meet all of its contractual obligations will change based on changes in the characteristics of that issuer; the risk that information obtained by the Company or changes in other facts and circumstances leads management to change its intent to sell the fixed maturity security; and the risk that management is making decisions based on inaccurate information in the financial statements provided by issuers. 
 
 Changes in the Estimated Fair Value of Equity Security Investments 
 
 Changes in the estimated fair value of equity security investments were (21.0) million in 2022 and 14.9 million in 2021. Such fluctuations are the result of changes in general market conditions during the respective periods. All major indices experienced significant declines in 2022. 
 
 28 

Other Income 
 
 Other income primarily includes gains and losses on the disposal of assets, rental income from real estate investments and miscellaneous revenues. Other income was 1.1 million in 2022, compared with 4.8 million for 2021. The decrease in 2022, compared with 2021, primarily related to a gain on the sale of a property in 2021. 

Expenses 
 
 The Company's operating expenses consist primarily of commissions to agents, personnel expenses, office and technology expenses and the provision for claims. Operating expenses increased 3.6 in 2022, compared with 2021, primarily due to increases in personnel, office, technology and other operating expenses, partially offset by a decrease in commissions to agents. 
 
 Following is a summary of the Company s operating expenses for 2022 and 2021. Intersegment eliminations have been netted; therefore, the individual segment amounts will not agree to Note 12 in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 (in thousands, except percentages) 2022 2021 Title Insurance 242,280 95.7 234,573 95.9 All Other 11,004 4.3 9,993 4.1 Total 253,284 100.0 244,566 100.0 
 
 Total Company 
 
 Personnel Expenses : Personnel expenses include base salaries, benefits and payroll taxes, bonuses paid to employees and contract labor expenses. Personnel expenses were 85.3 million and 64.2 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. Personnel expenses increased by 32.9 in 2022, compared with 2021, primarily due to staffing of new offices and hiring to support growth initiatives. Increases in staffing levels are the result of both organic growth and recent acquisitions of title insurance agencies, as the Company continues expansion of its geographic footprint. Employee headcount increased by 16.5 , when compared to the same prior year period, primarily due to the Company's continued expansion efforts in the Texas market. On a consolidated basis, personnel expenses as a percentage of total revenues were 30.1 and 19.5 in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Office and Technology Expenses: Office and technology expenses primarily include facilities expenses, software and hardware expenses, depreciation expense, telecommunications expenses, and business insurance. Office and technology expenses were 17.3 million and 13.1 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in office and technology expenses in 2022, compared with 2021, was primarily in support of expanding the Company's geographic footprint, the result of adding new office locations due to both organic growth and recent acquisitions of title insurance agencies, and various ongoing technology initiatives. 
 
 Other Expenses: Other expenses primarily include business development expenses, premium-related taxes and licensing, professional services, title and service fees, amortization of intangible assets and other general expenses. Other expenses were 24.8 million and 18.8 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in 2022, compared with 2021, was primarily related to increases in title and service fees, technology fees, business development expenses, and amortization of intangible assets. 
 
 Title Insurance 
 
 Commissions to Agents : Agent commissions represent the portion of premiums retained by agents pursuant to the terms of their respective agency contracts. In 2022, commissions to agents decreased 14.9 to 121.6 million, compared with 142.8 million in 2021. Commission expense as a percentage of net premiums written by agents was 74.6 and 74.5 in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease in commission expense, when comparing 2022 with 2021, was commensurate with the decrease in agent premium volume. Commission rates vary by market due to local practice, competition and state regulations. 
 
 Provision for Claims : The provision for claims decreased 25.2 in 2022, compared to 2021. The provision for claims as a percentage of net premiums written was 1.7 and 2.1 in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The dollar decrease in the provision for claims in 2022, compared with 2021, was primarily due to reductions in net premiums written and the impact of changes in the geographical mix for underwriting risk. 
 
 The decrease in the loss provision rate in 2022, from the 2021 level, resulted in approximately 907 thousand less in reserves than would have been recorded at the higher 2021 level. Loss provision rates are subject to variability and are reviewed and adjusted as experience develops. 
 
 29 

Title claims are typically reported and paid within the first several years of policy issuance. The provision for claims reflects actual payments of claims, net of recovery amounts, plus adjustments to the specific and incurred but not reported claims reserves, the latter of which are actuarially determined based on historical claims experience. Actual payments of claims, net of recoveries, were 3.8 million and 2.5 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Reserve for Claims: At December 31, 2022, the total reserve for claims was 37.2 million. Of that total, approximately 3.3 million was reserved for specific claims, and approximately 33.9 million was reserved for claims for which the Company had no notice. Because of the uncertainty of future claims, changes in economic conditions and the fact that many claims do not materialize for several years, reserve estimates are subject to variability. 
 
 Changes from prior periods in the expected liability for claims reflect the uncertainty of the claims environment, as well as the limited predictive power of historical data. The Company continually updates and refines its reserve estimates as current experience develops and credible data emerges. Such data includes payments on claims closed during the quarter, new details that emerge on open cases that cause claims adjusters to increase or decrease the case reserves, and the impact that these types of changes have on the Company s total loss provision. Adjustments may be required as new information develops which often varies from past experience. 

Income Taxes 
 
 The provision for income taxes was 6.2 million and 17.9 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. Income tax expense, including federal and state taxes, as a percentage of income before income taxes was 20.6 and 21.1 for 2022 and 2021, respectively. The effective income tax rates for both 2022 and 2021 differ from the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate of 21 primarily due to the effect of tax-exempt income and state taxes. Tax-exempt income lowers the effective tax rate. 
 
 The Company believes it is more likely than not that the tax benefits associated with recognized impairments and unrecognized losses recorded through December 31, 2022 will be realized. However, this judgment could be impacted by further market fluctuations. Information regarding the components of income tax expense and the items included in the reconciliation of the effective rate with the federal statutory rate can be found in Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

After-Tax Profit Margin 
 
 The Company s after-tax profit margin varies according to a number of factors, including the volume and type of real estate activity. On a combined basis, the after-tax profit margins were 8.4 and 20.3 in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease in after-tax margin in 2022, compared with 2021, was primarily related to a decrease in total revenue and an increase in expenses. The Company continually strives to enhance its competitive strengths and market position, including ongoing initiatives to manage its operating expenses. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 The Company s material cash requirements include general operating expenses, contractual and other obligations for the future payment of title claims, employment agreements, lease agreements, income taxes, capital expenditures, dividends on its common stock and other contractual commitments for goods and services needed for operations. All other arrangements entered into by the Company are not reasonably likely to have a material effect on liquidity or the availability of capital resources. Cash flows from operations have historically been the primary source of financing for expanding operations, whether through organic growth or outside investments. The Company believes its balances of cash, short-term investments and other readily marketable securities, along with cash flows generated by ongoing operations, will be sufficient to satisfy its cash requirements over the next 12 months and thereafter, including the funding of operating activities and commitments for investing and financing activities. There are currently no known trends that the Company believes will materially impact the Company s capital resources, nor is the Company anticipating any material changes in the mix or relative cost of such resources except as otherwise disclosed in the Business Trends and Recent Conditions section of this Management's Discussion and Analysis . 
 
 The Company evaluates nonorganic growth opportunities, such as mergers and acquisitions, from time to time in the ordinary course of business. Because of the episodic nature of these events, related incremental liquidity and capital resource needs can be difficult to predict. 
 
 The Company s operating results and cash flows are heavily dependent on the real estate market. The Company s business has certain fixed costs such as personnel; therefore, changes in the real estate market are monitored closely, and operating expenses such as staffing levels are managed and adjusted accordingly. The Company believes that its significant working capital position and management of operating expenses will aid its ability to manage cash resources through fluctuations in the real estate market. 
 
 30 

Cash Flows: Net cash flows provided by operating activities were 36.2 million and 51.9 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. Cash flows provided by operating activities differ from net income due to adjustments for non-cash items, such as changes in the estimated fair value of equity security investments, gains and losses on investments and property, the timing of disbursements for taxes, claims and other accrued liabilities, and collections or changes in receivables and other assets. 
 
 Cash flows from non-operating activities have historically consisted of purchases and proceeds from investing activities, the issuance of dividends and repurchases of common stock. In 2022, the Company had higher investment purchase activity and lower dividends paid when compared to 2021. In the fourth quarters of 2022 and 2021, the Company paid special cash dividends in the amounts of 3.00 and 18.00 per share, respectively, in addition to regular cash dividends. Total dividends paid per share were 4.84 and 19.82 in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The Company maintains a high degree of liquidity within its investment portfolio in the form of cash, short-term investments, and other readily marketable securities. As of December 31, 2022, the Company held cash and cash equivalents of 35.3 million, short-term investments of 103.6 million, available-for-sale fixed maturity securities of 54.0 million and equity securities of 51.7 million. The net effect of all activities on total cash and cash equivalents was a decrease of 1.9 million for 2022. In 2022, ongoing evaluation of changing business and financial market conditions led to portions of cash flow from operations, and certain amounts resulting from sales and maturities in the company s investment portfolio, to be invested in short term investments to take advantage of elevated short-term interest rates. 
 
 Capital Resources: The amount of capital resources the Company maintains is influenced by state regulation, the need to maintain superior financial ratings from third-party rating agencies and other marketing and operational considerations. 
 
 The Company's significant sources of funds are dividends and distributions from its subsidiaries, primarily its two title insurance subsidiaries. Cash is received from its subsidiaries in the form of dividends and as reimbursements for operating and other administrative expenses that it incurs. The reimbursements are executed within the guidelines of management agreements between the Company and its subsidiaries. 
 
 The ability of the Company's title insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends to the Company is subject to state regulation from their respective states of domicile. Each state regulates the extent to which title underwriters can pay dividends or make distributions and requires prior regulatory approval of the payment of dividends and other intercompany transfers. The maximum dividend permitted by law is not necessarily indicative of an insurer s actual ability to pay dividends. Depending on regulatory conditions, the Company may in the future need to retain cash in its title insurance subsidiaries in order to maintain their statutory capital position. As of December 31, 2022, both ITIC and NITIC met the minimum capital, surplus and reserve requirements for each state in which they are licensed. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 110.3 million of the consolidated shareholders equity represented net assets of the Company s subsidiaries that are restricted by regulation from being transferred in the form of dividends, loans or advances to the parent company without prior approval from the respective state insurance department. The Company believes, however, that amounts available for transfer from the insurance and other subsidiaries are adequate to meet the Company s current operating needs. 
 
 During 2023, the maximum distributions the insurance subsidiaries can make to the Company without prior approval from applicable regulators total approximately 30.9 million. 
 
 While state regulations and the need to cover risks may set a minimum level for capital requirements, other factors necessitate maintaining capital resources in excess of the required minimum amounts. For instance, the Company s capital resources help it maintain high ratings from insurance company rating agencies. Superior ratings strengthen the Company's ability to compete with larger, well known title insurers with national footprints. 
 
 A strong financial position provides the necessary flexibility to fund potential acquisition activity, to invest in the Company's core business, and to minimize the financial impact of potential adverse developments. Adverse developments that generally require additional capital include adverse financial results, changes in statutory accounting requirements by regulators, reserve charges, investment losses or costs incurred to adapt to a changing regulatory environment, including costs related to CFPB regulation of the real estate industry. 
 
 The Company bases its capitalization levels in part on net coverage retained. Since the Company's geographical focus has been and continues to be concentrated in states with average premium rates typically lower than the national average, capitalization relative to premiums will usually appear higher than industry averages. 
 
 31 

Due to the Company s historical ability to consistently generate positive cash flows from its consolidated operations and investment income, management believes that funds generated from operations will enable the Company to adequately meet its current operating needs for the foreseeable future. However, with any continued impact of COVID-19, ongoing inflationary pressures and the ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, there can be no assurance that future experience will be similar to historical experience, since it is influenced by such factors as the interest rate environment, real estate activity, the Company s claims-paying ability and its financial strength ratings. In addition to operational and investment considerations, taking advantage of opportunistic external growth opportunities may necessitate obtaining additional capital resources. The Company is carefully monitoring the COVID-19 situation, inflation, the conflict in Ukraine, and other trends that could potentially result in material adverse liquidity changes, and will continually assess its capital allocation strategy, including decisions relating to payment of dividends, repurchasing the Company s common stock and/or conserving cash. 
 
 Purchase of Company Stock: On November 9, 2015, the Board of Directors of the Company approved the purchase of an additional 163,335 shares pursuant to the Company s repurchase plan, such that there was authority remaining under the plan to purchase up to an aggregate of 500,000 shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the plan immediately after this approval. Unless terminated earlier by resolution of the Board of Directors, the plan will expire when all shares authorized for purchase under the plan have been purchased. Pursuant to the Company s ongoing purchase program, the Company purchased 945 shares at an average per share price of 141.01 in 2022. No shares were purchased in 2021. The Company anticipates making further purchases under this plan from time to time in the future, depending on such factors as the prevailing market price of the Company s common stock, the Company s available cash and the existing alternative uses for such cash. 
 
 Capital Expenditures : Capital expenditures were approximately 5.7 million and 6.5 million during 2022 and 2021, respectively, with the higher 2021 expenditures related primarily to system development initiative expenses. The Company has plans for various capital improvement projects, including increased investment in a number of technology and system development initiatives and hardware purchases which are anticipated to be funded via cash flows from operations. All material anticipated capital expenditures are subject to periodic review and revision and may vary depending on a number of factors. 
 
 Contractual Obligations : As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a claims reserve totaling 37.2 million. The amounts and timing of these obligations are estimated and not set contractually. Events such as fraud, defalcation, and multiple property title defects can substantially and unexpectedly cause increases in both the amount and timing of estimated title insurance loss payments and loss cost trends whereby increases or decreases in inflationary factors (including the value of real estate) will influence the ultimate amount of title insurance loss payments and could increase total obligations and influence claim payout patterns. Due to the length of time over which claim payments are made and regularly occurring changes in underlying economic and market conditions, claim estimates are subject to variability and future payments could increase or decrease from these estimated amounts in the future. 
 
 ITIC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, has entered into employment agreements with certain executive officers. The amounts accrued for these agreements at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately 15.0 million and 13.4 million, respectively, which includes postretirement compensation and health benefits, and were calculated based on the terms of the contracts. These executive contracts are accounted for on an individual contract basis. As payments are based upon the occurrence of specific events, including death, disability, retirement, termination without cause or upon a change in control, payment periods are currently uncertain. Information regarding retirement agreements and other postretirement benefit plans can be found in Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 The Company enters into lease agreements that are primarily used for office space. These leases are accounted for as operating leases, with lease expense recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. The Company occasionally assumes equipment lease agreements through business acquisitions. These leases are accounted for as finance leases. A portion of the Company's current leases include an option to extend or cancel the lease term, and the exercise of such an option is solely at the Company's discretion. The total of undiscounted future minimum lease payments under leases that have initial or remaining noncancelable lease terms in excess of one year as of December 31, 2022 is 5.2 million, which includes lease payments related to options to extend or cancel the lease term if the Company determined at the date of adoption that the lease was expected to be renewed or extended. Information regarding leases can be found in Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 In the normal course of business, the Company enters into other contractual commitments for goods and services needed for operations. Such commitments are not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company s liquidity. 
 
 32 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 As a service to its customers, the Company, through ITIC, administers escrow and trust deposits representing earnest money received under real estate contracts, undisbursed amounts received for settlement of mortgage loans and indemnities against specific title risks. Cash held by the Company for these purposes was approximately 24.2 million and 27.5 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These amounts are not considered assets of the Company and, therefore, are excluded from the Consolidated Balance Sheets. However, the Company remains contingently liable for the disposition of these deposits. 
 
 In addition, in administering tax-deferred like-kind exchanges pursuant to 1031 of the IRC, ITEC serves as a qualified intermediary for exchanges, holding the net sales proceeds from relinquished property to be used for purchase of replacement property. ITAC serves as exchange accommodation titleholder and, through LLCs that are wholly owned subsidiaries of ITAC, holds property in reverse exchange transactions. Like-kind exchange deposits and reverse exchange property held by the Company for the purpose of completing such transactions totaled approximately 432.0 million and 763.9 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These exchange deposits are held at third-party financial institutions. Exchange deposits are not considered assets of the Company and, therefore, are excluded from the Consolidated Balance Sheets; however, the Company remains contingently liable for the disposition of the transfers of property, disbursements of proceeds and the return on the proceeds at the agreed upon rate. Exchange services revenue includes earnings on these deposits; therefore, investment income is shown as non-title services rather than investment income. These like-kind exchange funds are primarily invested in money market and other short-term investments. 
 
 External assets under management of Investors Trust Company totaled approximately 635.3 m illion and 728.2 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These amounts are not considered assets of the Company and, therefore, are excluded from the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 It is not the general practice of the Company to enter into off-balance sheet arrangements or issue guarantees to third parties. The Company does not have any material source of liquidity or financing that involves off-balance sheet arrangements. Other than items noted above, off-balance sheet arrangements are generally limited to the future payments due under various agreements with third-party service providers. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Item not required for smaller reporting companies. 
 33 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 1. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 35 
 2. Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 38 
 3. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 39 
 4. Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 41 
 5. Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 42 
 6. Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 43 
 7. Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity 
 44 
 8. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 45 
 9. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 47 

The financial statement schedules meeting the requirements of Regulation S-X are attached hereto as Schedules I, II, III, IV and V. 

34 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Investors Title Company 
 Chapel Hill, NC 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Investors Title Company and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the years then ended, and the related notes and schedules (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated March 14, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. 
 
 We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

35 

Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Reserve for Claims 
 
 As described in notes 1 and 6 to the Company s consolidated financial statements, the Company s unpaid loss and losses adjustment expenses are established using estimated amounts required to settle claims for which notice has been received (reported) and the amount estimated to be required to satisfy incurred claims of policyholders which may be reported in the future (incurred but not reported, or IBNR ). As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 37.1 million in reserve for claims. Management records a provision for future claim payments at the time the related premium revenue is recognized by applying a loss provision rate against net premiums written. Management determines its loss provision rate through the consideration of factors such as the Company s historical claim experience, case reserve estimates on reported claims, large claims, actuarial projections, and other relevant factors. The Company s specialist utilizes accepted actuarial methodologies when performing the actuarial projections. Management s assumptions include assumed comparability to its historical claims experience unless factors, such as loss experience and charged premium rates, change significantly, as well as assumptions around large losses related to fraud and defalcation. 
 
 We identified the reserve for claims as a critical audit matter. The principal considerations for our determination of the reserve for claims as a critical audit matter were management s use of significant actuarial estimates and assumptions to estimate the reserve for claims, including the selection of actuarial methods, loss development factors, and expected loss ratios, as well as the high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in determining the reasonableness of the actuarial assumptions and methodologies utilized, and our use of an auditor s specialist. 

36 

Our audit procedures related to the reserve for claims included the following, among others: 
 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and implementation, and tested the operating effectiveness of the Company s controls over the process for developing its reserve for claims. This included, among others, the controls over the determination of the actuarial methods and assumptions utilized to support the reserve for claims calculations and controls over the completeness and accuracy of historical loss data utilized in the reserve for claims calculations. 
 
 We engaged a third-party actuary with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in evaluating the reasonableness of the reserving methodologies utilized by the Company s specialist and evaluating the reasonableness of the assumptions related to loss development factors and expected loss ratios. 
 
 We tested the inputs utilized by the Company s specialist in developing the reserve for claims. This included testing the accuracy and completeness of the data provided to the Company s specialist. 
 
 We evaluated the reasonableness of the significant assumptions utilized by the Company in developing the reserve for claims. 

/s/ (Formerly, Dixon Hughes Goodman LLP) 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2004 

March 14, 2023 
 37 

MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 
 Management of Investors Title Company and Subsidiaries is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f). The Company s internal control over financial reporting has been designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of the Company s financial reporting and the preparation of published financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 The Company s internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of assets of the Company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorization of management and directors of the Company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitation, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO and concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 38 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors 
 Investors Title Company 
 Chapel Hill, NC 

Opinion on the Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Investors Title Company and Subsidiaries (the Company internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for each of the years then ended, and our report dated March 14, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 
 
 We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definitions and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of reliable financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 39 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ FORVIS, LLP (Formerly, Dixon Hughes Goodman LLP) 
 
 High Point, NC 
 
 March 14, 2023 

40 

Investors Title Company and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands) 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Cash and cash equivalents Investments: Fixed maturity securities, available-for-sale, at fair value (amortized cost: December 31, 2022: ; December 31, 2021: 
 Equity securities, at fair value (cost: December 31, 2022: ; December 31, 2021: 
 Short-term investments Other investments Total investments Premium and fees receivable Accrued interest and dividends Prepaid expenses and other receivables Property, net Goodwill and other intangible assets, net Lease assets Other assets Current income taxes receivable Total Assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Liabilities: Reserve for claims Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Lease liabilities Current income taxes payable Deferred income taxes, net Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies Shareholders Equity: Preferred stock authorized shares; shares issued) 
 Common stock par value authorized shares; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, excluding in each period shares of common stock held by the Company) 
 Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income Total shareholders equity Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 
 
 Refer to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 41 

Investors Title Company and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenues: Net premiums written Escrow and other title-related fees Non-title services Interest and dividends Other investment income Net realized investment gains Changes in the estimated fair value of equity security investments ) Other Total Revenues Operating Expenses: Commissions to agents Provision for claims Personnel expenses Office and technology expenses Other expenses Total Operating Expenses Income before Income Taxes Provision for Income Taxes Net Income Basic Earnings per Common Share Weighted Average Shares Outstanding Basic Diluted Earnings per Common Share Weighted Average Shares Outstanding Diluted 
 
 Refer to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 42 

Investors Title Company and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (in thousands) 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net income Other comprehensive loss, before income tax: Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation adjustment Unrealized losses on investments arising during the period ) ) Reclassification adjustment for sale of securities included in net income ) Reclassification adjustment for write-down of securities included in net income Other comprehensive loss, before income tax ) ) Income tax expense related to postretirement health benefits Income tax benefit related to net unrealized losses on investments arising during the year ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) related to reclassification adjustment for sale of securities included in net income ) Income tax expense related to reclassification adjustment for write-down of securities included in net income Net income tax benefit on other comprehensive loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Comprehensive Income 
 
 Refer to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 43 

Investors Title Company and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Common Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Total Shareholders Equity Shares Amount Balance, January 1, 2021 
 Net income Dividends paid per share) 
 ) ) Exercise of stock appreciation rights 
 ) ) Share-based compensation expense related to stock appreciation rights 
 Net unrealized loss on investments ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 
 Net income Dividends paid per share) 
 ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) Exercise of stock appreciation rights 
 ) ) Share-based compensation expense related to stock appreciation rights 
 Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation adjustment Net unrealized loss on investments ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 

Refer to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 44 

Investors Title Company and Subsidiaries 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Operating Activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation Amortization of investments, net Amortization of other intangible assets, net Share-based compensation expense related to stock appreciation rights Net gains on disposals of property ) ) Net realized gains on securities ) ) Net realized losses (gains) on other investments ) Changes in the estimated fair value of equity security investments ) Net earnings from other investments ) ) Provision for claims (Benefit) provision for deferred income taxes ) Changes in assets and liabilities: Decrease (increase) in premium and fees receivable ) Decrease (increase) in other assets ) Increase in lease assets ) ) Increase in current income taxes recoverable ) Increase in lease liabilities 
 Increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities (Decrease) increase in current income taxes payable ) Payments of claims, net of recoveries ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing Activities Purchases of fixed maturity securities ) Purchases of equity securities ) ) Purchases of short-term investments ) ) Purchase of subsidiary ) Purchases of other investments ) ) Proceeds from sales and maturities of fixed maturity securities Proceeds from the sale of equity securities Proceeds from sales and maturities of short-term investments Proceeds from sales and distributions of other investments Proceeds from sales of other assets Purchases of property, equipment and software ) ) Proceeds from disposals of property Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) 
 45 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, continued For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Financing Activities Repurchases of common stock ) Exercise of stock appreciation rights ) ) Dividends paid ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) 
 Net (Decrease) Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents ) Cash and Cash Equivalents, Beginning of Period Cash and Cash Equivalents, End of Period Supplemental Disclosures: Cash Paid During the Year for: Income tax payments, net Non Cash Investing and Financing Activities: Non cash net unrealized loss on investments, net of deferred tax benefit of and for December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Adjustments to postretirement benefits obligation, net of deferred tax expense of ) and for December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 ) 
 Changes in Financial Statement Amounts Related to Purchase of Subsidiaries, Net of Cash Received: Goodwill and other intangibles acquired ) Title plant acquired ) Prepaid and other assets acquired ) Fixed assets acquired ) Purchase of subsidiary, net of cash received ) 
 
 Refer to the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 46 

Investors Title Company and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. 
 
 subsidiaries, Investors Title Insurance Company ITIC and National Investors Title Insurance Company NITIC ), is licensed to insure titles to residential, institutional, commercial and industrial properties. The Company issues title insurance policies directly and through a network of agents in states and the District of Columbia, primarily in the eastern half of the United States. The majority of the Company s business is concentrated in North Carolina, Texas, South Carolina and Georgia. 

Significant Accounting Policies: The significant accounting policies of the Company are summarized below. 

47 

million and investments in unconsolidated affiliated entities of million. 
 
 Real estate investments are reported at amortized cost. Depreciation and other related expenses are recorded as an offset to investment income. The Company monitors any events or changes in circumstances that may have had a significant adverse effect on the fair value of real estate investments and makes any necessary adjustments, with any reductions in the carrying amount of these investments recorded in net realized investment gains in the Consolidated Statement of Operations when recognized. Lease rental income earned by the Company, which does not have a material impact on the Company's results of operations, is included with other income on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Investments in unconsolidated affiliated entities are accounted for under either the equity method or the measurement alternative method. The measurement alternative method is used when an investment does not qualify for either the equity method or an estimated fair value using the net asset value per share. Under the measurement alternative method, investments are recorded at cost, less any impairment and plus or minus any changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for an identical or similar investment of the same issuer. The Company monitors any events or changes in circumstances that may have had a significant adverse effect on the fair value of these investments and makes any necessary adjustments. 

to years) of the respective assets. Maintenance and repairs are charged to operating expenses and improvements are capitalized. 

48 

Comprehensive Income 
 
 thousand of unrealized holding gains on available-for-sale securities and thousand of unrecognized actuarial gains associated with postretirement benefit liabilities. Accumulated other comprehensive income as of December 31, 2021 consists of million of unrealized holding gains on available-for-sale securities and thousand of unrecognized actuarial losses associated with postretirement benefit liabilities. 

49 

months to years; noting that the amortization of certain non-compete contracts will start at a future date when the related employment agreements are terminated. Other intangible assets are reviewed for impairment at least annually or when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. 

50 

years after the issuance of a policy. Events such as fraud, defalcation and multiple property defects can substantially and unexpectedly cause increases in estimates of losses. Due to the length of time over which claim payments are made and regularly occurring changes in underlying economic and market conditions, these estimates are subject to variability. 
 
 Management considers factors such as the Company s historical claims experience, case reserve estimates on reported claims, large claims, actuarial projections and other relevant factors in determining its loss provision rates and the aggregate recorded expected liability for claims. In establishing the reserve, actuarial projections are compared with recorded reserves to evaluate the adequacy of such recorded claims reserves and any necessary adjustments are then recorded in the current period s statements of operations. As the most recent claims experience develops and new information becomes available, the loss reserve estimate related to prior periods will change to more accurately reflect updated and improved emerging data. The Company reflects any adjustments to the reserve in the results of operations in the period in which new information (principally claims experience) becomes available. 
 
 Premiums written: Premium revenues issued directly and by agency operations include accruals for transactions which have settled but have not been reported as of the balance sheet date. These accruals are based on estimates of the typical lag time between settlement of real estate transactions and the reporting of these transactions to the Company. Reporting lag times vary by market. In certain markets, the lag time may be very short, but in others, can be as high as months. The Company reviews and adjusts lag time estimates periodically, using historical experience and other factors, and reflects any adjustments in the result of operations in the period in which new information becomes available. 
 
 Impairments: Securities are regularly evaluated and reviewed for differences between the cost and estimated fair value of each security for factors that may indicate that a decline in estimated fair value is an impairment. When, in the opinion of management, a decline in the estimated fair value of an investment is considered to be an impairment, such investment is written down to its estimated fair value. Some factors considered in evaluating whether or not a decline in estimated fair value is an impairment include the duration and extent to which the estimated fair value has been less than cost; the probability that the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due under the contractual terms of the security; whether the Company has the intent to sell or will more likely than not be required to sell a particular security before recovery in value; and the financial condition and prospects of the issuer (including credit ratings). These factors are reviewed quarterly and any material degradation in the prospect for recovery will be considered in the impairment analysis. Such reviews are inherently uncertain and the value of the investment may not fully recover or may decline in future periods resulting in a realized loss. The estimated fair values of the majority of the Company s investments are based on quoted market prices from independent pricing services. 

2. 
 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Net income on a statutory basis was million and million and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The Company has designated approximately million and million of retained earnings as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as appropriated to reflect the required statutory premium and supplemental reserves. Refer to Note 8 for the tax treatment of the statutory premium reserve. 
 51 

million and million, respectively, of consolidated shareholders equity represents net assets of the Company s subsidiaries that cannot be transferred in the form of dividends, loans or advances to the parent company under statutory regulations without prior insurance department approval. During 2023, the maximum distributions the insurance subsidiaries can make to the Company without prior approval from applicable regulators total approximately million. 
 
 Fixed maturity securities with fair market values totaling approximately million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are deposited with the insurance departments of the states in which business is conducted. 

3. 
 
 General obligations of U.S. states, territories and political subdivisions 
 Special revenue issuer obligations of U.S. states, territories and political subdivisions 
 Corporate debt securities Total 
 As of December 31, 2021 (in thousands) Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Estimated Fair Value Fixed maturity securities, available-for-sale, at fair value: Governmental obligations 
 General obligations of U.S. states, territories and political subdivisions 
 Special revenue issuer obligations of U.S. states, territories and political subdivisions 
 Corporate debt securities Total 
 
 The special revenue category for both periods presented includes approximately individual fixed maturity securities with revenue sources from a variety of industry sectors. 
 
 Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Total 
 
 Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities as borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without penalties. 
 52 

) ) General obligations of U.S. states, territories and political subdivisions ) ) Special revenue issuer obligations of U.S. states, territories and political subdivisions ) ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 Less than 12 Months 12 Months or Longer Total As of December 31, 2021 (in thousands) Estimated Fair Value Unrealized Losses Estimated Fair Value Unrealized Losses Estimated Fair Value Unrealized Losses Special revenue issuer obligations of U.S. states, territories and political subdivisions ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 
 Management evaluates available-for-sale fixed maturity securities in unrealized loss positions to determine whether the impairment is due to credit-related factors or noncredit-related factors. The decline in estimated fair value of the fixed maturity securities can be attributed primarily to changes in market interest rates and changes in credit spreads over Treasury securities. 
 
 Factors considered in determining whether a loss is credit-related include the financial condition and prospects of the issuer (including credit ratings and analyst reports) and macro-economic changes. A total of and fixed maturity securities had unrealized losses at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company does not intend to sell any of these securities and believes that it is more likely than not that the Company will not have to sell any such securities before a recovery of cost. The fair value is expected to recover as the securities approach their maturity date or repricing date or if market yields for such investments decline. The Company believes that the unrealized losses detailed in the previous table are due to noncredit-related factors, including changes in market interest rates and other market conditions, and therefore the unrealized loss is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income. 
 
 Reviews of the values of fixed maturity securities are inherently uncertain and the value of the investment may not fully recover, or may decline in future periods resulting in a realized loss. The Company recorded thousand and of impairment charges related to fixed maturity securities for the twelve-month periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Expenses related to impairments are recorded in net realized investment gains in the Consolidated Statements of Operations when recognized. 
 
 Investments in Equity Securities 
 
 Total 
 53 

Total 
 
 Unrealized holding gains and losses are reported in the Consolidated Statements of Operations as changes in the estimated fair value of equity security investments. 
 
 Interest and Dividends 
 
 Equity securities Invested cash and other short-term investments Miscellaneous interest Interest and dividends 
 
 Net Realized Investment Gains 
 
 Common stocks Total Gross realized losses from securities: General obligations of U.S. states, territories and political subdivisions ) Corporate debt securities ) ) Common stocks ) ) Impairment of securities ) Total ) ) Net realized gains from securities Net realized other investment gains (losses): (Losses) gains on other assets ) Total ) Net realized investment gains 

Realized gains and losses are determined on the specific identification method. 
 
 54 

Small business investment LLCs or LPs Other investments Total 
 Maximum potential loss is calculated as the total investment in the LLC or LP including any capital commitments that may have not yet been called. The Company is not exposed to any loss beyond the total commitment of its investment. 
 
 Valuation of Financial Assets 
 
 The Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB has established a valuation hierarchy for disclosure of the inputs used to measure estimated fair value of financial assets and liabilities, such as securities. This hierarchy categorizes the inputs into three broad levels as follows. Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2 inputs are quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly through market corroboration, for substantially the full term of the financial instrument. Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs based on the Company s own assumptions intended to represent market participant assumptions used to measure assets and liabilities at fair value. 
 
 A financial instrument s classification within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement consequently, if there are multiple significant valuation inputs that are categorized in different levels of the hierarchy, the instrument s hierarchy level is the lowest level (with Level 3 being the lowest level) within which any significant input falls. 
 
 The Level 1 category includes equity securities and U.S. Treasury securities that are measured at estimated fair value using quoted active market prices. 
 
 The Level 2 category includes fixed maturity securities such as corporate debt securities, U.S. government obligations, and obligations of U.S. states, territories, and political subdivisions. Estimated fair value is principally based on market values obtained from a third-party pricing service. Factors that are used in determining estimated fair market value include benchmark yields, reported trades, broker/dealer quotes, issuer spreads, two-sided markets, benchmark securities, bids, offers and reference data. The Company receives one quote per security from a third-party pricing service, although as discussed below, the Company does consult other pricing resources when confirming that the prices it obtains reflect the fair values of the instruments in accordance with GAAP. Generally, quotes obtained from the pricing service for instruments classified as Level 2 are not adjusted and are not binding. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not adjust any Level 2 fair values. 
 
 A number of the Company s investment grade corporate debt securities are frequently traded in active markets, and trading prices are consequently available for these securities. However, these securities are classified as Level 2 because the pricing service from which the Company has obtained estimated fair values for these instruments uses valuation models that use observable market inputs in addition to trading prices. Substantially all of the input assumptions used in the service s model are observable in the marketplace or can be derived or supported by observable market data. 
 
 In the measurement of the estimated fair value of certain financial instruments, other valuation techniques were utilized if quoted market prices were not available. These derived fair value estimates are significantly affected by the assumptions used. Additionally, certain financial instruments, including those related to insurance contracts, pension and other postretirement benefits, and equity method investments are excluded from the scope of disclosures. 
 
 55 

Corporate debt securities Total 
 As of December 31, 2021 (in thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Fixed maturity securities: Obligations of U.S. states, territories and political subdivisions Corporate debt securities Total 
 
 Denotes fair market value obtained from pricing services. 
 56 

Accrued interest and dividends Equity securities, at fair value: Common stocks Short-term investments: Money market funds and US treasury bills Other investments: Equity investments in unconsolidated affiliates, measurement alternative Total 
 As of December 31, 2021 (in thousands) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Financial assets: Cash Accrued interest and dividends Equity securities, at fair value: Common stocks Short-term investments: Money market funds Other investments: Equity investments in unconsolidated affiliates, measurement alternative Total 
 
 The Company did not hold any Level 3 category debt or marketable equity investment securities as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 There were no transfers into or out of Levels 1, 2 or 3 during the periods presented. 
 
 To help ensure that estimated fair value determinations are consistent with GAAP, prices from our pricing services go through multiple review processes to ensure appropriate pricing. Pricing procedures and inputs used to price each security include, but are not limited to, the following: unadjusted quoted market prices for identical securities such as stock market closing prices; non-binding quoted prices for identical securities in markets that are not active; interest rates; yield curves observable at commonly quoted intervals; volatility; prepayment speeds; loss severity; credit risks; and default rates. The Company reviews the procedures and inputs used by its pricing services, and verifies a sample of the services quotes by comparing them to values obtained from other pricing resources. In the event the Company disagrees with a price provided by its pricing services, the respective service reevaluates the price to corroborate the market information and then reviews inputs to the evaluation in light of potentially new market data. 
 
 57 

impairments of such investments made during the twelve-month periods ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 ) Total ) 
 (in thousands) Balance, January 1, 2021 Amounts Impaired Observable Changes Purchases and Additional Commitments Paid Sales, Returns of Capital and Other Reductions Balance, December 31, 2021 Other investments: Equity investments in unconsolidated affiliates, measurement alternative ) Total ) 

4. 
 
 Office buildings and improvements years) 
 Furniture, fixtures and equipment to years) 
 Automobiles years) 
 Total Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 Included within furniture, fixtures and equipment is software developed by the Company for internal use. Capitalized costs include both direct and indirect costs, such as payroll costs of employees associated with developing software, incurred during the software development stage. 

5. 
 
 premiums assumed for 2022 and 2021, respectively. Ceded premiums were approximately thousand and thousand for 2022 and 2021, respectively. Ceded reinsurance is comprised of excess of loss treaties, which outline the conditions in which the reinsurance company will pay claims and protect against losses over certain agreed upon amounts. The Company remains liable to the insured for claims under ceded insurance policies in the event the assuming insurance companies are unable to meet their obligations under these contracts. The Company did pay or recover any reinsured losses during 2022 and 2021. 
 
 58 

6. 
 
 Provision related to: Current year Prior years ) ) Total provision charged to operations Claims paid, net of recoveries, related to: Current year ) ) Prior years ) ) Total claims paid, net of recoveries ) ) Balance, end of year 
 
 The Company continually refines its reserve estimates as current loss experience develops and more credible data emerges. Movements in the reserve related to prior periods were primarily the result of changes to estimates to better reflect the latest reported loss data. The decrease in the provision for claims in 2022, compared to 2021, is primarily related to lower premium levels in the current year period. Due to variances between actual and expected loss payments, loss development is subject to significant variability. 
 The Company does not recognize claim recoveries until an actual payment has been received by the Company. The Company realized claim recoveries of approximately million and thousand during 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The provision for claims as a percentage of net premiums written was and in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 A large claim is defined as a claim with incurred losses exceeding thousand. Due to the small volume of large claims, the long-tail nature of title insurance claims and the inherent uncertainty in loss emergence patterns, large claim activity can vary significantly between policy years. The estimated development of large claims by policy year is therefore subject to significant changes as experience develops. 
 
 IBNR Total reserve for claims 
 
 In management s opinion, the reserve for claims is adequate to cover claims losses which might result from pending and future claims. 
 
 59 

7. 
 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic Incremental shares outstanding assuming the exercise of dilutive SARs (share-settled) Weighted average common shares outstanding Diluted 
 Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share 
 
 There were thousand and thousand potential shares excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share in 2022 and 2021, respectively, due to the out-of-the-money status of the related share-based awards rendering them anti-dilutive. 
 
 The Company historically has adopted employee stock award plans under which restricted stock, options or stock appreciation rights ("SARs") exercisable for the Company's stock may be granted to key employees or directors of the Company. As of December 31, 2022 there was one active plan from which the Company may grant share-based awards and one legacy plan under which equity awards remain outstanding. The awards eligible to be granted under the active plan are limited to SARs, and the maximum aggregate number of shares of common stock of the Company available pursuant to the plan for the grant of SARs is thousand shares. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the only outstanding awards under the plans were SARs, which expire within or less from the date of grant. All outstanding SARs vest and are exercisable within or less from the date of grant, and all SARs issued to date have been share-settled only. There have been stock options or SARs granted where the exercise price was less than the market price on the date of grant. 
 
 During both 2022 and 2021, the Company issued share-settled SARs to directors of the Company. During 2022, the Company also issued share-settled SARs to certain non-executive employees of the Company. SARs give the holder the right to receive stock equal to the appreciation in the value of shares of stock from the grant date for a specified period of time, and as a result, are accounted for as equity instruments. 
 SARs granted SARs exercised ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 SARs granted SARs exercised ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 Unvested as of December 31, 2022 
 
 60 

thousand and thousand, respectively. 
 
 There were options outstanding at December 31, 2022. 

In 2022, thousand SARs vested with a fair value of approximately thousand. 
 
 The fair value of each SAR is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option valuation model with the weighted average assumptions noted in the table shown below. Expected volatilities are based on both the implied and historical volatility of the Company s stock. The Company uses historical data to project SAR exercises and pre-exercise forfeitures within the valuation model. The expected term of awards represents the period of time that SARs granted are expected to be outstanding. The interest rate assumed for the expected life of the award is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant. and , respectively, and were estimated using the weighted average assumptions shown in the table below: 
 Volatility Interest rate Yield rate 
 
 There was approximately thousand and thousand of compensation expense relating to SARs vesting on or before December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, included in personnel expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of December 31, 2022, there was approximately thousand of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested share-based compensation arrangements granted under the Company s stock award plans. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately two years. 

8. 
 
 State Total current Deferred: Federal ) State ) Total deferred ) Total 
 
 61 

Net operating loss carryforward Impairment of assets Allowance for doubtful accounts Postretirement benefit obligation Reinsurance and commission payable Other Total Deferred income tax liabilities: Net unrealized gain on investments Recorded statutory premium reserve, net of reserves for claims Excess of tax over book depreciation Intangible assets Other Total Net deferred income tax liabilities ) ) 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were valuation allowances recorded. Based upon the Company s historical results of operations, the existing financial condition of the Company and management s assessment of all other available information, management believes that it is more likely than not that the benefit of these deferred income tax assets will be realized. 
 
 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, to income tax expense, is as follows: 
 (in thousands) 2022 2021 Anticipated income tax expense Increase (decrease) related to: State income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit Tax-exempt interest income, net of amortization ) ) 162(m) non-deductible compensation Other, net ) Provision for income taxes 
 
 In accounting for uncertainty in income taxes, the Company is required to recognize in its Consolidated Financial Statements the impact of a tax position if that position is more likely than not of being sustained on an audit, based on the technical merits of the position. In this regard, an uncertain tax position represents the Company s expected treatment of a tax position taken in a filed tax return, or planned to be taken in a future tax return, that has not been reflected in measuring income tax expense for financial reporting purposes. There were unrecognized tax benefits or liabilities as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The amount of unrecognized tax benefit or liability may increase or decrease in the future for various reasons, including adding amounts for current tax year positions, expiration of open income tax returns due to the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations, changes in management s judgment about the level of uncertainty, status of examinations, litigation and legislative activity and the additions or eliminations of uncertain tax positions. 
 
 The Company s policy is to report interest and penalties related to income taxes in the other expenses line item in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 62 

9. 

Finance leases: Amortization of lease assets Interest on lease liabilities Short-term leases (a) Lease expense Sub-lease income Lease cost 
 (a) Leases with an initial term of twelve months or less are not recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Finance lease liabilities Non-current: Operating lease liabilities Finance lease liabilities Total lease liabilities 
 
 63 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total undiscounted payments Less: present value adjustment ) ) ) Lease liabilities 
 
 Finance Leases Weighted average discount rate Operating Leases Finance Leases 
 
 The Company does not have any material pending operating or financing lease agreements that become effective in future periods. 

10. 
 
 years old. In order to be eligible for employer contributions, individuals must be employed for a period of and work at least hours annually. The Company makes a Safe Harbor contribution and also has the option annually to make a discretionary profit share contribution. Individuals may elect to make contributions up to the maximum deductible amount as determined by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the IRC ). Expenses related to the 401(k) plan were approximately million and million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 In November 2003, ITIC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into employment agreements with the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of ITIC. These individuals also serve as the Chairman, President and Executive Vice President, respectively, of the Company. The agreements provide compensation and life, health, dental and vision benefits upon the occurrence of specific events, including death, disability, retirement, termination without cause or upon a change in control. The employment agreements also prohibit each of these executives from competing with ITIC and its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates in North Carolina while employed by ITIC and for a period of following termination of their employment. 
 
 In addition, during the second quarter of 2004, ITIC entered into nonqualified deferred compensation plan agreements with these executives. The amounts accrued for all agreements at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were approximately million and million, respectively, which includes postretirement compensation and health benefits, and was calculated based on the terms of the contract. Both the 2022 and 2021 accruals are included in the accounts payable and accrued liabilities line item of the Consolidated Balance Sheets. These executive contracts are accounted for on an individual contract basis. On December 24, 2008, the executive contracts were amended effective January 1, 2009 to bring them into compliance with Section 409A of the IRC, and were amended and restated to provide for an annual cash payment to the officers equal to the amounts the Company would have contributed to their accounts under its 401(k) plan if such contributions were not limited by the federal tax laws, less the amount of any contributions that the Company actually makes to their accounts under the Company s 401(k) plan. 
 
 64 

thousand in 2023, thousand in 2024, thousand in 2025, thousand in 2026, thousand in 2027 and thousand in the next five years thereafter. 
 
 Interest cost on the projected benefit obligation Amortization of unrecognized prior service cost Amortization of unrecognized loss Net periodic benefits cost at end of year 
 
 The Company is required to recognize the funded status (i.e., the difference between the fair value of the assets and the accumulated postretirement benefit obligations of its postretirement benefits) in its Consolidated Balance Sheets, with a corresponding adjustment to accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax. The net amount in accumulated other comprehensive income is thousand, thousand net of tax, for December 31, 2022, and ) thousand, ) thousand net of tax, for December 31, 2021, and represents the net unrecognized actuarial gains (losses) and unrecognized prior service costs.) ) Non-eligible active employees Plan assets Funded status of accumulated postretirement benefit obligation, recognized in accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) ) ) Service cost benefits earned during the year Interest cost on projected benefit obligation ) ) Actuarial gain Accrued postretirement benefit obligation at end of year ) ) ) Components of accumulated other comprehensive income: Unrecognized prior service cost Amortization of loss, net Actuarial gain Balance at end of year ) 
 
 65 

11. 
 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These amounts are not considered assets of the Company and, therefore, are excluded from the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets; however, the Company remains contingently liable for the disposition of these deposits. 
 
 Like-Kind Exchange Proceeds: In administering tax-deferred like-kind exchanges pursuant to 1031 of the IRC, the Company s wholly owned subsidiary, Investors Title Exchange Corporation ITEC ), serves as a qualified intermediary, holding the net sales proceeds from relinquished property to be used for purchase of replacement property. Another Company wholly owned subsidiary, Investors Title Accommodation Corporation ITAC ), serves as exchange accommodation titleholder and, through LLCs that are wholly owned subsidiaries of ITAC, holds property in reverse exchange transactions. Like-kind exchange deposits and reverse exchange property totaled approximately million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These amounts are not considered assets of the Company and, therefore, are excluded from the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets; however, the Company remains contingently liable for the disposition of the transfers of property, disbursements of proceeds and the return on the proceeds at the agreed upon rate. Exchange services revenue includes earnings on these deposits; therefore, investment income is shown as other income rather than investment income. These like-kind exchange funds are primarily invested in money market funds and other short-term investments. 

12. 
 
 reportable segment, title insurance services. The remaining immaterial segments have been combined into a group called All Other. 
 
 The title insurance segment primarily issues title insurance policies directly and through a network of agents. Title insurance policies insure titles to real estate. 
 
 ) Investment loss ) ) ) Net realized gains on investments Total revenues ) Operating expenses ) Income before income taxes ) Total assets 
 66 

) Investment income Net realized gains on investments Total revenues ) Operating expenses ) Income before income taxes ) Total assets 

13. 
 
 votes on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders of the Company. These shares were reserved for issuance under the Shareholder Rights Plan (the Plan ), which was adopted on November 21, 2002, by the Company s Board of Directors. Under the terms of the Plan, the Company s common stock acquired by a person or a group buying or more of the Company s common stock would be diluted, except in transactions approved by the Board of Directors. 
 
 In connection with the Plan, the Company s Board of Directors declared a dividend distribution of one right (a Right for each outstanding share of the Company s common stock paid on December 16, 2002, to shareholders of record at the close of business on December 2, 2002. Each Right entitles the registered holder to purchase from the Company a unit (a Unit consisting of one-hundredth of a share of Series A Preferred Stock. Under the Plan, the Rights detach and become exercisable upon the earlier of (a) days following public announcement that a person or group of affiliated or associated persons has acquired, or obtained the right to acquire, beneficial ownership of or more of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock, or (b) business days following the commencement of, or first public announcement of the intent of a person or group to commence, a tender offer or exchange offer that would result in a person or group beneficially owning or more of such outstanding shares of the Company s common stock. The exercise price, the kind and the number of shares covered by each right are subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events described in the Plan. 
 
 If any person or group of affiliated or associated persons acquires beneficial ownership of or more of the outstanding common stock, each holder of a Right (other than the acquiring person or group) will have the right to buy, at the exercise price, common stock of the Company having a market value of twice the exercise price. If the Company is acquired in a merger or consolidation in which the Company is not the surviving corporation, or the Company engages in a merger or consolidation in which the Company is the surviving corporation and the Company s common stock is changed or exchanged, or more than of the Company s assets or earning power is sold or transferred, the Rights entitle a holder (other than the acquiring person or group) to buy, at the exercise price, stock of the acquiring company having a market value equal to twice the exercise price. At any time after a person or group of affiliated or associated persons has acquired beneficial ownership of or more of the outstanding common stock and prior to the acquisition by such person or group of or more of the outstanding common stock, the Company s Board of Directors may exchange the Rights (other than the Rights owned by such person or group), in whole or in part, at an exchange ratio of one share of the Company s common stock, or one one-hundredth of a share of Series A Preferred Stock, per Right. 
 
 The Rights are redeemable upon action by the Board of Directors at a price of per right at any time before they become exercisable. Until the Rights become exercisable, they are evidenced only by the common stock certificates and are transferred with and only with such certificates. 
 
 On September 30, 2022, the Plan was amended to, among other things, extend the expiration date of the Plan from October 31, 2022 to September 30, 2032 and increase the exercise price of the stock purchase rights from per unit to per unit. There were million shares of Preferred Stock authorized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, with being designated Series A Preferred Stock. 
 
 67 

14. 
 
 thousand at each institution are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ). Of the million in cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2022, million was not insured by the FDIC. Of the million in cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2021, million was not insured by the FDIC. The Company mitigates the risk of having cash and cash equivalents not insured by the FDIC by monitoring the credit quality of the financial institutions in which the funds are held. 

15. 
 
 Texas South Carolina Georgia 

16. 

Premium and fees receivable 
 Non-title services and other investment income Commissions to agents 

17. Business Combinations, Intangible Assets, Goodwill and Title Plants 
 
 Non-complete agreements Tradename Total Accumulated amortization ) ) Identifiable intangible assets, net 
 
 68 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 Goodwill and Title Plants 
 
 million in goodwill and million in title plants, net of impairments, as the result of title insurance agency acquisitions. The title plants are included with other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The fair values of goodwill and the title plants as of the date of acquisition, both Level 3 inputs, were principally based on values obtained from an independent third-party valuation service. In accordance with FASB s Accounting Standards Codification ASC 350, management determined that no events or changes in circumstances occurred during the periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 that would indicate the carrying amounts may not be recoverable, and therefore, determined that there were no goodwill or title plant impairments. 

18. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 
 ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before calculations ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income 
 Net current-period other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Ending balance 
 2021 (in thousands) Unrealized Gains and Losses On Available-for-Sale Securities Postretirement Benefits Plans 
 Total 
 Beginning balance at January 1 ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before calculations ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income 
 ) ) Net current-period other comprehensive loss ) ) Ending balance ) 
 
 69 

Impairments ) Total ) Net realized investment gains Tax Provision for Income Taxes Net of Tax ) Reclassifications for the period ) 
 2021 (in thousands) Details about Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Components 
 Amount Reclassified from 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 Affected Line Item in the Consolidated Statements of Operations Unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities: Net realized gains on investments Impairments Total Net realized investment gains Tax ) Provision for Income Taxes Net of Tax Reclassifications for the period 

19. 

70 

Non-title services Total revenue from contracts with customers Other sources of revenue: Net premiums written Investment-related (loss) revenue ) Other Total revenues 
 
 71 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified by the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in such reports is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 No system of controls, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the system of controls are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that the system of controls has operated effectively in all cases. The Company s disclosure controls and procedures, however, are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the objectives of disclosure controls and procedures are met. 
 
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act, an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022 to provide reasonable assurance that the objectives of disclosure controls and procedures are met. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, there were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Reports of Management and Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management has assessed, and the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, FORVIS LLP, has audited, the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. The reports of management and FORVIS LLP thereon are included in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are incorporated by reference herein. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 There was no information required to be disclosed in a report on Form 8-K during the fourth quarter of the year that has not been reported. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable 
 72 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 The information called for by this item is incorporated by reference to the material under the captions Proposals Requiring Your Vote Proposal 1 Election of Directors, Corporate Governance Board of Directors and Committees The Audit Committee and Corporate Governance Code of Business Conduct and Ethics in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 17, 2023, to be filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the year ended December 31, 2022 (the 2023 Proxy Statement ). Other information with respect to the executive officers of the Company is included at the end of Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the separate caption Executive Officers of the Company. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 The information called for by this item is set forth under the captions Executive Compensation and Compensation of Directors in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 The information pertaining to securities ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is set forth under the caption Stock Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 The following table provides information about the Company s compensation plans under which equity securities are authorized for issuance as of December 31, 2022. The Company does not have any equity compensation plans that have not been approved by its shareholders. 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information (unrounded) 
 
 Plan Category 
 Number of Securities to be Issued Upon Exercise of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights Weighted Average 
 Exercise Price of 
 Outstanding Options, 
 Warrants and Rights 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans Equity compensation plans approved by shareholders 39,125 (a) 159.39 217,500 (b) Equity compensation plans not approved by shareholders Total 39,125 159.39 217,500 
 (a) Includes 11,250 shares issuable upon exercise of outstanding stock appreciation rights SARs under the 2009 Stock Appreciation Rights Plan (the 2009 Plan ), and 27,875 shares issuable upon exercise of SARs under the 2019 Stock Appreciation Rights Plan (the 2019 Plan ). (b) Includes shares remaining for future issuance under the 2019 Plan. The 2009 Plan expired in March 2019. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 The information called for by this item is set forth under the captions Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, Corporate Governance Independent Directors and Proposals Requiring Your Vote Proposal 1 Election of Directors set forth in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The information pertaining to principal accountant fees and services is set forth under the caption Proposals Requiring Your Vote Proposal 2 Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in the 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 73 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a)(1) Financial Statements 
 
 The following financial statements are filed under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 The following is a list of financial statement schedules filed as part of this Form 10-K Annual Report: 
 Schedule Number Description I Summary of Investments Other Than Investments in Related Parties II Condensed Financial Information of Registrant III Supplementary Insurance Information IV Reinsurance V Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 
 All other schedules are omitted, as the required information either is not applicable, is not required, or is presented in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements or the notes thereto. 
 
 (a)(3) Exhibits 
 
 The following exhibits are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 74 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description Location 3.1(a) Articles of Incorporation dated January 22, 1973 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form S-8 filed August 10, 2009, File No. 333-161209 3.1(b) Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, dated February 8, 1973 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Form S-8 filed August 10, 2009, File No. 333-161209 3.1(c) Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, dated May 14, 1987 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Form S-8 filed August 10, 2009, File No. 333-161209 3.1(d) Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, dated May 15, 2002 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2002, File No. 11774 3.1(e) Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, dated November 12, 2002 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2003, File No. 11774 3.1(f) Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, dated October 31, 2012 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 10-Q filed on October 31, 2012, File No. 11774 3.2 Amended and Restated By-laws, dated November 9, 2020 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2020, File No. 11774 4.1 Description of the Company s Securities 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, File No. 11774 4.2 Amended and Restated Rights Agreement , dated October 31, 2012, between the Company and Broadridge Issuer Solutions, Inc., as Rights Agent 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed on November 2, 2012, File No. 11774 4.3 Amended and Restated Rights Agreement, dated September 30, 2022, between the Company and Broadridge Corporate Issuer Solutions, Inc., as Rights Agent 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed on October 3, 2022, File No. 11774 10.1 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement effective January 1, 2009 for J. Allen Fine 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, File No. 11774 10.2 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement effective January 1, 2009 for James A. Fine, Jr. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, File No. 11774 10.3 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement effective January 1, 2009 for W. Morris Fine 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, File No. 11774 10.4 Amended and Restated Death Benefit Plan Agreement effective January 1, 2021 for J. Allen Fine 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, File No. 11774 10.5 Amended and Restated Death Benefit Plan Agreement effective January 1, 2009 for James A. Fine, Jr. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, File No. 11774 10.6 Death Benefit Plan Agreement effective January 1, 2009 for W. Morris Fine 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, File No. 11774 10.7 Amended and Restated Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan effective January 1, 2009 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, File No. 11774 10.8 Amended and Restated Nonqualified Supplemental Retirement Benefit Plan effective January 1, 2009 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008, File No. 11774 
 75 

10.9(a) 2009 Stock Appreciation Right Plan effective March 2, 2009 
 Incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Proxy Statement dated May 26, 2009, File No. 11774 10.9(b) Form of Stock Appreciation Rights Agreement under 2009 Stock Appreciation Right Plan 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2011, File No. 11774 10.10(a) 2019 Stock Appreciation Rights Plan effective March 11, 2019 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed on May 15, 2019, File No. 333-231486 10.10(b) Form of Stock Appreciation Rights Agreement under 2019 Stock Appreciation Right Plan 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed on May 16, 2019, File No. 11774 10.11 Summary of Non-Employee Director Compensation 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, File No. 11774 10.12 Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, by and between Investors Title Insurance Company and J. Allen Fine, dated May 4, 2022 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, File No. 11774 10.13 Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, by and between Investors Title Insurance Company and James A. Fine, Jr., dated May 4, 2022 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, File No. 11774 10.14 Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, by and between Investors Title Insurance Company and W. Morris Fine, Jr., dated May 4, 2022 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, File No. 11774 10.15 Amended and Restated Death Benefit Plan Agreement, by and between Investors Title Insurance Company and J. Allen Fine, dated May 4, 2022 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, File No. 11774 10.16 Amended and Restated Death Benefit Plan Agreement, by and between Investors Title Insurance Company and James A. Fine, Jr., dated May 4, 2022 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, File No. 11774 10.17 Amended and Restated Death Benefit Plan Agreement, by and between Investors Title Insurance Company and W. Morris Fine, Jr., dated May 4, 2022 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, File No. 11774 16.1 Letter, dated June 7, 2022, from FORVIS, LLP to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 16.1 to Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2022 , File No. 11774 21 Subsidiaries of Registrant 
 Filed herewith 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Filed herewith 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Filed herewith 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Filed herewith 32 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Furnished herewith 101.INS XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) Filed herewith 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document Filed herewith 
 76 

101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document Filed herewith 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document Filed herewith 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document Filed herewith 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document Filed herewith 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Filed herewith 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement 
 
 77 

SCHEDULE I 
 
 INVESTORS TITLE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 General obligations of U.S. states, territories and political subdivisions Special revenue issuer obligations of U.S. states, territories and political subdivisions 
 Public utilities Corporate debt securities Total fixed maturity securities Equity securities: Common stocks: Public utilities Banks, trusts and insurance companies Industrial, miscellaneous and all other Technology Total equity securities Other investments: Short-term investments Other investments (2) Total other investments Total investments (2) 
 
 (1) 
 (2) . 
 (3) 
 78 

SCHEDULE II 
 
 INVESTORS TITLE COMPANY (PARENT COMPANY) 
 Fixed maturity securities, available-for-sale, at fair value 
 Equity securities, at fair value 
 Short-term investments 
 Investments in affiliated companies 
 Other investments 
 Prepaid expenses and other receivables Current income taxes receivable Accrued interest and dividends Property, net Total Assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Current income taxes payable Deferred income taxes, net Total liabilities Shareholders Equity: Preferred stock authorized shares; shares issued) 
 Common stock par value authorized shares; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, excluding in each period shares of common stock held by the Company) 
 Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income Total shareholders equity Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 
 
 Refer to the Notes to Condensed Financial Statements. 
 79 

SCHEDULE II 
 
 INVESTORS TITLE COMPANY (PARENT COMPANY) 
 Net realized investment gains Changes in the estimated fair value of equity security investments ) Rental income Gain on disposals of property Miscellaneous income Total Revenues Operating Expenses: Personnel expenses Office and technology expenses Other expenses Total Operating Expenses Equity in Net Income of Affiliated Companies Income before Income Taxes (Benefit) Provision for Income Taxes ) Net Income Basic Earnings per Common Share Weighted Average Shares Outstanding Basic Diluted Earnings per Common Share Weighted Average Shares Outstanding Diluted 
 
 Refer to the Notes to Condensed Financial Statements. 
 
 80 

SCHEDULE II 
 
 INVESTORS TITLE COMPANY (PARENT COMPANY) 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Equity in net earnings of subsidiaries ) ) Depreciation Amortization, net ) ) Share-based compensation expense related to stock appreciation rights Net realized gains on disposal of property ) Net realized gains on securities ) ) Net realized losses (gains) on other investments ) Changes in the estimated fair value of equity security investments ) Net losses (earnings) from other investments ) (Benefit) provision for deferred income taxes ) Decrease (increase) in receivables ) (Increase) decrease in current income taxes receivable ) (Increase) decrease in other assets ) (Decrease) increase in current income taxes payable ) Increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Investing Activities Dividends received from subsidiaries Purchases of fixed maturity and equity securities ) ) Purchases of short-term securities ) ) Purchases of and net earnings from other investments ) ) Proceeds from sales and maturities of fixed maturity and equity securities Proceeds from sales and maturities of short-term securities Proceeds from sales and distributions of other investments Proceeds from sales of other assets Purchases of property ) Proceeds from disposals of property Net cash provided by investing activities Financing Activities Repurchases of common stock ) Exercise of stock appreciation rights ) ) Capital contribution to subsidiaries ) ) Dividends paid ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents ) Cash and Cash Equivalents, Beginning of Period Cash and Cash Equivalents, End of Period Supplemental Disclosures: Income tax payments, net 
 
 Refer to the Notes to Condensed Financial Statements. 
 81 

SCHEDULE II 
 
 INVESTORS TITLE COMPANY (PARENT COMPANY) 
 Investors Title Exchange Corporation Investors Title Accommodation Corporation Investors Trust Company Investors Title Commercial Agency, LLC Total 
 
 and paid to the Parent Company in 2022 and 2021, respectively, netted with dividends of and received from the Parent Company in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 82 

SCHEDULE III 
 
 INVESTORS TITLE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ) N/A All Other ) N/A ) N/A Year Ended December 31, 2021 (in thousands) Title Insurance N/A All Other N/A N/A 
 
 83 

SCHEDULE IV 
 
 INVESTORS TITLE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 (in thousands) Title Insurance 

84 

SCHEDULE V 
 
 INVESTORS TITLE COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 ) (a) Reserves for claims ) (b) 2021 (in thousands) Premiums receivable: Valuation provision ) (a) Reserves for claims ) (b) 
 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 
 85 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None 
 
 86 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 INVESTORS TITLE COMPANY (Registrant) By: /s/ J. Allen Fine J. Allen Fine, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

March 14, 2023 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 14th day of March, 2023. 
 /s/ J. Allen Fine /s/ James A. Fine, Jr. J. Allen Fine, Chairman of the Board and James A. Fine, Jr., President, Treasurer, Chief Chief Executive Officer Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer and (Principal Executive Officer) Director (Principal Financial Officer and 
 Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ W. Morris Fine /s/ Tammy F. Coley W. Morris Fine, Executive Vice President, Tammy F. Coley, Director Secretary and Director /s/ David L. Francis /s/ Richard M. Hutson II David L. Francis, Director Richard M. Hutson II, Director /s/ Elton C. Parker, Jr. /s/ James E. Scott Elton C. Parker, Jr., Director James E. Scott, Director /s/ James H. Speed, Jr. James H. Speed, Jr., Director 
 
 87 

<EX-21>
 2
 itic_20221231xex-21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT 
 
 Percent Names Under Which State of Name of Subsidiary Ownership Subsidiaries Do Business Incorporation Investors Title Insurance Company 100 Investors Title Insurance Company North Carolina National Investors Title Insurance Company 100 National Investors Title Insurance Company Texas Investors Title Exchange Corporation 100 Investors Title Exchange Corporation North Carolina Investors Title Accommodation Corporation 100 Investors Title Accommodation Corporation South Carolina Investors Title Management Services, Inc. 100 Investors Title Management Services, Inc. North Carolina Investors Title Commercial Agency, LLC 100 Investors Title Commercial Agency, LLC North Carolina Investors Trust Company 100 Investors Trust Company North Carolina National Investors Holdings, LLC 100 National Investors Holdings, LLC Texas United Title Agency, LLC 100 United Title Agency, LLC Michigan University Title Company 100 University Title Company Texas 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 itic_20221231xex-23.htm
 EX-23

Document 

Exhibit 23 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements (Nos. 333-231486, 333-161209 and 333-109279) on Forms S-8 of Investors Title Company of our reports dated March 14, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Investors Title Company and Subsidiaries and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

FORVIS, LLP (Formerly, Dixon Hughes Goodman LLP) 
 High Point, North Carolina 
 March 14, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 itic_20221231xex-311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31(i) 
 
 Certification 
 
 I, J. Allen Fine, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Investors Title Company 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of this annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Dated March 14, 2023 s J. Allen Fine J. Allen Fine Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 itic_20221231xex-312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31(ii) 
 
 Certification 
 
 I, James A. Fine, Jr., certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Investors Title Company 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of this annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Dated March 14, 2023 s James A. Fine, Jr. James A. Fine, Jr. Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 6
 itic_20221231xex-32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 

Certifications 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 As adopted pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Investors Title Company, a North Carolina corporation (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned officers of the Company does hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to each undersigned's knowledge, that 
 
 (i) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (ii) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Dated March 14, 2023 s J. Allen Fine J. Allen Fine Chief Executive Officer Dated March 14, 2023 s James A. Fine, Jr. James A. Fine, Jr. Chief Financial Officer 

This certification is being furnished solely to accompany the Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Report, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 itic-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 itic-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 itic-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 itic-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 itic-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

