<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230307_10-K_edgar_data_1856031_0000950170-23-006371.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>21034584</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>536436</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2389962</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10012879</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3212024</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4418794</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-006371.hdr.sgml : 20230307
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230307070153
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-006371
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		121
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230307
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230307

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Vivid Seats Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001856031
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENT & RECREATION [7990]
		IRS NUMBER:				863355184
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40926
		FILM NUMBER:		23711004

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		24 E. WASHINGTON STREET
		STREET 2:		STE. 900
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60602
		BUSINESS PHONE:		312-291-9966

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		24 E. WASHINGTON STREET
		STREET 2:		STE. 900
		CITY:			CHICAGO
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60602

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-006371.txt : 20230307

10-K
 1
 seat-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

zasa`'ats7i 
 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
 r 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from __________ to __________ 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

24 , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 The aggregate market value of voting and non-voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was appro ximately million. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

As of February 28, 2023, the registr ant had shares of Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, outstanding, net of treasury shares and shares of Class B common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, outstanding. 

Auditor Firm PCAOB ID: 
 
 Auditor Name: 
 
 Auditor Location: 

Page 

PART I 
 
 4 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 14 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 37 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 37 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 37 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 37 

Part II 
 
 37 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 37 

Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 39 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 40 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 55 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 56 

Item 9A. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 101 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 102 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 102 

Part III 
 
 102 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 102 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 102 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 102 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 102 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 102 

Part IV 
 
 102 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 102 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 107 

Signatures 
 108 

forward-looking statements 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements regarding future events and the future results of Vivid Seats Inc. that are based on our current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about the industries in which we operate and the beliefs and assumptions of our management. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Words such as expect, anticipate, target, goal, project, intend, plan, believe, seek, estimate, will, likely, may, designed, would, future, can, could, and other similar expressions which are predictions of, indicate future events and trends or which do not relate to historical matters, are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These statements are based on our current expectations and beliefs and involve a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. 
 For example, we may use forward-looking statements when addressing topics such as: 
 our ability to raise financing in the future; 

our future financial performance; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors; 

our ability to pay dividends on our Class A common stock on the terms currently contemplated or at all; and 

factors relating to our business, operations and financial performance, including, but not limited to: 

o the impact of the pandemic on our business and the industries in which we operate; 

o our ability to compete in the ticketing industry; 

o our ability to maintain relationships with ticket buyers, sellers and distribution partners; 

o our ability to continue to improve our platform and maintain and enhance our brand; 

o the impact of extraordinary events or adverse economic conditions on discretionary consumer and corporate spending or on the supply and demand of live events; 

o our ability to comply with domestic regulatory regimes; 

o our ability to successfully defend against litigation; 

o our ability to maintain the integrity of our information systems and infrastructure, and to mitigate possible cyber security risks; 

o our ability to generate sufficient cash flows or raise additional capital necessary to fund our operations; and 

o other factors detailed under the section entitled Risk Factors. 

We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Forward-looking statements are predictions and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual results may differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this document, or in the case of statements incorporated by reference, on the date of the document incorporated by reference. While we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. 
 1 

Factors that might cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, under the sections entitled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Risk Factors, in our press releases, and other financial filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K whether as a result of new information, future events, or risks. New information, future events, or risks may cause the forward-looking events we discuss in this report not to occur. 
 2 
 
 RISK FACTORS SUMMARY 
 
 You should carefully read this Annual Report on Form 10-K and especially consider the factors discussed in the section entitled Risk Factors. Such risks include, but are not limited to: 
 Risks related to our business and the live events and ticketing industries 
 Our business is dependent on the continued occurrence of large-scale sporting events, concerts and theater shows and on relationships with ticket buyers, sellers and distribution partners and any change in such occurrence or relationships could adversely affect our business. 

Changes in internet search engine algorithms or changes in marketplace rules could have a negative impact on traffic for our sites and ultimately, our business and results of operations. 

We face intense competition in the ticketing industry. 

If we do not continue to maintain and improve our platform or develop successful new solutions and enhancements, or improve existing ones, our business will suffer. 

We may be adversely affected by the occurrence of extraordinary events or the effects of inflation. 

We may be unsuccessful in potential future acquisitions. 

Due to our business's seasonality, our financial performance in particular financial periods may not be indicative of, or comparable to, our financial performance in subsequent financial periods. 

Risks related to the COVID-19 pandemic 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to have, a material negative impact on our business and operating results. 

Risks related to government regulation and litigation 
 The processing, storage, use and disclosure of personal data could give rise to liabilities as a result of governmental regulation, conflicting legal requirements or applications of privacy regulations. 

Unfavorable legislative outcomes, or outcomes in legal proceedings in which we may be involved may adversely affect our business and operating results. 

Risks related to information technology, cybersecurity and intellectual property 
 System interruption and the lack of integration and redundancy in our systems and infrastructure may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Cyber security risks, data loss or other breaches of our network security could materially harm our business and results of operations. 

Our payments system depends on third-party providers. 

Risks related to our indebtedness 
 The agreements governing our indebtedness impose restrictions on us that limit the discretion of management in operating our business. 

We depend on the cash flows of our subsidiaries in order to satisfy our obligations, and we may face liquidity constraints if we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows and we may be unable to raise the additional capital when necessary or desirable. 

Risks related to our organizational structure 
 Our Private Equity Owner controls us, and its interest may conflict with ours in the future. 

3 

We are a controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq listing standards. 

Our Tax Receivable Agreement requires us to make cash payments to Hoya Topco. 

Our only material asset is our direct and indirect interests in Hoya Intermediate. 

Risks related to being a public company 
 We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. 

We are an emerging growth company. 

Warrants will become exercisable for our Class A common stock, which may increase the number of shares eligible for resale in the market and result in dilution to our stockholders. 

Part I 
 Item 1. Business 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this Form 10-K to VSI, we, us, the Company or our refer to Vivid Seats Inc. and its subsidiaries. 
 Overview 
 We are an online ticket marketplace that utilizes our technology platform to connect fans of live events seamlessly with ticket sellers. Our mission is to empower and enable fans to Experience It Live . 
 We believe in the power of shared experiences to connect people with live events delivering some of life s most exciting moments. We are relentless about finding ways to make event discovery and ticket purchasing easy, exciting and stress-free. Our platform provides ticket buyers and sellers with an easy-to-use, trusted marketplace experience, ensuring fans can attend live events and create new memories. 
 We operate a technology platform and marketplace that enables ticket buyers to easily discover and purchase tickets from ticket sellers while enabling ticket sellers to seamlessly manage their operations. To generate ticket sales, drive traffic to our website and mobile applications, and build brand recognition, we have mutually beneficial partnerships with media partners, product and service partners, distribution partners and content rights holders such as teams, leagues and venues. To attract and retain sellers, we offer a variety of products and services that allow their businesses to thrive. 
 Our platform is built on years of transactional and engagement data that provides us with deep insights into how to best connect ticket buyers with the experiences they seek. We understand the feeling of anticipation as the start of an event approaches and work diligently to enable fans to experience as many of these moments as possible. We seek to provide enriching customer engagement opportunities with personalized recommendations, engaging discovery options, a streamlined shopping experience and a differentiated value proposition through competitively priced tickets and loyalty rewards. Our Vivid Seats Rewards program allows ticket buyers to earn Reward Credits to spend on future orders and experience even more of their favorite events. 
 In December 2021, we acquired Betcha Sports, Inc. Betcha ), a real money daily fantasy sports app with social and gamification features. In August 2022, we rebranded Betcha as Vivid Picks, LLC Vivid Picks and integrated the product into our ecosystem. We leverage the natural overlap between sports fans who play fantasy and sports fans who buy tickets. We also learn more about our customer preferences, and foster engagement between ticketing transactions. Within the Vivid Picks app, users are able to place entries and engage socially, as well as browse, discover, and buy tickets to events. 
 As a two-sided marketplace, our customer base includes both ticket buyers and ticket sellers, as well as Vivid Picks daily fantasy sports users. 
 Our Business Model 
 4 

We operate our business in two segments, Marketplace and Resale. 
 Marketplace 
 In our Marketplace segment, we act as an intermediary between ticket buyers and sellers through which we earn revenue from processing ticket sales on our website and mobile applications and sales initiated through our numerous distribution partners. Our Marketplace segment also includes our daily fantasy sports offering, where users partake in contests by making picks from a variety of sport and player matchups. Using our online platform, customers are able to make payments, deposits and withdrawals, and we coordinate ticket deliveries, and provide customer service to our ticket buyers and sellers and daily fantasy sports users. We do not hold ticket inventory in our Marketplace segment. 
 We primarily earn revenue from service and delivery fees charged to ticket buyers. We also earn referral fee revenue by offering event ticket insurance to ticket buyers, using a third-party insurance provider. The revenue we earn from our daily fantasy sports offering is the difference between cash entry fees collected and cash amounts paid out to users for winning picks, less customer promotions and incentives in a period. 
 We incur costs for developing and maintaining our platform, providing back-office and customer support to ticket buyers, sellers and daily fantasy sports users, facilitating payments and shipping non-electronic tickets. We also incur substantial marketing costs, primarily related to online advertising. 
 A key component of our platform is Skybox, a proprietary enterprise resource planning ERP tool used by the majority of our ticket sellers. Skybox is a free-to-use system that helps ticket sellers manage ticket inventories, adjust pricing, and fulfill orders across multiple ticket resale marketplaces. Professional ticket sellers use an ERP to manage their operations and Skybox is their most widely adopted ERP. 
 The tickets we sell through our Marketplace segment are diversified across event categories including sports, concerts and theater. A diversified mix across these three major categories broadens our opportunities, limits exposure to any particular category, and reduces seasonal variation in order volumes. 
 Within each of these categories, there are a broad range of productions that provide further diversification: 
 Sports. The sports category includes the four major professional leagues (MLB, NFL, NBA and NHL), college sports and a wide variety of other sporting activities including soccer, racing and minor league baseball. 

Concerts. The concert category includes musical acts across a broad range of genres touring across major venues, small venues, and music festivals. 

Theater. The theater category includes Broadway and off-Broadway plays and musicals, family entertainment events, comedy acts, and speaker series. 

Resale 
 In our Resale segment, we acquire tickets to resell on secondary ticket marketplaces, including our own. Our Resale segment also provides internal research and development support for Skybox and our ongoing efforts to deliver industry-leading seller software and tools. 
 Our Growth Strategies 
 New Customer Acquisition via Performance Marketing 
 Fans interested in attending live events frequently utilize internet search engines to browse tickets. With our proprietary digital marketing technology and real-time first-party data, we have historically captured customer search traffic within reasonable customer acquisition cost thresholds. We will continue to hone our performance marketing algorithms, test new performance marketing channels and invest to acquire new customers where we identify positive lifetime value. 
 5 

Increase Our Brand Awareness and Affinity 
 We want Vivid Seats to be the go-to ticketing marketplace for buyers and sellers when searching for, purchasing and selling event tickets. We seek to offer the best value to ticket buyers and sellers in the secondary ticketing market and want to amplify our message to maximize awareness of what differentiates our offerings. We differentiate ourselves from competitors by offering an extensive breadth and depth of ticket listings at a competitive value. Our Vivid Seats Rewards program allows ticket buyers to earn Reward Credits to spend on future orders, enhancing our value proposition, and also surprises and delights buyers with other perks and upgrades. Our most recent brand campaign connects Vivid Seats with the number 11 and drives awareness of the key tenet of our Vivid Seats Rewards program, the free 11 th ticket. 
 We offer a reliable and secure experience for ticket buyers. We provide our buyers with award-winning customer service and a 100 buyer guarantee. Our 100 buyer guarantee provides full-service customer care, safe and secure transactions and valid tickets, which are delivered before the event. Our ticket buyers receive compensation for late delivery of tickets and cancelled events. Live event tickets are often a significant purchase. The more customers understand our value proposition, appreciate that we are a trusted marketplace, develop an affinity for our brand, and interact with our platform, the more transactions we expect to complete. 
 Increase Customer Retention 
 Once customers transact with us, many return and complete additional transactions. We seek to increase both the number and frequency of these repeat customer visits and transactions by having ticket buyers view us as their ticketing platform of choice. The combination of our Vivid Seats Rewards program, increasing brand awareness and ongoing product improvements will drive a more personalized and engaging experience and will result in greater affinity towards our marketplace. As ticket buyers gain a full appreciation of our value proposition relative to other ticketing marketplaces, we anticipate they will increasingly choose us over other marketplaces and make purchases more frequently. We typically incur lower marketing costs from repeat customers that go directly to our website and mobile application to browse and place orders. 
 Increase Customer Engagement 
 We want to connect with our customers and we want our customers to connect with us. Such engagement allows us to know our customers better, fosters brand affinity and ultimately drives higher repeat purchase activity. We aim to close the awareness gap to ensure that our ticket buyers know when their favorite artists or sports teams are performing or playing near them. Accordingly, we strive to improve the discovery process to help our ticket buyers attend more of their favorite events. 
 We provide customized content to our customers to enhance their experience while driving continued engagement. We provide a broad selection of competitively priced tickets and personalized recommendations, blog content, and industry news. Additionally, with Vivid Picks we provide an adjacent opportunity for our sports fans to partake in a fun, interactive gamification experience where they can play and win real money. 
 Develop Additional Seller Tools and Services 
 We enable our ticket sellers to thrive by offering products and services that support their business needs. Our proprietary Skybox platform helps ticket sellers manage their inventory, set pricing, fulfill orders, and track sales. We have a proud history of innovating to support our ticket sellers and continue to develop additional tools and service offerings that address existing problems or add efficiency to the sales and fulfillment process. As we increase the quality and depth of our seller tools and service offerings, we will attract additional sellers and listings to our platform, reinforce our existing seller relationships and help sellers improve the efficiency of their business processes. We anticipate this will result in more transactions in our marketplace. 
 Expand our Partnerships 
 Partnerships are an important and additive part of our ecosystem. They help generate ticket sales, drive traffic to our website and mobile applications and build brand recognition. Our partner ecosystem includes: 
 6 

Media Partners . We have partnered with well-known media companies to integrate our branding, promotions and links to allow their users to access and purchase tickets from us. By working with media partners, we broaden our reach and cultivate brand awareness with high-value live event fans. We enhance their users' experiences by providing a wide variety of tickets at competitive prices. Our partnership with ESPN, for example, exposes our tickets sellers inventory to new audiences with high interest in attending a variety of live sporting events. 

Product and Service Partners . We partner with providers of related products and services when they are additive to our customers' experiences. For example, we offer ticket buyers the option to purchase ticket insurance and are exploring several relevant adjacencies that seek to add value to the customer experience. 

Distribution Partners . We allow our distribution partners to offer event tickets to their existing customers by leveraging our technology, fulfillment and customer service capabilities. 

Content Rights Holders Partners . Teams, leagues and venues engage with us in partnerships in which we receive certain marketing or advertising rights in exchange for a monetary commitment. We may also receive ticket allotments, or the right to purchase tickets, from these partners. 

We will continue to seek out mutually beneficial partnerships in our existing ecosystem and other categories that improve the experience for our customers while leveraging our existing brand, traffic and reputation. 
 Our Platform 
 Modern Technology that Delivers a Seamless Experience 
 Our built in the cloud technology platform supports all elements of the customer experience. Customers can search for an event, buy or sell a ticket, engage with curated content, and contact customer support. Our technology mission is to continually innovate and deliver market-leading products and services that support the evolving needs and preferences of ticket buyers, ticket sellers and daily fantasy sports users. Our scalable, reliable and performant systems power a consumer and partner-facing platform that supports ticket buyers while our tools power inventory management and ticket fulfillment for ticket sellers. 
 Buyer Technology and Products 
 Our consumer systems are designed to respond to the dynamic, fast-paced landscape of the live events industry. Our marketplace, supported by proprietary digital marketing technology, is adept at capitalizing on demand opportunities by bringing ticket buyers to our platform for their desired event and seamlessly supporting their shopping and checkout experience. We continually invest in optimizing our consumer-facing technology across our website and mobile applications. We see opportunities to create engaging and delightful experiences through a wide range of event ticket listings, relevant content, curated recommendations and a seamless checkout process. We power that experience through a host of technology systems that consider historical transactional and engagement behavior, proximity and ticket buyer preferences. We leverage the latest technologies in search, customer relationship management and data analytics and incorporate these capabilities into our advanced and flexible infrastructure. 
 Seller Technology and Products 
 Skybox, our premier ERP, enables ticket sellers to manage, price and fulfill their inventory. Utilizing a cloud-based technology infrastructure and a web-based application interface, Skybox serves as an asset to the entire ticket seller ecosystem. We invest in building capabilities that serve the needs of small, medium and large ticket sellers alike, including offering free integrations to other inventory distribution channels and third-party tools. Skybox allows ticket sellers to more effectively move their inventory, which in turn helps to increase the number of orders transacted in our marketplace. 
 Partner Technology and Products 
 7 

Our platform allows distribution partners to bring additional ticket buyer demand into our ecosystem. Distribution partners can integrate our event feeds and ticket listings into their online properties through application programming interfaces APIs or fully-managed web sites. We also provide turn-key checkout, customer service and fulfillment. This offering increases the number of ticket buyers and sellers accessing our platform, allowing us to leverage our scale to drive operational and marketplace efficiencies while enabling our partners to offer additional products to their customers. 
 Technology Infrastructure 
 Our platform is extensible and flexible. We can integrate with new partners, target new customer channels, access new supply bases, and connect with complementary technologies. 
 We have scalable and reliable systems. We continue to build and modernize our technology infrastructure to support the growth of our marketplace. We can handle increases from unpredictable surges in site traffic across our ticket buyer, seller and partner platform. We utilize a host of technology availability, monitoring and scaling solutions to respond to rapid changes for a business that operates around the clock. 
 Our technology architecture is service-oriented, cloud-based, and modular. Each individual component of our architecture is independent. We can innovate quickly, increase development velocity and leverage new development technologies available in the market. We can also scale our platform to meet changing levels of ticket buyer demand and evolving ticket seller needs. 
 Third-Party Developers 
 Our APIs allow a broad ecosystem of third-party tools and systems to integrate with our platform. Third-party tools integrate with our marketplace ticket broker API and ticket broker portal to streamline and automate the sales and fulfillment process. Our Skybox ERP integrates with numerous third-party automation and workflow management solutions. Thus, ticket sellers can leverage other applications and functions to support the specific needs of their business. 
 Our Values 
 Our passion and excitement for live events drives us to provide memorable experiences and services to our customers and partners. 
 Our values ground us in all that we do: 
 We Create Exceptional Experiences. Whether we are engaging with a customer, partner or teammate, we do not compromise when it comes to their experience. We hold ourselves accountable and lean into every connection to make the moment count. 

We Raise the Bar. We shape our industry. We are ambitious and disciplined teammates who make smart plays and get better every day. 

We Commit as a Team. We are one team that trusts and supports each other, and we are ready to tackle the most difficult challenges. 

We Embrace Change. The only constant is change; we are ready for it. As a team, we are energized by working with speed and agility to anticipate both the known and unknown. 

We Enhance Communities. We invest in our communities. We are united in raising awareness around causes close to our hearts and are passionate about giving back. We are proud to partner with national and local community organizations including Make-A-Wish , MusiCares, Chicago s Lurie Children s Hospital and Ronald McDonald house where our employees have provided care packages, donated wish list gifts, and hosted patients and families at live events. We, and our ticket buyers, have been proud to support MusiCares, the Recording Academy s charity, and their efforts to provide relief for the live events community which is vital in bringing to life those events that are cherished by fans across the 

8 

country. We have donated more than 2 million since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic to help strengthen MusiCares relief efforts. In 2022, through our charitable foundation Vivid Cheers, we launched a partnership with Make-A-Wish , the global organization responsible for creating life-changing wishes for children with critical illnesses. Through this partnership we have pledged 250,000 to share once in a lifetime experiences with children and families in their time of need. 

Employees and Human Capital 
 We are passionate about facilitating amazing experiences for our customers and we are similarly intent on providing compelling experiences for our employees. In 2022 we were named to Built In Chicago s Best Places to Work and Fast Company s Best Workplaces for Innovators lists. Our employees give us a competitive advantage. To support our employees, we have built a company culture that empowers them to embrace challenges, collaborate freely and seek to constantly evolve. We strive to hire talented, dedicated and diverse team members. As of December 31, 2022, we had 575 full-time employees, with most of our employees based at one of our three office locations in Chicago, Illinois; Coppell, Texas; and Toronto, Canada. 
 The main objectives of our human capital resources are identifying, recruiting, developing, incentivizing and retaining our existing and new employees. Our talent management team identifies key positions based on current and future business strategies and creates robust programs for talent development, including evaluating bench strength, building redundancy, and identifying potential successors. In addition to providing an engaging work environment, we provide a robust assortment of benefits including healthcare and retirement programs, flexible paid time off, paid parental leave, wellness programs, in-office and remote working perks, and ticket discounts. 
 Competition 
 Our business faces significant competition from other primary and secondary ticketing service providers to acquire new and retain existing ticket buyers and sellers. Our main competitive factors are: 
 availability and variety of ticket offerings; 

pricing, including pricing in the primary ticket market; 

acquiring customer traffic by way of internet search engines impacting customer acquisition and marketing costs; 

brand recognition; and 

technology, including functionality and ease of use to search for offerings and complete a purchase. 

We have several competitive advantages that enable us to maintain and grow our position as a leading secondary ticket provider: 
 wide selection of listings and ticketing options; 

competitive pricing; 

Vivid Seats Rewards, the most comprehensive loyalty program among our key competitors; 

full-service marketplace with excellent customer service; 

proprietary performance marketing algorithms supported by first-party and real-time data; 

scale, profitable unit economics and strong balance sheet; 

close relationships with, and excellent customer service provided to, our professional ticket sellers and 

free-to-use Skybox ERP for professional ticket sellers, the most widely adopted in the industry. 

Our key competitors are StubHub, Ticketmaster, SeatGeek and TicketNetwork. 
 9 

With our real money daily fantasy sports offering on our Vivid Picks app, we face a highly competitive gaming market, including other free-to-play and real money online gaming and daily fantasy sports providers. We provide a differentiated product and experience to users with an easy-to-use app with simple player props. The app is enhanced by social and gamification features, the opportunity to play and win real money and the availability to purchase tickets directly in the app. 
 We also face competition from other avenues for entertainment. Consumers have a wide array of entertainment options including restaurants, movies and television and we compete for the discretionary spend of our ticket buyers and daily fantasy sports users. 
 Government Regulation 
 Government regulation impacts key aspects of our business. These laws and regulations involve: 
 privacy, 

data protection, 

intellectual property, 

competition, 

consumer protection, 

ticketing, 

payments, 

export taxation, and 

sports gaming. 

For example, we are required to comply with federal, state and international laws regarding privacy and the storing, sharing, use, disclosure and protection of personally identifiable information and user data, an area that is increasingly subject to legislation and regulations in numerous jurisdictions, including the California Consumer Privacy Act. 
 From time to time, federal, state, local and international authorities and/or consumers commence investigations, inquiries or litigation with respect to our compliance with applicable consumer protection, advertising, unfair business practice, antitrust (and similar or related laws) and other laws, particularly as related to ticket resale services. Some jurisdictions prohibit the resale of event tickets at prices above the face value of the tickets or at all, or highly regulate the resale of tickets. New laws and regulations or changes to existing laws and regulations could limit or inhibit our ability to operate, or our ticket buyers and sellers ability to continue to use, our ticket marketplace. For example, New York amended its Arts and Cultural Affairs Law to require additional disclosures by ticket marketplaces and restricted a ticket marketplace s ability to charge fees for the e-delivery of tickets. 
 As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we experienced a high volume of event reschedules, postponements, and cancellations and made certain changes to our refund practices. Although we have restored our refund policies to be consistent with our policies pre-pandemic, such changes to our refund practices have drawn the attention of, and inquiry from, various attorneys general and other regulators. 
 We are subject to laws and regulations that affect companies conducting business on the Internet in many jurisdictions where we operate. With the continued state adoption of internet sales tax laws and marketplace facilitator laws, more buyers across the United States will encounter sales tax on our platform in the future. Tax collection responsibility and the additional costs associated with complex sales and use tax collection, remittance and audit requirements could create additional burdens for ticket buyers and sellers on our website and mobile applications. 
 10 

Many of the laws and regulations to which we are subject are still evolving and being tested in courts and could be interpreted in ways that could harm our business. In addition, the application and interpretation of these laws and regulations often are uncertain, particularly in the rapidly evolving industry in which we operate. Compliance with these laws, regulations, and similar requirements may be onerous and expensive, and variances and inconsistencies from jurisdiction to jurisdiction may further increase the cost of compliance and doing business. 
 Intellectual Property 
 Our business relies substantially on the creation, use and protection of intellectual property related to our platform and services. We protect our intellectual property through a combination of trademarks, domain names, copyrights and trade secrets, and we are currently pursuing patent protection in connection with certain technology developments. We further protect our intellectual property through contractual provisions with employees, customers, suppliers, partners, affiliates and others, including, but not limited to, employee confidentiality and intellectual property assignment agreements, and commercial contracts that protect our intellectual property and other confidential information. 
 Seasonality 
 Our financial results can be impacted by seasonality, with increased activity in the fourth quarter when all major sports leagues are in season and we experience an increase in order volume for theater events during the holiday season and concert on-sales for the subsequent year. 
 Corporate Information 
 Vivid Seats was founded in 2001, and in 2004, we launched our website www.vividseats.com. In 2010, we launched our marketplace platform, which we scaled rapidly while we developed and refined our proprietary systems to enable us to best serve our customers. We launched Skybox in 2014, a free-to-use cloud-based ERP tool for sellers to manage their business, and first deployed our mobile application in 2015 to capture the increasing volume of tickets purchased through mobile channels. In 2019, we launched our loyalty program, and have since focused on building long-term customer value thorough brand affinity and a differentiated value proposition. 
 In March of 2021, we incorporated an entity in Delaware for the purpose of completing the transactions contemplated by the transaction agreement dated April 21, 2021 (the Transaction Agreement among Horizon Acquisition Corporation Horizon ), a publicly traded special purpose acquisition company, Horizon Sponsor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Horizon Sponsor ), Hoya Intermediate, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Hoya Intermediate ), and Hoya Topco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Hoya Topco ). 
 In October 2021, as contemplated by the Transaction Agreement, Horizon merged with us (the Merger Transaction ), upon which the separate corporate existence of Horizon ended and we remained as the surviving entity. At the same time, we became a publicly traded company listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market Nasdaq with our Class A common stock trading under the symbol SEAT and warrants trading under the symbol SEATW. 
 Our internet address is www.vividseats.com. At our Investor Relations website, investors.vividseats.com, we make available free of charge a variety of information for investors, including our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file that material with or furnish it to the SEC. Material contained on our internet site is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Directors 
 The following table provides summary information about each of our directors as of December 31, 2022: 
 11 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Director Since 
 
 Audit Committee 
 
 Compensation Committee 
 
 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

Stanley Chia 
 
 41 
 
 2021 

Mark Anderson 
 
 47 
 
 2021 

C 

Todd Boehly 
 
 49 
 
 2021 

M 

Jane DeFlorio 
 
 52 
 
 2021 
 
 C 

Craig Dixon 
 
 47 
 
 2021 
 
 M 

David Donnini 
 
 57 
 
 2021 

C 
 
 M 

Tom Ehrhart 
 
 35 
 
 2021 

M 

Julie Masino 
 
 52 
 
 2021 
 
 M 
 
 M 

Martin Taylor 
 
 53 
 
 2021 

C Chairperson; M - Member 
 Stanley Chia . From April 2015 until November 2018, Mr. Chia served as Chief Operating Officer at Grubhub Inc. He serves on the Board and Nominating Committee of 1871 and on the President s Advisory Board of the Georgia Institute of Technology. Mr. Chia graduated from the Georgia Institute of Technology and Emory University Goizueta Business School. Mr. Chia also served in the Singapore Armed Forces as an Armored Infantry Platoon Commander. 
 Mark M. Anderson . Since 2000, Mr. Anderson has worked at GTCR, most recently as a Managing Director. Mr. Anderson has served on the board of Gogo Inc. (NASDAQ: GOGO) since March 2021, where he is a member of Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and also serves on the boards of CommerceHub and Jet Support Services Inc. Mr. Anderson graduated from the University of Virginia and Harvard Business School. 
 Todd Boehly . From June 2020 to October 2021, Mr. Boehly served as the Chief Executive Officer and member of the Board of Directors of Horizon Acquisition Corporation Horizon and from July 2020 to October 2021, he served as Horizon s Chief Financial Officer and Chairman. Mr. Boehly has also served as the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director of Horizon Acquisition Corporation II (NYSE: HZON) since August 2020 and of Horizon Acquisition Corporation III (NYSE: HZNA) since November 2020. In 2015, Mr. Boehly co-founded Eldridge, a holding company with a unique network of businesses across finance, technology, real estate and entertainment, and since then has served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. From 2002 to 2015, Mr. Boehly worked at Guggenheim Partners, most recently as president. Mr. Boehly serves on the board of directors of Kennedy-Wilson Holdings (NYSE: KW), the Los Angeles Lakers, Flexjet, PayActiv, CAIS, and Cain International. Mr. Boehly graduated from the College of William Mary. He also studied at the London School of Economics. 
 Jane DeFlorio . Ms. DeFlorio was Managing Director of Deutsche Bank AG Retail/Consumer Sector Investment Banking Coverage from 2007 to 2013. From 2002 to 2007, Ms. DeFlorio was an Executive Director in the Investment Banking Consumer and Retail Group at UBS Investment Bank. Ms. DeFlorio has served on the Board of SITE Centers Corp. (NYSE: SITC) since 2017, where she is Chair of the Audit Committee and a member of the Compensation and Pricing Committees. Ms. DeFlorio served as a Director of Perry Ellis International from 2014 to 2018. Ms. DeFlorio is a member of the Board of Trustees and Chairman of the Audit and Risk Committee at The New School University in New York City. She also serves on the Boards of Directors for The Parsons School of Design and the Museum at Fashion Institute of Technology. Ms. DeFlorio graduated from the University of Notre Dame and Harvard Business School. 
 Craig Dixon . Mr. Dixon is the Co-Founder and Co-Chief Executive Officer of The St. James, a leading developer and operator of premium performance, wellness and lifestyle brands, technology experiences and destinations. From 2006 to 2013, Mr. Dixon was Senior Counsel and Assistant Corporate Secretary at Smithfield Foods, a global food business. Mr. Dixon began his legal career at McGuireWoods LLP and Cooley LLP, and as a Law Clerk to the Honorable James R. Spencer, United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. He is a member of the Board of Trustees of Episcopal High School. Mr. Dixon graduated from the College of William Mary and William Mary School of Law. 
 David Donnini . Mr. Donnini joined GTCR in 1991 and is currently a Managing Director. Prior to joining GTCR, Mr. Donnini worked at Bain Company. Mr. Donnini is currently a Director of AssuredPartners, Consumer Cellular, Park 
 12 

Place Technologies and Sotera (NYSE: SHC), where he serves on the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Mr. Donnini graduated from Yale University and Stanford Graduate School of Business. 
 Tom Ehrhart . Mr. Ehrhart joined GTCR in 2012 and is currently a Director. Prior to joining GTCR, Mr. Ehrhart worked as an Analyst in the Financial Institutions group at Credit Suisse. Mr. Ehrhart serves on the Board of Directors of AssuredPartners and Consumer Cellular. He was previously a Director of GreatCall and Park Place Technologies. Mr. Ehrhart graduated from Georgetown University. 
 Julie Masino . Since January 2020, Ms. Masino has served as the President, International of Taco Bell, a subsidiary of Yum! Brands (NYSE: YUM). From January 2018 to December 2019, Ms. Masino served as President, North America of Taco Bell. Ms. Masino held senior positions at Mattel (NASDAQ: MAT) from April 2017 to January 2018 and at Sprinkles Cupcakes from 2014 to 2017. Ms. Masino serves on the board of PhysicianOne Urgent Care. Ms. Masino graduated from Miami University. 
 Martin Taylor . Mr. Taylor has been an Operating Managing Director at Vista Equity Partners since 2006. Prior to joining Vista, Mr. Taylor spent over 13 years at Microsoft Corporation, including in roles managing corporate strategy, sales, product marketing and segment focused teams in North America and Latin America. Mr. Taylor has served on the board of Jamf Holding Corp. (NASDAQ: JAMF) since 2017 and Integral Ad Science (NASDAQ: IAS) since 2018, where he serves on the Compensation, Nominating and Governance Committees. He served on the board of Ping Identity Holding Corp. (NYSE: PING) from November 2016 until October 2022 when it was acquired. Mr. Taylor graduated from George Mason University. 
 Executive Officers 
 Below are the names, ages and principal occupations of each of our current executive officers. All such persons have been elected to serve until their successors are elected and qualified or until their earlier resignation or removal. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Executive Officer Since 
 
 Position 

Stanley Chia 
 
 41 
 
 2018 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Lawrence Fey 
 
 42 
 
 2020 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Riva Bakal 
 
 38 
 
 2021 
 
 Chief Product and Strategy Officer 

Emily Epstein 
 
 45 
 
 2022 
 
 General Counsel 

Jon Wagner 
 
 50 
 
 2018 
 
 Chief Technology Officer 

Lawrence Fey. Mr. Fey joined Vivid Seats in April 2020 and served as a member of our Board from July 2017 through February 2020. From 2005 until 2020, he worked at GTCR, a private equity firm, most recently serving as a Managing Director. While at GTCR, Mr. Fey was a member of the Board of many successful investments, including Six3 Systems, CAMP Systems, Zayo Group, Cision, Park Place Technologies, GreatCall, Simpli.fi and EaglePicher. Mr. Fey graduated from Dartmouth College. 
 Riva Bakal. Ms. Bakal joined Vivid Seats in February 2019 as our Vice President of Strategy and Corporate Development and was promoted to Chief Product and Strategy Officer in March 2022. From August 2016 to December 2018, Ms. Bakal held a variety of senior positions across functions at Grubhub, most recently serving as Vice President of Market Operations. Ms. Bakal is a graduate of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Harvard Business School. 
 Emily Epstein. Ms. Epstein joined Vivid Seats in October 2022. From January 2022 to July 2022, Ms. Epstein was General Counsel at Datto, Inc. From December 2020 to January 2022, she was Deputy General Counsel Corporate Secretary for Coupang, Inc. From November 2016 to December 2020, she served in various leadership positions at Nielsen Holdings Inc., including Deputy Chief Legal Officer. Prior to that, Ms. Epstein worked in the legal department at American Express Company. She began her legal career at Simpson Thacher Bartlett LLP. Ms. Epstein is a graduate of Harvard University and the University of Virginia School of Law. 
 Jon Wagner. Mr. Wagner joined Vivid Seats in December 2018 with over 25 years of experience in the technology sector, including most recently as a freelance Decision Engineering Consultant from January 2018 to December 2018. 
 13 

From June 2017 to January 2018, Mr. Wagner served as Co-Founder of Aidan.ai, a start-up specializing in applied artificial intelligence, from February 2017 to May 2017, he served as Vice President of Systems and Decision Engineering at Grubhub, and from March 2015 to February 2017, he served as Chief Operating Officer of Zoomer, a B2B food delivery company. Mr. Wagner graduated from La Salle University. 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Set forth below, elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in other documents we file with the SEC are risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We note that factors set forth below, individually or in the aggregate, as well as additional risks and uncertainties either not presently known or that are currently believed to not be material to the business, may cause our actual results to differ materially from expected and historical results. You should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. Consequently, you should not consider the following to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties and the risks described below should be carefully considered together with the other information set forth in this report and in future documents we file with the SEC. 
 Risks Relating to Our Business and the Live Events and Ticketing Industries 
 Our success depends on the supply and demand of concert, sporting and theater events and if either declines, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 A reduction in the number of live concert, sporting and theater events will have an adverse effect on our revenue and operating income. Many of the factors affecting the number and availability of live concert, sporting and theater events are beyond our control. For instance, certain sports leagues have experienced labor disputes leading to threatened or actual player lockouts. Any such lockouts that result in shortened or cancelled seasons will adversely impact our business due to fewer events and increased event cancellations as well as the possibility of decreased attendance following such a lockout due to adverse fan reaction. 
 A decline in attendance at live concert, sporting and theater events may also have an adverse effect on our revenue and operating income. Our business depends on discretionary consumer and corporate spending. Many factors related to corporate spending and discretionary consumer spending, including economic conditions affecting disposable consumer income such as unemployment levels, fuel prices, interest rates, changes in tax rates and tax laws that impact companies or individuals, and rising inflation can significantly impact our operating results. Business conditions, as well as various industry conditions, can also significantly impact our operating results as these factors can affect premium seat sales. Negative factors such as challenging economic conditions and public concerns over terrorism and security incidents, particularly when combined, can also impact corporate and consumer spending. During periods of economic slowdown and recession, many consumers have historically reduced their discretionary spending. The risks associated with our business will become more acute in periods of a slowing economy or recession, which may be accompanied by a decrease in attendance at live concert, sporting and theater events. 
 The impact of economic slowdowns could result in reductions in ticket sales and could have an adverse effect on our ability to generate revenue. We have limited operating history during economic slowdowns as our marketplace developed subsequent to the last significant financial crisis (starting in 2008 and 2009). The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic starting in 2020 and related economic slowdown impacted our business through event cancellations and restrictions but may not be representative of an economic slowdown or recession not induced by a pandemic. Despite slowing economic activity in 2022, demand for live events remained strong. However, there can be no assurance that consumer and corporate spending will not subsequently be adversely impacted by any future deterioration in economic conditions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business is dependent on the continued occurrence of large-scale sporting events, concerts and theater shows and any decrease in the number of such events will result in decreased demand for our services. 
 Ticket sales are sensitive to fluctuations in the number of entertainment, sporting and theater events and activities offered by promoters, teams and facilities, and adverse trends in the entertainment, sporting and leisure event 
 14 

industries could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We rely on artists, entertainers and teams to create and perform at live music, sporting and theater events, and any unwillingness to tour, lack of availability of popular artists or decrease in the number of games or performances held could limit our ability to generate revenue. Accordingly, our success depends upon the ability of these promoters, teams and facilities to correctly anticipate public demand for particular events, as well as the availability of popular artists, entertainers and teams, and any decrease in availability or failure to anticipate public demand could result in reduced demand for our services, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business depends on relationships with ticket buyers, sellers and distribution partners, and any adverse changes in these relationships will adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business is dependent on maintaining our deep and longstanding relationships with the parties that use our platform to buy and sell tickets, including ticket buyers, sellers, and distribution partners. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to maintain existing relationships, or enter into new relationships, on acceptable terms, if at all, and the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Changes in internet search engine algorithms and dynamics, or search engine disintermediation, or changes in marketplace rules could have a negative impact on traffic for our sites and ultimately, our business and results of operations. 
 We rely heavily on internet search engines, such as Google, to generate traffic to our website, through a combination of organic and paid searches. Search engines frequently update and change the logic that determines the placement and display of results of a user s search, such that the purchased or algorithmic placement of links to our website can be negatively affected. In addition, a search engine could, for competitive or other purposes, alter its search algorithms or results causing our website to be placed lower in organic search query results. If a major search engine changes its algorithms in a manner that negatively affects the search engine ranking of our website or those of our partners, our business, results of operations and financial condition would be harmed. Furthermore, our failure to successfully manage our search engine optimization could result in a substantial decrease in traffic to our website, as well as increased costs if we were to replace free traffic with paid traffic, which may harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We also rely on application marketplaces, such as Apple s App Store and Google s Play, to enable downloads of our applications. Such marketplaces have in the past made, and may in the future make, changes that make access to our products more difficult or limit the features we are able to offer. For example, our applications may receive unfavorable treatment compared to the promotion and placement of competing applications, such as the order in which they appear within marketplaces. Further, iOS and Android apps are an important distribution channel for sales of our tickets. If Apple or Google choose to charge commissions or fees on our revenue from App-based purchases, and we fail to negotiate favorable terms, it may harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. Similarly, if problems arise in our relationships with providers of application marketplaces, our user growth could be harmed. 
 We face intense competition in the ticketing industry, and we may not be able to maintain or increase our ticket listings and sales, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business faces significant competition from other national, regional and local primary and secondary ticketing service providers to secure new and retain existing ticket buyers, sellers, and distribution partners on a continuous basis. We also face competition in the resale of tickets from other professional ticket resellers. The intense competition that we face in the ticketing industry could cause the volume of our ticketing business to decline, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Other competitive variables that could lead to a decrease in orders, ticket prices, fees and/or profit margins that could adversely affect our financial performance include: 
 competitors offerings that may include more favorable terms or pricing; 

15 

competitors' increase in marketing spending; 

technological changes and innovations that we are unable to adopt or are late in adopting that offer more attractive alternatives; 

other entertainment options or ticket inventory selection and variety that we do not offer; 

increased pricing in the primary ticket marketplace, which could result in reduced profits for secondary ticket sellers; 

primary ticket marketplaces trying to restrict ticket sales by secondary marketplaces; and 

increased search engine marketing costs as competitors increase bid prices. 

In addition, competition within the gaming and fantasy sports industry is significant, and our existing and potential users may elect to use competing daily fantasy sports products. 
 If we do not continue to maintain and improve our platform or develop successful new solutions and enhancements, our business will suffer. 
 Our ability to attract and retain ticket buyers, sellers, and distribution partners depends in large part on our ability to provide a user-friendly and effective platform, develop and improve our platform and introduce compelling new solutions and enhancements. Our industry is characterized by rapidly changing technology, service and product introductions and changing demands of ticket buyers, sellers, and distribution partners. We spend substantial time and resources understanding such parties needs and responding to them. Building new solutions is costly and complex, and the timetable for commercial release is difficult to predict and may vary from our historical experience. In addition, after development, ticket buyers, sellers, and distribution partners may not be satisfied with our enhancements or perceive that the enhancements do not adequately meet their needs. The success of a new solution or enhancement to our platform can depend on several factors, including timely completion and delivery, competitive pricing, adequate quality testing, integration with our platform, user awareness and overall market acceptance and adoption. If we do not continue to maintain and improve our platform or develop successful new solutions and enhancements or improve existing ones, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be harmed. 
 The reputation and brand of our marketplace is important to our success, and if we are not able to maintain and enhance our brand, our business, financial condition and results of operation may be adversely affected. 
 Maintaining and enhancing our reputation and brand as a differentiated ticketing marketplace serving ticket buyers, sellers and distribution partners is critical in retaining our relationships with our existing ticket buyers, sellers and distribution partners and to our ability to attract new ticketing buyers, sellers and distribution partners. The successful promotion of our brand attributes will depend on a number of factors that we control and some factors outside of our control. 
 The promotion of our brand requires us to make substantial expenditures and management investment, which will increase as our market becomes more competitive and as we seek to expand our marketplace. To the extent these activities yield increased revenue, this revenue may not offset the increased expenses we incur. If we do not successfully maintain and enhance our brand and successfully differentiate our marketplace from competitive products and services, our business may not grow, we may not be able to compete effectively and we could lose ticket buyers, sellers or distribution partners or fail to attract potential new ticket buyers, sellers and distribution partners, all of which would adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 There are also factors outside of our control, which could undermine our reputation and harm our brand. Negative perception of our marketplace may harm our business, including as a result of complaints or negative publicity about us; the promotion on our platform of events that are deemed to be COVID-19 superspreader events by the media; our inability to timely comply with local laws, regulations and/or consumer protection related guidance; the use of our platform to sell fraudulent tickets; responsiveness to issues or complaints and timing of refunds and/or reversal 
 16 

of payments through our platform; actual or perceived disruptions or defects in our platform; security incidents; or lack of awareness of our policies or changes to our policies that sellers, buyers or others perceive as overly restrictive, unclear or inconsistent with our values. 
 If we are unable to maintain a reputable platform that provides valuable solutions and desirable events, then our ability to attract and retain sellers, buyers and distribution partners could be impaired and our reputation, brand and business could be harmed. 
 We may be adversely affected by the occurrence of extraordinary events, such as terrorist attacks, disease epidemics or pandemics, severe weather events and natural disasters. 
 The occurrence and threat of extraordinary events, such as terrorist attacks, intentional or unintentional mass-casualty incidents, public health concerns such as contagious disease epidemics or pandemics, public safety incidents such as Astroworld, and natural disasters or similar severe weather events, may deter artists from touring and teams from holding games and/or substantially decrease the use of and demand for our services, which may decrease our revenue or expose us to substantial liability. 
 Terrorism and security incidents, military actions and wars, periodic elevated terrorism alerts and fears related to contagious disease epidemics and pandemics have, among other things, resulted in public concerns regarding air travel and regional or nationwide disruptions of commercial and leisure activities. The occurrence of any such events may deter buyers from attending and purchasing tickets to live concerts, sporting or theater events, which will negatively impact our business and financial performance. Moreover, performers, venues, teams or promoters may as a result decide to cancel concert, sporting and theater events, including due to security concerns or security-related disruptions, social distancing requirements, such as those imposed in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, or severe weather events or natural disasters. Attendance at events may decline or events may be cancelled due to these extraordinary events, which could adversely impact our operating results. Cancellations of such events could adversely affect our financial performance, as we are obligated to issue refunds or credits for tickets purchased for those events that are not rescheduled. 
 We may enter into agreements to acquire certain businesses and take actions in connection with such acquisitions that could affect our business and results of operations; if we are unsuccessful in our future acquisitions, our business could be adversely impacted. 
 Our strategy involves, and our future growth rate may depend in part on, our selective acquisition of additional businesses. For example, we acquired Fanxchange Limited in 2019 and Betcha Sports, Inc. Betcha in 2021. However, we may be unable to identify other suitable targets for acquisition or make acquisitions at favorable prices. Even if we identify a suitable acquisition candidate, our ability to successfully complete the acquisition depends on a variety of factors and may include our ability to obtain financing on acceptable terms and requisite government approvals. In addition, our credit facility restricts our ability to make certain acquisitions. In connection with future acquisitions, we could take certain actions that could adversely affect our business, including: 
 using a significant portion of our available cash; 

issuing equity securities, which would dilute current stockholders percentage ownership; 

incurring substantial debt; 

incurring or assuming contingent liabilities, known or unknown; and 

incurring large accounting write-offs, impairments or amortization expenses. 

In addition, acquisitions involve inherent risks which, if realized, could adversely affect our business and results of operations, including those associated with: 
 integrating the operations, financial reporting, technologies and personnel of acquired companies; 

17 

scaling of operations, system and infrastructure and achieving synergies to meet the needs of the combined or acquired company; 

managing geographically dispersed operations; 

the diversion of management s attention from other business concerns; 

the inherent risks in entering markets or lines of business in which we have either limited or no direct experience; 

the potential loss of key employees, customers and strategic partners of acquired companies; and 

the impact of laws and regulations at the state, federal and international levels when entering new markets or business, which could significantly affect our ability to complete acquisitions and expand our business. 

For example, we acquired Betcha, a real money daily fantasy sports app with social and gamification features that enhance fans connection with their favorite live sports in December 2021. This acquisition involves inherent risks, including those associated with integrating a new line of business and adhering to a new regulatory regime. The success of this acquisition is based, in part, on our ability to overcome these risks. 
 Our financial performance in certain quarters and years may not be indicative of, or comparable to, our financial performance in subsequent financial quarters or years due to seasonality and other operational factors. 
 Our financial results and cash needs will vary greatly from quarter to quarter and year to year depending on, among other things, sports teams performances, the timing of tours, tour cancellations, event ticket sales, weather, seasonal and other fluctuations in our operating results, the timing of guaranteed payments, financing activities, competitive dynamics, acquisitions and investments and receivables management. Because our results may vary significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year, our financial results for one quarter or year cannot necessarily be compared to another quarter or year and may not be indicative of our future financial performance in subsequent quarters or years. Typically, we experience lower financial performance in the first, second, and third quarters of the calendar year due to the timing of large-scale events and concert onsales and we experience increased activity in the fourth quarter when all major sports leagues are in season and there is an increase in order volume for theater events during the holiday season and concert on-sales for the following year. In addition, the timing of tours of top grossing acts can impact comparability of quarterly results year over year and potentially annual results. Similarly, the number of games in playoff series and the teams involved can vary year over year and impact our results. The seasonality of our business could create cash flow management risks if we do not adequately anticipate and plan for periods of decreased activity, which could negatively impact our ability to execute on our strategy, which in turn could harm our results of operations. Due to the unprecedented stoppage of concert, sporting and theater events globally in mid-March of 2020, and the gradual reopening of live events, we did not experience our typical seasonality trends in 2020 or 2021. 
 We rely on the experience and expertise of our senior management team, key technical employees and other highly skilled personnel and the failure to retain, motivate or integrate any of these individuals could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our success depends upon the continued service of our senior management team and key technical employees, as well as our ability to continue to attract and retain additional highly qualified personnel. Our success depends on our continuing ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate, retain and integrate highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization. Each of our executive officers, key technical personnel and other employees could terminate his or her relationship with us at any time. The loss of any member of our senior management team or key personnel might significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our business objectives and could harm our business and our relationships. Competition in our industry for qualified employees is intense. In addition, our compensation arrangements, such as our equity award programs, may not always be successful in attracting new employees and retaining and motivating our existing employees. 
 18 

We face significant competition for personnel, particularly in Chicago, Illinois, Dallas, Texas and Toronto, Ontario. To attract top talent, we have had to offer, and we will need to continue to offer, competitive compensation and benefits packages. We may also need to increase our employee compensation levels in response to competition and rising inflation. In 2020, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we reduced our workforce by approximately 50 . In 2021, as the economy recovered from the COVID-19 pandemic, we made extraordinary efforts to attract and secure top talent, which resulted in our workforce reaching approximately 85 of our pre-COVID number. In 2022, we surpassed our pre-COVID headcount by approximately 10 . However, the market for talent continues to be competitive. If we fail to effectively manage our hiring needs or successfully integrate new hires, our efficiency, ability to meet forecasts and our employee morale, productivity and retention could suffer, which may harm our business. 
 Impairment of our goodwill could negatively impact our financial results and financial condition. 
 In accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, we test goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the assets might be impaired. If the carrying amount of our goodwill exceeds its implied fair value, an impairment loss equal to the excess is recorded. During the year ended December 31, 2020, we recognized a total non-cash impairment charge of 573.8 million, including an impairment of goodwill of 377.1 million. As of December 31, 2021, we had goodwill of approximately 718.2 million, which constituted approximately 51 of our total assets at that date. As of December 31, 2022, we had goodwill of approximately 715.3 million, which constituted approximately 62 of our total assets at that date. Due to stock market volatility, economic uncertainty and the continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, we cannot provide assurance that remaining goodwill will not be further impaired in future periods. Impairment may result from, among other things, a significant decline in our expected cash flows, an adverse change in the business climate and slower growth rates in our industry. If we are required to record an impairment charge for goodwill in the future, this would adversely impact our financial results. 
 We may be adversely affected by the effects of inflation. 
 Inflation has the potential to adversely affect our liquidity, business, financial condition and results of operations by increasing our overall cost structure, particularly if we are unable to achieve commensurate increases in the revenues we earn from our customers. The existence of inflation in the economy has resulted in, and may continue to result in, higher interest rates and capital costs, increased costs of labor, weakening exchange rates and other similar effects. As a result of inflation, we have experienced and may continue to experience cost increases. Although we may take measures to mitigate the impact of inflation, these measures may not be effective and our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity could be materially adversely affected. Even if such measures are effective, there could be a difference in timing between the impact of inflation and effects of the mitigating actions we take. 
 Risks Relating to Government Regulation and Litigation 
 The processing, storage, use and disclosure of personal data could give rise to liabilities as a result of governmental regulation, conflicting legal requirements or differing applications of privacy regulations. 
 We receive, transmit and store a large volume of personal data and other user data. Numerous federal, state and international laws address privacy, data protection and the collection, storage, sharing, usage, disclosure and protection of personal data and other user data. In the United States, numerous states already have, and a number of states are looking to adopt or expand, data protection legislation requiring companies like ours to consider solutions to meet differing rights, needs and expectations of buyers and sellers. For example, California enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ), which took effect on January 1, 2020. The CCPA established a new privacy framework for covered businesses such as ours and may require us to further modify our data processing practices and policies and incur additional compliance-related costs and expenses. The CCPA requires companies that process information on California residents to disclose to consumers their data collection, use and sharing practices and grants consumers certain rights, including to opt out of certain data sharing with third parties. The CCPA provides for statutory penalties, and a private right of action for data breaches resulting from a failure to implement 
 19 

reasonable security procedures and practices. In addition, in November 2020, California voters approved the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ballot initiative which introduced significant amendments to the CCPA and established and funded a dedicated California privacy regulator, the California Privacy Protection Agency CPPA ). The amendments introduced by the CPRA go into effect on January 1, 2023, and new implementing regulations are expected to be introduced by the CPPA, which may require further modifications to our data processing practices and policies and to incur additional compliance-related costs and expenses. Further, in March 2021, Virginia enacted the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, and in July 2021, Colorado enacted the Colorado Privacy Act. In addition, Connecticut has passed the Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring Act, which is effective on July 1, 2023 and Utah has passed the Utah Consumer Privacy Act, which is effective on December 31, 2023. These are all comprehensive privacy statutes that share similarities with the CCPA and CPRA. Similar laws have been proposed in other states and at the federal level, reflecting a trend toward more stringent privacy legislation in the United States, which could increase our potential liability. The enactment of such laws could have potentially conflicting requirements that would make compliance challenging and necessitate further modification of our data processing practices and policies. In addition to new regulation, courts around the country continue to evolve their interpretation of applicable data privacy and protection laws, including the CCPA. 
 Outside the United States, personal data and other user data is increasingly subject to legislation and regulations in numerous jurisdictions in which we operate, the intent of which is to protect the privacy of information that is collected, processed and transmitted in or from the governing jurisdiction. Foreign data protection, privacy, information security, user protection and other laws and regulations are often more restrictive and complex than those in the United States. For example, the Canadian Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act PIPEDA is a comprehensive privacy and security law for organizations collecting, using, or disclosing information about identified individuals for commercial purposes, and may impose obligations upon organizations subject to that law that are greater than what is commonplace in the United States. Certain Canadian provinces have their own data protection regulations as well. Similarly, the United Kingdom, the European Union, and countries in the European Economic Area EEA traditionally have taken broader views as to types of data that are subject to privacy and data protection laws and regulations, and have imposed different legal obligations on companies in this regard. For example, the European Union General Data Protection Regulation GDPR became effective May 25, 2018. The GDPR applies to any company established in the EEA as well as to those outside the EEA if they collect and use personal data in connection with the offering of goods or services to individuals in the EEA or the monitoring of their behavior. Although we do not currently trigger the application of the GDPR, if we materially alter our operations such that we become established in the EU/UK (e.g., by employing individuals in those locations), begin monitoring individuals in the EU/UK or demonstrate an intention to offer goods and services to individuals in the EU/UK, we may be required to comply with data protection laws in the EEA or the UK, such as the GDPR and the UK GDPR. If we are required to comply with PIPEDA or EEA or UK data privacy laws, this may significantly increase our operational costs and our overall risk exposure. In addition, the Canadian Parliament has debated a new privacy and security law, proposed to replace PIPEDA, which may impose new or additional obligations upon companies subject to it. The proposed new privacy and security bill was introduced on June 18, 2022 and is subject to further debate and amendment. If PIPEDA is replaced with a new privacy and security law in the future, it may require us to further modify our data processing practices and policies and incur additional compliance-related costs and expenses. 
 The interpretation and application of many privacy and data protection laws are, and will likely remain, uncertain, and it is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our existing data management practices or product features. If so, in addition to the possibility of fines, lawsuits and other claims and penalties, we could be required to fundamentally change our business activities and practices or modify our products, which could harm our business. In addition to government regulation, privacy advocacy and industry groups may propose new and different self-regulatory standards that legally or contractually apply to us. Any inability to adequately address privacy, data protection and data security concerns or comply with applicable privacy, data protection or data security laws, regulations, policies and other obligations could result in additional cost and liability to us, damage our reputation, inhibit sales and harm our business. 
 Our failure, and/or the failure by our various service providers and partners, to comply with applicable privacy policies or federal, state or similar international laws and regulations or any other obligations relating to privacy, data protection or information security, or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized access, 
 20 

acquisition, or release of personal data or other user data, or the perception that any such failure or compromise has occurred, could negatively harm our brand and reputation, result in a loss of sellers, buyers or distribution partners, discourage potential sellers or buyers from trying our platform and/or result in fines and/or proceedings by governmental agencies and/or users, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, practices, results of operations and financial condition. 
 In addition, U.S. and international law may in certain circumstances require businesses to notify affected individuals, governmental entities, and/or credit reporting agencies of certain security incidents affecting personal information. Such laws are inconsistent, and compliance in the event of a widespread security incident is complex and costly and may be difficult to implement. Our existing general liability and cyber liability insurance policies may not cover, or may cover only a portion of, any response costs, remediation, and potential claims related to security breaches to which we are exposed or may not be adequate to indemnify us for all or any portion of liabilities that may be imposed. We also cannot be certain that our existing insurance coverage will continue to be available on acceptable terms or in amounts sufficient to cover the potentially significant losses that may result from a security incident or breach or that the insurer will not deny coverage of any future claim. 
 Unfavorable outcomes in legal proceedings in which we may be involved may adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 We may be called on to defend ourselves against lawsuits relating to our business operations. Some of these claims may seek significant damage amounts due to the nature of our business. Due to the inherent uncertainties of litigation, we cannot accurately predict the ultimate outcome of any such proceedings. 
 Our results may be affected by the outcome of future litigation. Unfavorable rulings in our legal proceedings may have a negative impact on us that may be greater or smaller depending on the nature of the rulings. In addition, we are currently, and from time to time in the future may be, subject to various other claims, investigations, legal and administrative cases and proceedings (whether civil or criminal) or lawsuits by governmental agencies or private parties. If the results of these investigations, proceedings or suits are unfavorable to us or if we are unable to successfully defend against third-party lawsuits, we may be required to pay monetary damages or may be subject to fines, penalties, injunctions or other censure that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Even if we adequately address the issues raised by an investigation or proceeding or successfully defend a third-party lawsuit or counterclaim, we may have to devote significant financial and management resources to address these issues, which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Unfavorable legislative outcomes may adversely affect our industry, our business and our operating results. 
 Approximately 40 states regulate the secondary ticket market, such as by requiring certain disclosures, refunding practices or other consumer affairs obligations. It is possible that further regulation or unfavorable legislative outcomes imposing additional restrictions on ticket resales, such as maximum resale price caps and bans on transferability, may adversely affect our industry, our business and our operating results. 
 Various jurisdictions have enacted, and others may enact, rules and regulations, including tax and license requirements for daily fantasy sports operators that may make the entry process cumbersome, expensive, and lengthy. Our growth potential depends on the legal status of real-money daily fantasy sports in various jurisdictions and our ability to obtain licenses to operate in jurisdictions where licenses are required. We currently offer our fantasy sports contests in the District of Columbia and 24 states that either do not require a license or where we have obtained the required license. Any change in existing daily fantasy sports rules and regulations or their interpretation related to our daily fantasy sports product, or the regulatory climate applicable to daily fantasy sports, could adversely impact our ability to operate our business as currently conducted or as we seek to operate in the future. 
 Our business may be subject to sales tax and other indirect taxes in various jurisdictions. 
 The application of indirect taxes, such as sales and use, amusement, value-added, goods and services, business and gross receipts, to businesses like ours, and to ticket buyers and sellers in our marketplace, is a complex and evolving 
 21 

issue. Significant judgment is required to evaluate applicable tax obligations and as a result, amounts recorded are subject to adjustment. In many cases, the ultimate tax determination is uncertain because it is unclear how new and existing statutes might apply to our business. One or more states, localities, the federal government or other countries may seek to impose additional reporting, record-keeping or indirect tax collection obligations on businesses like ours that facilitate online marketplaces. Imposition of an information reporting or tax collection requirement could decrease seller activity on our platform, which would harm our business. New legislation could require us, or sellers on our marketplace, to incur substantial costs in order to comply, including costs associated with tax calculation, collection and remittance and audit requirements, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 It is possible that we could face sales and use tax and value-added tax audits in the future and that state or international tax authorities could assert that we are obligated to collect additional amounts as taxes on behalf of sellers and remit those taxes to those authorities. We could also be subject to audits and assessments with respect to states and international jurisdictions for which we have not accrued tax liabilities. A successful assertion that we should be collecting additional sales or other taxes in jurisdictions where we have not historically done so, and do not accrue for sales or other taxes, could result in substantial tax liabilities for past sales and otherwise harm our business and results of operations. 
 Our business is dependent on the ability for sellers to sell tickets on the secondary market unencumbered. 
 Our business is dependent upon sellers having the ability to list tickets for sale on the secondary ticket market for events put on by artists, teams and promoters. Any actions taken by federal, state or local governments, rights holders or companies that issue tickets (i.e., the primary ticketing companies), such as enacting restrictions regarding resale policies, using technology to limit where and how tickets are sold on the secondary market, charging incremental fees for the ability to sell tickets on the secondary market or partnering with other resale marketplaces on an exclusive basis, could result in reduced demand for our services, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Relating to Information Technology, Cybersecurity and Intellectual Property 
 The success of our operations depends, in part, on the integrity of our systems and infrastructure, as well as affiliate and third-party computer systems, computer networks and other communication systems. System interruption and the lack of integration and redundancy in these systems and infrastructure may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 System interruption and the lack of integration and redundancy in the information systems and infrastructure, both of our own ticketing systems and other computer systems and of affiliate and third-party software, computer networks and other communications systems service providers on which we rely, may adversely affect our ability to operate websites, process and fulfill transactions, respond to customer inquiries and generally maintain cost-efficient operations. Similarly, due to our reliance on a network of technology systems, many of which are outside of our control, changes to interfaces upon which we rely or a reluctance of our counterparties to continue supporting our systems could lead to technology interruptions. Such interruptions could occur by virtue of natural disaster, malicious actions such as cyber attacks or intrusions, or acts of terrorism or war, or human error. In addition, the loss of some or all of certain key personnel could require us to expend additional resources to continue to maintain our software and systems and could subject us to systems interruptions. The large infrastructure footprint that is required to operate our systems requires an ongoing investment of time, money and effort to maintain or refresh hardware and software and to ensure it remains at a level capable of servicing the demand and volume of business that we receive. Failure to do so may result in system instability, degradation in performance, or unfixable security vulnerabilities that could adversely impact both the business and the consumers utilizing our services. 
 While we have backup systems for certain aspects of our operations, disaster recovery planning by its nature may not be sufficient for all eventualities. In addition, we may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate for losses from an extended interruption. If any of these adverse events were to occur, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 22 

Cyber security risks, data loss or other breaches of our network security could materially harm our business and results of operations, and the processing, storage, use and disclosure of personal or sensitive information could give rise to liabilities and additional costs as a result of governmental regulation, litigation and conflicting legal requirements, including obligations relating to personal privacy rights. 
 Due to the nature of our business, we process, store, use, transfer and disclose certain personal or sensitive information about our customers and employees. Penetration of our network or other misappropriation or misuse of personal or sensitive information and data, including credit card information and other personally identifiable information, could cause interruptions in our operations and subject us to increased costs, litigation, inquiries and actions from governmental authorities, and financial or other liabilities. In addition, security breaches, incidents or the inability to protect information could lead to increased incidents of ticketing fraud and counterfeit tickets. Security breaches and incidents could also significantly damage our reputation with sellers, buyers, distribution partners and other third parties, and could result in significant costs related to remediation efforts, such as credit or identity theft monitoring. Such incidents may occur in the future, resulting in unauthorized, unlawful, or inappropriate access to, inability to access, disclosure of, or loss of the sensitive, proprietary and confidential information that we handle. 
 Although we have developed systems and processes that are designed to protect customer and employee information and to prevent security breaches or incidents (which could result in data loss or other harm or loss), such measures cannot provide absolute security or certainty. It is possible that advances in computer and threat actor capabilities, new variants of malware, the development of new penetration methods and tools, inadvertent violations of company policies or procedures or other developments could result in a compromise of customer or employee information or a breach of the technology and security processes that are used to protect customer and employee information. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems may change frequently and as a result, may be difficult for our business to detect for long periods of time. We have expended significant capital and other resources to protect against and remedy such potential security breaches, incidents and their consequences and will continue to do so in the future. However, despite our efforts, we may be unaware of or unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. 
 We also face risks associated with security breaches and incidents affecting third parties with which we are affiliated or with which we otherwise conduct business. In particular, hardware, software or applications we develop or procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture and/or may pose a security risk that could unexpectedly compromise information security. Sellers, buyers and distribution partners are generally concerned with the security and privacy of the Internet, and any publicized security problems affecting our businesses and/or third parties may discourage sellers, buyers or distribution partners from doing business with us, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Canadian law and laws in all states and U.S. territories require businesses to notify affected individuals, governmental entities, and/or credit reporting agencies of certain security incidents affecting personal information. Such laws are inconsistent, and compliance in the event of a widespread security incident is complex and costly and may be difficult to implement. Our existing general liability and cyber liability insurance policies may not cover, or may cover only a portion of, any potential claims related to security breaches to which we are exposed or may not be adequate to indemnify us for all or any portion of liabilities that may be imposed. We also cannot be certain that our existing insurance coverage will continue to be available on acceptable terms or in amounts sufficient to cover the potentially significant losses that may result from a security incident or breach or that the insurer will not deny coverage of any future claim. 
 If we fail to adequately protect or enforce our intellectual property rights, our competitive position and our business could be materially adversely affected. 
 Our proprietary technologies and information, including our software, informational databases, and other components that make our products and services are critical to our success, and we seek to protect our technologies, products and services through a combination of intellectual property rights, including trademarks, domain names, copyrights and trade secrets, as well as through contractual restrictions with employees, customers, suppliers, affiliates and others. Despite our efforts, it may be possible for a third-party to copy or otherwise obtain and use our 
 23 

intellectual property without authorization which, if discovered, might require legal action to correct. In addition, third parties may independently and lawfully develop products or services substantially similar to ours. While we do not currently hold patents over our technology, we do have ten pending patent applications in the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom and we may file additional patent applications in the future. We seek to protect our trade secrets and proprietary know-how and technology methods through confidentiality agreements and other access control measures. Failure of such strategies to protect our technology or our inability to protect patents in the future to the extent we obtain them could have a materially adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We have been granted trademark registrations with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and/or various foreign authorities for certain of our brands. Our existing or future trademarks may be adjudicated invalid by a court or may not afford us adequate protection against competitors. 
 We cannot be certain that the measures we implement will prevent infringement, misappropriation, dilution or other violations of our intellectual property rights, particularly in foreign countries where the laws may not protect our proprietary rights as fully as they do in the United States. Our failure to protect our intellectual property rights in a meaningful manner or challenges to our related contractual rights could result in erosion of our brand names or other intellectual property and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets or determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights claimed by others. Any litigation of this nature, regardless of outcome or merit, could result in substantial costs and diversion of management and technical resources, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may face potential liability and expense for legal claims alleging that the operation of our business infringes intellectual property rights of third parties, who may assert claims against us for unauthorized use of such rights. 
 We cannot be certain that the operation of our business does not, or will not, infringe or otherwise violate the intellectual property rights of third parties. From time to time, we have been and may in the future be, subject to legal proceedings and claims alleging that we infringe or otherwise violate the intellectual property rights of third parties. These claims, whether or not successful, could divert management's time and attention away from our business and harm our reputation and financial condition. In addition, the outcome of litigation is uncertain, and third parties asserting claims could secure a judgment awarding substantial damages, as well as injunctive or other equitable relief against us, which could require us to rebrand, redesign, or reengineer our platform, products or services, and/or effectively block our ability to distribute, market or sell our products and services. 
 Our payments system depends on third-party providers and is subject to risks that may harm our business. 
 We rely on third-party providers to support our payment methods, as our ticket buyers primarily use credit or debit cards to purchase tickets on our marketplace. Nearly all our revenue is associated with payments processed through a single provider, which relies on banks and payment card networks to process transactions. If this provider or any of its vendors do not operate well with our platform or suffer any failures, our payments systems and our business could be adversely affected. If this provider does not perform adequately or determines certain types of transactions are prohibited, if this provider s technology does not interoperate well with our platform, or if our relationships with this provider, the bank or the payment card networks on which it relies were to terminate or be suspended unexpectedly, ticket buyers may find our platform more difficult to use. Such an outcome could harm the ability of sellers to use our platform, which could cause them to use our platform less. 
 Our payment processing partner requires us to comply with payment card network operating rules, which are set and interpreted by the payment card networks. The payment card networks could adopt new operating rules or interpret or re-interpret existing rules in ways that might prohibit us from providing certain services to some ticket buyers or sellers, be costly to implement or difficult to follow. We are required to reimburse our payment processor for fines assessed by payment card networks if we, or ticket buyers or sellers using our platform, violate these rules, such as our processing of various types of transactions that may be interpreted as a violation of certain payment card network operating rules. Changes to these rules and requirements, or any change in our designation by 
 24 

payment card networks, could require a change in our business operations and could result in limitations on or loss of our ability to accept payment cards, any of which could negatively impact our business. 
 We are also subject to the Payment Card Industry PCI Data Security Standard, which is a standard designed to protect credit card account data as mandated by payment card industry entities. We rely on vendors to handle PCI matters and to ensure PCI compliance. Despite our compliance efforts, we may become subject to claims that we have violated the PCI Data Security Standard based on past, present, and future business practices. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with the PCI Data Security Standard can subject us to fines, termination of banking relationships, and increased transaction fees. 
 Under current credit, debit and payment card practices and network rules, we are liable for fraudulent activity on the majority of our credit and debit card transactions. We are also exposed to financial crime risk, and do not currently carry insurance against this risk. Additionally, while we deploy sophisticated technology to detect fraudulent purchase activity, we may incur losses if we fail to prevent the use of fraudulent payment information on transactions in the future. Fraud schemes are becoming increasingly sophisticated and common, and our ability to detect and combat fraudulent schemes may be negatively impacted by the adoption of new payment methods and new technology platforms. If we or this provider fail to identify fraudulent activity or are unable to effectively combat the use of fraudulent payments on our platform or if we otherwise experience increased levels of disputed credit card payments or transactions, our results of operations and financial positions could be materially adversely affected. In addition, our failure to adequately mitigate this risk could damage our reputation and brand and substantially harm our business, results of operations, financial condition, prospects and our ability to accept payments. 
 Payment card networks and our payment processing partner could increase the fees or interchange they charge us for their services or to accept or process transactions, which would increase our operating costs and reduce our margins. Any such increase in fees could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Finally, applicable laws and regulations that govern payment methods and processing are complex and subject to change; and we may be required to expend considerable time and effort to determine if such laws and regulations apply to our business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to meet all compliance obligations, including obtaining any required licenses in the jurisdictions we service, and, even if we were able to do so, there could be substantial costs and potential product changes involved in complying with such laws, which could have a material and adverse effect on our business. Any noncompliance by us in relation to existing or new laws and regulations, or any alleged noncompliance, could result in reputational damage, litigation, increased costs or liabilities, damages, or require us to stop offering payment services in certain markets. Failure to predict how a law or regulation from any jurisdiction in which we operate with respect to money transmission, prepaid access or similar requirements will be applied to us could result in licensure or registration requirements, administrative enforcement actions, and/or could materially interfere with our ability to offer certain payment methods or to conduct our business in particular jurisdictions. We cannot predict what actions the United States or other governments may take, or what restrictions these governments may impose, that will affect our ability to process payments or to conduct our business in particular jurisdictions. Further, we may become subject to changing payment regulations and requirements that could potentially affect the compliance of our current payment processes and increase the operational costs we incur to support payments. The factors identified here could impose substantial additional costs, involve considerable delay to the development or provision of our solutions, require significant and costly operational changes, or prevent us from providing our solutions in any given market. 
 Risks Relating to Our Indebtedness 
 We are a party to debt agreements that could restrict our operations and impair our financial condition. The agreements governing our indebtedness will impose restrictions on us that limit the discretion of management in operating our business and that, in turn, could impair our ability to meet our obligations under our debt. 
 The agreement governing our credit facility include restrictive covenants that, among other things, restrict our ability to: 
 25 

incur additional debt; 

pay dividends and make distributions; 

make certain investments; 

prepay certain indebtedness; 

create liens; 

enter into transactions with affiliates; 

modify the nature of our business; 

transfer and sell assets, including material intellectual property; 

amend our organizational documents; and 

merge or consolidate. 

Our failure to comply with the terms and covenants of our indebtedness could lead to a default under the terms of the governing documents, which would entitle the lender to accelerate the indebtedness and declare all amounts owed due and payable. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our total indebtedness, excluding unamortized debt discounts and debt issuance costs, was 272.9 million. 
 A substantial portion of our debt is variable-rate debt. We incur higher interest costs if interest rates increase. Interest rates were at historic lows during 2020 and 2021 when the United States Federal Reserve took several steps to protect the economy from the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The United States Federal Reserve raised interest rates by more than 400 basis points in 2022, 25 basis points already in 2023, and may continue to increase interest rates further during the remainder of 2023. Any such increase in interest costs could have a material adverse impact on the levels of cash we maintain for working capital. 
 Our current level of indebtedness and any future increases in our debt indebtedness could have adverse consequences, including: 
 making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations; 

increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic, regulatory and industry conditions; 

limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other purposes; 

requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to fund payments on our debt, thereby reducing funds available for operations and other purposes; 

limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; 

making us more vulnerable to increases in interest rates; and 

placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt. 

We depend on the cash flows of our subsidiaries in order to satisfy our obligations. 
 We rely on distributions and/or loans from our subsidiaries to meet our payment requirements under our obligations. If our subsidiaries are unable to pay dividends or otherwise make payments to us, we may not be able to make debt service payments on our obligations. Subject to certain exceptions, each of our subsidiaries guarantees 
 26 

our indebtedness under our credit facility. We conduct substantially all of our operations through our subsidiaries. Our operating cash flows and consequently our ability to service our debt is therefore principally dependent upon our subsidiaries earnings and their distributions of those earnings to us and may also be dependent upon loans or other payments of funds to us by those subsidiaries. In addition, the ability of our subsidiaries to provide funds to us may be subject to restrictions under our credit facility and may be subject to the terms of such subsidiaries future indebtedness, as well as the availability of sufficient surplus funds under applicable law. 
 We may face liquidity constraints if we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows and we may be unable to raise additional capital when necessary or desirable. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 251.5 million, which is available to us to fund our operating, investing and financing activities. We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations, or that we will be able to obtain financing, in an amount sufficient to fund our operations or other liquidity needs. 
 In the future, we may need to raise additional funds, and we may not be able to obtain additional debt or equity financing on favorable terms, if at all. Our ability to obtain financing will depend on a number of factors, including: 
 general economic and capital market conditions, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and rising inflation; 

the availability of credit from banks or other lenders; 

investor confidence in us; and 

our results of operations. 

If we raise additional equity financing, our security holders may experience significant dilution of their ownership interests, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of holders of our common stock. 
 If we need additional capital and cannot raise it on acceptable terms, if at all, we may not be able to, among other things: 
 further develop and enhance our platform and solutions; 

continue to invest in our technology and marketing efforts; 

hire, train and retain employees; 

respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated working capital requirements; or 

pursue acquisition opportunities. 

Our inability to do any of the foregoing could reduce our ability to compete successfully and could have an adverse effect on our business. 
 Risks Related to Organizational Structure 
 GTCR Fund XI/B LP, GTCR Fund XI/C LP, GTCR, Co-Invest XI LP, GTCR Golder Rauner, L.L.C., GTCR Golder Rauner II, L.L.C., GTCR Management, XI LLC and GTCR LLC (collectively, Private Equity Owner control us, and its interests may conflict with ours or yours in the future. 
 Hoya Topco, LLC Hoya Topco ), which is controlled by our Private Equity Owner and its affiliates, controls approximately 60 of the voting power of our outstanding common stock, which means that, based on its percentage of voting power controlled, our Private Equity Owner controls the vote of all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders. Thus, our Private Equity Owner controls the election of the members of our Board of Directors subject to the terms of the Stockholders Agreement dated October 18, 2021 we entered into with Hoya Topco 
 27 

Stockholders Agreement and all other corporate decisions. Even when our Private Equity Owner ceases to control a majority of the total voting power, for so long as our Private Equity Owner continues to own a significant percentage of our common stock, our Private Equity Owner will still be able to significantly influence the composition of our Board of Directors and the approval of actions requiring shareholder approval. Accordingly, for such period of time, our Private Equity Owner has significant influence with respect to our management, business plans and policies, including the appointment and removal of our officers, decisions on whether to raise future capital and amending our charter and bylaws, which govern the rights attached to our common stock. In particular, for so long as our Private Equity Owner continues to own a significant percentage of our common stock, our Private Equity Owner will be able to cause or prevent a change of control or a change in the composition of our Board of Directors and could preclude any unsolicited acquisition of us. The concentration of ownership could deprive you of an opportunity to receive a premium for your shares of our Class A common stock as part of a potential sale and ultimately might affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 Our Stockholders Agreement provides our Private Equity Owner the right to nominate to our Board of Directors (i) five (5) directors, so long as our Private Equity Owner, in the aggregate, beneficially owns at least 24 of the aggregate number of shares of our common stock, of which at least one (1) will qualify as an independent director under applicable stock exchange regulations, (ii) four (4) directors, so long as our Private Equity Owner, in the aggregate, beneficially owns at least 18 but less than 24 of our common stock, (iii) three (3) directors, so long as our Private Equity Owner, in the aggregate, beneficially owns at least 12 but less than 18 of our common stock, (iv) two (2) directors, so long as our Private Equity Owner, in the aggregate, beneficially owns at least 6 but less than 12 of our common stock and (v) until the date our Private Equity Owner, in the aggregate, beneficially owns a number of voting shares representing less than five percent (5 of the aggregate number of shares of our common stock held, directly or indirectly, by our Private Equity Owner, one (1) director. Pursuant to the foregoing provisions of the Stockholders' Agreement, our Private Equity Owner will be able to designate the majority of the members of our Board of Directors and generally have control over our business and affairs. Our Private Equity Owner and its affiliates engage in a broad spectrum of activities, including investments in our industry generally. In the ordinary course of their business activities, our Private Equity Owner and its affiliates may engage in activities where their interests conflict with our interests or those of our other shareholders, such as investing in or advising businesses that directly or indirectly compete with certain portions of our business or are suppliers or customers of ours. Our amended and restated charter provides that our Private Equity Owner, any of its affiliates or any director who is not employed by us (including any non-employee director who serves as one of our officers in both his or her director and officer capacities) will not have any duty to refrain from engaging, directly or indirectly, in the same business activities or similar business activities or lines of business in which we operate. Our Private Equity Owner also may pursue acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business, and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. In addition, our Private Equity Owner may have an interest in pursuing acquisitions, divestitures and other transactions that, in its judgment, could enhance its investment, even though such transactions might involve risks to you or may not prove beneficial. 
 We are a controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq listing standards and, as a result, will qualify for, and intend to rely on, exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. You will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to such requirements. 
 We qualify as a controlled company within the meaning of the corporate governance standards of Nasdaq. Under these rules, a listed company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that (i) a majority of our Board of Directors consist of independent directors, (ii) we have a Compensation Committee that is composed entirely of independent directors and (iii) director nominees be selected or recommended to our Board of Directors by independent directors. 
 We rely on certain of these exemptions. As a result, we will not have a Compensation Committee consisting entirely of independent directors and our directors will not be nominated or selected solely by independent directors. We may also rely on the other exemptions so long as we qualify as a controlled company. To the extent we rely on any of these exemption, holders of our common stock will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of the corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq. 
 28 

Our Tax Receivable Agreement will require us to make cash payments to Hoya Topco (or other parties that become entitled to rights to payment under our TRA) in respect of certain tax benefits and such payments may be substantial. In certain cases, payments under our TRA may (i) exceed any actual tax benefits or (ii) be accelerated. 
 We are a party to a Tax Receivable Agreement with Hoya Topco, Hoya Intermediate, GTCR Management XI, LLC TRA Holder Representative ), and other TRA Holders (as defined in our TRA) dated October 18, 2021 TRA ). Pursuant to our TRA, we will generally be required to pay Hoya Topco and the other TRA Holders 85 of the amount of savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state, local, and foreign taxes that are based on, or measured with respect to, our net income or profits and any interest related thereto that our consolidated subsidiaries realizes, or is deemed to realize, as a result of certain tax attributes, which include: 
 existing tax basis in certain assets of Hoya Intermediate and certain of its subsidiaries, including assets that will be subject to depreciation or amortization, once placed in service; 

tax basis adjustments resulting from taxable exchanges of common units of Hoya Intermediate Intermediate Units for Class A common stock acquired by us from a TRA Holder (as defined in our TRA) pursuant to the terms of our LLC Agreement; 

certain tax attributes of Blocker Corporations (as defined in the LLC Agreement) holding Intermediate Units that are acquired by us pursuant to a reorganization transaction; 

certain tax benefits realized by us as a result of our merger with Horizon Acquisition Corporation on October 18, 2021; and 

tax deductions in respect of portions of certain payments made under our TRA. 

Payments under our TRA generally will be based on the tax reporting positions that we determine (in consultation with an advisory firm and subject to the TRA Holder Representative s review and consent). The IRS or another taxing authority may challenge a position we take, and a court may sustain such a challenge. If any tax attributes we initially claimed or utilized are disallowed, the TRA Holders (as defined in our TRA) will not be required to reimburse us for any excess payments that we may have previously made pursuant to our TRA, for example, due to adjustments resulting from examinations by taxing authorities. Rather, any excess payments made to such TRA Holders will reduce any future cash payments we are required to make under our TRA, after the determination of such excess. However, a challenge to any tax attributes we initially claimed or utilized may not arise for a number of years after such payment and such excess cash payment may be greater than the amount of future cash payments that we may be required to make under the terms of our TRA. As a result, there might not be future cash payments against which such excess can be applied and we could be required to make payments under our TRA in excess of our actual savings in respect of the tax attributes. 
 Moreover, our TRA provides that, in certain early termination events, we are required to make a lump-sum cash payment to all the TRA Holders equal to the present value of all forecasted future payments that would have been made under our TRA, which would be based on certain assumptions. The lump-sum payment could be material and could materially exceed any actual tax benefits that we realize subsequent to such payment. 
 The amount and timing of any payments under our TRA will vary depending upon a number of factors, including the timing of exchanges, the market price of our Class A common stock at the time of an exchange of Intermediate Units by a TRA Holder pursuant to our Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Agreement dated October 18, 2021 LLC Agreement and the amount and timing of the recognition of our income for applicable tax purposes. While many of these factors are outside of our control, the aggregate payments we will be required to make under our TRA could be substantial. There can be no assurance that we will be able to finance our obligations under our TRA in a manner that does not adversely affect our working capital and growth requirements. 
 Any payments we make under our TRA will generally reduce our overall cash flow. If we are unable to make timely payments for any reason, the unpaid amounts will be deferred and will accrue interest until paid. Additionally, nonpayment for a specified period and/or under certain circumstances may constitute a material breach and therefore accelerate payments. Furthermore, our future obligation to make payments could make us a less attractive 
 29 

target for an acquisition, particularly in the case of an acquirer that cannot use some or all of the tax attributes that may be deemed realized under our TRA. 
 Our only material asset is our direct and indirect interests in Hoya Intermediate, and we are accordingly dependent upon distributions from Hoya Intermediate to pay dividends, taxes and other expenses, including payments we are required to make under our Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 We are a holding company with no material assets other than our direct and indirect ownership of equity interests in Hoya Intermediate, LLC Hoya Intermediate ). As such, we do not have any independent means of generating revenue. We intend to cause Hoya Intermediate to make quarterly distributions to its members, including us, in an amount at least sufficient to allow us to pay all applicable taxes, to make payments under our TRA, and to pay our corporate and other overhead expenses. To the extent that we need funds, and Hoya Intermediate is restricted from making such distributions under applicable laws or regulations, or is otherwise unable to provide such funds, it could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. 
 In certain circumstances, Hoya Intermediate will be required to make distributions to us and Hoya Topco, and the distributions that Hoya Intermediate will be required to make may be substantial. 
 Hoya Intermediate is treated, and will continue to be treated, as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and, as such, generally is not subject to U.S. federal income tax. Instead, its taxable income is generally allocated to its members, including us. Hoya Intermediate may make cash or tax distributions to the members, including us, as set forth in its LLC Agreement calculated using an assumed tax rate, to provide liquidity to members to pay taxes on such member s allocable share of the taxable income. Under applicable tax rules, Hoya Intermediate may be required to allocate net taxable income disproportionately to its members in certain circumstances. Because tax distributions are made pro rata on a per-common unit basis to all members and such tax distributions are determined based on the member with the highest assumed tax liability per common unit, Hoya Intermediate may be required to make tax distributions that, in the aggregate, exceed the amount of taxes that Hoya Intermediate would have paid if it were taxed on its net income at the assumed rate. 
 As a result of (i) potential differences in the amount of net taxable income allocable to us and to Hoya Topco, (ii) the lower maximum tax rate applicable to corporations than individuals and (iii) the use of an assumed tax rate in calculating Hoya Intermediate s distribution obligations, we may receive distributions significantly in excess of our actual tax liabilities and our obligations to make payments under our TRA. If we do not distribute such cash balances as dividends on our Class A common stock and instead, for example, hold such cash balances or lend them to Hoya Intermediate, Hoya Topco would benefit from any value attributable to such accumulated cash balances as a result of its right to acquire shares of our Class A common stock or, at our election, an amount of cash equal to the fair market value thereof, in exchange for its Intermediate Units. We will have no obligation to distribute such cash balances to our shareholders, and no adjustments will be made to the consideration provided to an exchanging holder in connection with a direct exchange or redemption of Hoya Intermediate limited liability company interests under our LLC Agreement as a result of any retention of cash by us. 
 Risks Relating to the COVID-19 Pandemic 
 The global COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to have, a material negative impact on our business and operating results. Beginning in the second quarter of 2021, and continuing through the fourth quarter of 2022, we have seen a recovery in ticket orders as mitigation measures ease. However, given the emergence of new variants and continued infectious cases, uncertainty remains. 
 The global spread and impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has been complex, unpredictable, and evolving. It resulted in significant disruption and additional risks to our business, the entertainment industry, and the global economy particularly in 2020 and 2021. The COVID-19 pandemic led governments and other authorities around the world to impose measures intended to control its spread, including travel bans, border closings and restrictions, business closures, quarantines and vaccine requirements. In mid-March 2020, as the unprecedented impact of the global COVID-19 pandemic became clearer, concert promoters, venue operators, sports leagues and theaters around the world shut down. 
 30 

Different jurisdictions lifted restrictions on gatherings of people at different times and may continue to have different rules in place in the future. While events are now, by and large, held at pre-pandemic scope and scale, it is difficult to predict whether restrictions could be put into place again in the future if a worsening variant emerges. 
 Our business depends on concert, sporting and theater events in order to generate most of our revenue from ticket sales in the secondary ticket market. During the COVID-19 pandemic, fewer concert, sporting and theater events as well as lower fan attendance had a negative impact on our revenue. Since the COVID-19 pandemic remains a public health concern as of December 31, 2022, it is possible these circumstances could re-emerge and once again threaten the live events industry and have a negative impact on our revenue. 
 We face ancillary risks and uncertainties arising from the global COVID-19 pandemic in addition to the possible shutdown or limitation of concert, sporting and theater events. COVID-19, and its variants, may also precipitate or aggravate other risk factors, which have had, and may continue to have, a material negative impact on our business and operating results. Many of these risks and uncertainties may extend beyond the duration of current pandemic conditions due to the uncertainty around how concert, sporting and theater industries may change going forward as a result of the pandemic. Such additional or attendant risks and uncertainties include, among other things: 
 the impact of any lingering economic downturn or recession including, without limitation, any reduction in discretionary spending or confidence for both buyers and sellers, that would result in a decline in ticket sales and attendance; 

a reduction in the profitability of our operations due to governmental restrictions or safety precautions and protocols voluntarily undertaken, such as venues running under capacity due to spacing and social distancing limitations, which could limit the number of tickets sold; 

increase in performer cancellations because of illness; 

loss of ticketing sales due to the economic impact whereby certain venue operators are no longer in operation, reducing the number of events our marketplace can serve; 

the inability to pursue expansion opportunities or acquisitions due to capital constraints; 

increase in the prevalence of electronic tickets which could be rendered nontransferable; 

the future availability or increased cost of insurance coverage; and 

the incurrence of additional expenses related to compliance, precautions and management. 

The likelihood of the realization or intensification of these risks and uncertainties and the ultimate magnitude of their impact on us are not knowable or quantifiable at this time. The global COVID-19 pandemic and its impacts may continue to endure for an unknown period of time. New COVID-19 variants have and may continue to emerge, which could lead to new restrictions being put into place again. The longer the duration of the global COVID-19 pandemic, the greater the ancillary and lingering effects, and related negative impact on us and our results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Being a Public Company 
 The market price and trading volume of our securities may be volatile. 
 Securities markets worldwide experience significant price and volume fluctuations. This market volatility, as well as general economic, market or political conditions, could reduce the market price of our Class A common stock and warrants in spite of our operating performance. We cannot assure you that the market price of our Class A common stock and warrants will not fluctuate widely or decline significantly in the future in response to a number of factors, including, among others, the following: 
 the realization of any of these risk factors; 

difficult global market and economic conditions; 

31 

loss of investor confidence in the global financial markets and investing in general; 

adverse market reaction to indebtedness we may incur, securities we may grant under our 2021 Incentive Award Plan or otherwise, or any other securities we may issue in the future, including shares of our Class A common stock; 

adverse market reaction to changes in our ownership or capital structure including a secondary offering for our Class A common stock; 

unanticipated variations in our quarterly and annual operating results or dividends; 

failure to meet securities analysts earnings estimates; 

publication of negative or inaccurate research reports about us or the live events or ticketing industry or the failure of securities analysts to provide adequate coverage of our Class A common stock in the future; 

changes in market valuations of similar companies; 

speculation in the press or investment community about our business; 

the trading activity of our largest stockholders; 

the number of shares of our common stock that are available for public trading; 

short sales, hedging and other derivative transactions involving our capital stock; 

additional or unexpected changes or proposed changes in laws or regulations or differing interpretations thereof affecting our business or enforcement of these laws and regulations, or announcements relating to these matters; and 

increases in compliance or enforcement inquiries and investigations by regulatory authorities. 

We may be subject to securities class action litigation, which may harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their stock have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Securities litigation against us could result in substantial legal fees, settlement or judgment costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources that are needed to successfully run our business, which could seriously harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We continue to have a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting and may identify additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, which may result in material misstatements of our financial statements or cause us to fail to meet our periodic reporting obligations. 
 We are required to comply with the Securities and Exchange Commission s SEC rules implementing Sections 302 and 404 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act SOX ), which require management to certify financial and other information in our quarterly and annual reports and provide an annual management report on the effectiveness of controls over financial reporting. 
 Effective internal control over financial reporting is necessary for us to provide reliable and timely financial reports and, together with adequate disclosure controls and procedures, are designed to reasonably detect and prevent fraud. We are also required to report any material weaknesses in such internal control. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 32 

In connection with the audit of our financial statements for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, we identified deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting, which in the aggregate, constituted a material weakness. We made the same determination in connection with the audits of our financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022. We determined in all three years that we had deficiencies related to implementation of segregation of duties as part of our control activities, establishment of clearly defined roles within our finance and accounting functions and the number of personnel in our finance and accounting functions with an appropriate level of technical accounting and SEC reporting experience, which in the aggregate, constitute a material weakness. As part of our plan to address this material weakness, we are performing a full review of our internal control procedures. We have implemented, and plan to continue to implement, new controls and processes. We have hired, and plan to continue to hire, additional qualified personnel and establish more robust processes to support our internal control over financial reporting, including clearly defined roles and responsibilities and appropriate segregation of duties. 
 While we have begun implementing a plan to remediate this material weakness, we cannot predict the success of such plan or the outcome of our assessment of this plan at this time. If our steps are insufficient to successfully remediate the material weakness and otherwise establish and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, the reliability of our financial reporting, investor confidence in us, and the value of our common stock could be materially and adversely affected. We can give no assurance that this implementation will remediate this deficiency in internal control or that additional material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting will not be identified in the future. Our failure to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could result in errors in our financial statements that could result in a restatement of our financial statements or cause us to fail to meet our periodic reporting obligations. 
 For as long as we are an emerging growth company under The Jumpstart Our Business Startup Act JOBS Act ), our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404. We could be an emerging growth company until December 31, 2026. 
 Once we no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, we will be required to have our independent registered public accounting firm provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. An independent assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting could detect problems that our management s assessment might not. Undetected material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting could lead to financial statement restatements and require us to incur the expense of remediation. An adverse report may be issued if our independent registered public accounting firm is not satisfied with the level at which our controls are documented, designed or operating. 
 The obligations associated with being a public company will involve significant expenses and will require significant resources and management attention, which may divert from our business operations. 
 As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act and SOX. The Exchange Act requires the filing of annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to a public company s business and financial condition. SOX requires, among other things, that a public company establish and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting. As a result, we will incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. Our management team and many of our other employees will need to devote substantial time to compliance and may not effectively or efficiently manage our transition into a public company. 
 These rules and regulations will result in us incurring substantial legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. For example, these rules and regulations make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be difficult for us to attract and retain qualified people to serve on our Board of Directors, our Board Committees or as executive officers. 
 33 

We are an emerging growth company, and any decision on our part to comply only with certain reduced reporting and disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies could make our Class A common stock less attractive to investors. 
 We are an emerging growth company, and, for as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may choose to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies but not to emerging growth companies, including: 
 not being required to have our independent registered public accounting firm audit our internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of SOX; 

reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements; and 

exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation or golden parachute payments not previously approved. 

Our status as an emerging growth company will end as soon as any of the following occurs: 
 the last day of the fiscal year in which we have more than 1.07 billion in annual revenue; 

the date we qualify as a large accelerated filer, with at least 700 million of equity securities held by non-affiliates; 

the date on which we have issued, in any three-year period, more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities; or 

December 31, 2026. 

We cannot predict if investors will find our securities less attractive if we choose to rely on any of the exemptions afforded emerging growth companies. If some investors find our securities less attractive because we rely on any of these exemptions, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the market price of those securities may be more volatile. 
 Further, the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a registration statement under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Securities Act declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company, which is neither an emerging growth company nor a company that has opted out of using the extended transition period, difficult because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 
 An active trading market for our Class A common stock may not be maintained and an active trading market for our warrants may not develop. 
 Although our Class A common stock is listed on Nasdaq under the symbol SEAT, an active trading market for our Class A common stock may not be maintained. A public trading market having the desirable characteristics of depth, liquidity and orderliness depends upon the existence of willing buyers and sellers at any given time, such existence being dependent upon the individual decisions of buyers and sellers. Additionally, we can provide no assurance that an active trading market for our warrants will develop on Nasdaq or any other exchange in the future. If an active market for our securities does not develop or is not maintained, or if we fail to satisfy the continued listing standards of Nasdaq for any reason and our securities are delisted, it may be difficult for our security holders to sell their 
 34 

securities without depressing the market price for the securities or at all. An inactive trading market may also impair our ability to both raise capital by selling shares of capital stock and acquire other complementary products, technologies or businesses by using our shares of capital stock as consideration. 
 Warrants are exercisable for our Class A common stock and Intermediate Units, which will increase the number of shares eligible for future resale in the public market and result in dilution to our stockholders. 
 The following warrants to purchase our Class A common stock are outstanding and exercisable: 
 warrants to purchase 6,519,791 shares at an exercise price of 11.50 per share; 

warrants to purchase 17,000,000 shares at an exercise price of 10.00 per share; 

warrants to purchase 17,000,000 shares at an exercise price of 15.00 per share; and 

public warrants to purchase 6,766,853 shares at an exercise price of 11.50 per share. 

To the extent such warrants are exercised, additional shares of our Class A common stock will be issued. This will result in dilution to the holders of our Class A common stock and increase the number of shares eligible for resale in the public market. Sales of substantial numbers of such shares in the public market or the fact that such warrants may be exercised could adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 The following warrants to purchase Intermediate Units are outstanding and exercisable are held by Hoya Topco, LLC (collectively, Hoya Intermediate Warrants ): 
 warrants to purchase 3,000,000 shares at an exercise price of 10.00 per share; and 

warrants to purchase 3,000,000 shares at an exercise price of 15.00 per share. 

Upon exercise of a Hoya Intermediate Warrant, one share of our Class B common stock will also be issued. Holders of Intermediate Units (other than us and our subsidiaries) may exchange them for shares of our Class A common stock. Sales of substantial numbers of such shares in the public market or the fact that such warrants may be exercised could adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 Our management also holds options to purchase shares of our Class A common stock. To the extent such options are exercised, additional shares of our Class A common stock will be issued. This will result in dilution to the holders of our Class A common stock and increase the number of shares eligible for resale in the public market. Sales of substantial numbers of such shares in the public market or the fact that such options may be exercised could adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 Securities analysts may not publish favorable research or reports about our business or may publish no information at all, which could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 
 The trading market for our securities will be influenced to some extent by the research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish about us and our business. We will not control these analysts, and the analysts who publish information about us may have relatively little experience with us or our industry, which could affect their ability to accurately forecast our results and could make it more likely that we fail to meet their estimates. If any current or future analysts who cover us provide inaccurate research or issue an adverse opinion regarding our stock price, our stock price could decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports covering us regularly, we could lose visibility in the market, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 
 Provisions in our organizational documents and certain rules imposed by regulatory authorities may delay or prevent our acquisition by a third-party. 
 Our amended and restated charter and our amended and restated bylaws contain several provisions that may make it more difficult or expensive for a third-party to acquire control of us without the approval of our Board of Directors. These provisions, which may delay, prevent or deter a merger, acquisition, tender offer, proxy contest or other transaction that stockholders may consider favorable, include the following: 
 35 

the sole ability of directors to fill a vacancy on the Board of Directors; 

advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director nominations; 

after we no longer qualify as a controlled company under applicable Nasdaq listing rules, provisions limiting stockholders' ability to (i) call special meetings of stockholders, (ii) require extraordinary general meetings of stockholders and (iii) take action by written consent; 

the ability of the Board of Directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred stock without stockholder approval, which could be used, among other things, to institute a rights plan that would have the effect of significantly diluting the stock ownership of a potential hostile acquirer, likely preventing acquisitions that have not been approved by our governing body; 

the division of the Board of Directors into three classes, with each class serving staggered three-year terms; and 

the lack of cumulative voting for the election of directors. 

These provisions of our amended and restated charter and our amended and restated bylaws could discourage potential takeover attempts and reduce the price that investors might be willing to pay for shares of our Class A common stock in the future, which could reduce the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 The provisions of our amended and restated charter requiring exclusive forum in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and the federal district courts of the United States for certain types of lawsuits may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 
 Our amended and restated charter provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, and unless we provide consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, in the event that the Chancery Court does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court for the District of Delaware or other state courts of the State of Delaware) will be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer, employee or stockholder to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporate Laws DGCL ), our amended and restated charter or our amended and restated bylaws or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, provided that this provision, including for any derivative action, will not apply to suits to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Our amended and restated charter will further provide that the federal district courts of the United States will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. By becoming our stockholder, you will be deemed to have notice of and consented to the exclusive forum provisions of our amended and restated charter. There is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such a provision relating to causes of action arising under the Securities Act, and investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 These provisions may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. The enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies certificates of incorporation has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that, in connection with any applicable action brought against us, a court could find the choice of forum provisions contained in our amended and restated charter to be inapplicable or unenforceable in such action. 
 36 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 Item 2. Properties 
 As of December 31, 2022, we leased approximately 48,000 square feet of space in Chicago, Illinois for our headquarters under a lease agreement that runs through December 31, 2033 with a 5-year renewal option, unless terminated sooner. We also lease facilities in Coppell, Texas and Toronto, Ontario. 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 Part II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Principal Market 
 On October 19, 2021, our Class A common stock and warrants began trading on the Nasdaq under the symbols SEAT and SEATW , respectively. Prior to that date, there was no public trading market for our common stock and warrants. 
 Stockholders 
 As of February 28, 2023, there were 79 holders of record of our common stock. The actual number of our stockholders is greater than this number, and includes beneficial owners whose shares are held in street name by banks, brokers and other nominees. 
 Dividends 
 None. 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 Information concerning our equity compensation plan is incorporated herein by reference to Part III, Item 12 of this report. 
 Use of Proceeds from Sale of Registered Securities 
 None. 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 On May 25, 2022, our board of directors authorized a share repurchase program of our Class A Common Stock of up to 40.0 million Repurchase Program ). The Repurchase Program was announced on May 26, 2022 and will be effective until March 31, 2023. We may repurchase shares from time to time in open market transactions, through privately negotiated transactions or otherwise in accordance with applicable federal securities laws. The amount and timing of repurchases will depend upon market conditions and other factors including price. The Repurchase Program does not obligate us to acquire any particular amount of stock, and it may be terminated, modified, or suspended at any time at our discretion. The Repurchase Program commenced on July 5, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we have repurchased 4.3 million shares of our Class A Common Stock for 32.5 million under the Repurchase 
 37 

Program which includes commissions paid of 0.1 million. The share repurchases are accounted for as Treasury stock in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The following table provides information about purchases of shares of our common stock during the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Date 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased 

Weighted Average Price Paid Per Share(1) 

Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program 

Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under Program (in millions) 

September 1-30, 2022 

397,551 

7.65 

397,551 

36.9 

October 1-31, 2022 

716,857 

7.87 

716,857 

31.3 

November 1-30, 2022 

972,578 

7.73 

972,578 

23.8 

December 1-31, 2022 

2,255,491 

7.19 

2,255,491 

7.5 

Total 

4,342,477 

7.46 

4,342,477 

(1) The weighted average price paid per share does not include the cost of commissions. 

Stock Performance Graph 
 The following graph depicts the total return to stockholders from the closing price on October 19, 2021 (the date our Class A common stock began trading on Nasdaq) through December 31, 2022, relative to the performance of Nasdaq Composite and the Russell 2000 Technology Index. The graph assumes 100 invested at the closing price on October 19, 2021 in each of our Class A common stock, the Nasdaq Composite and the Russell 2000 Technology Index, and dividends reinvested in the security or index. The comparisons reflected in the graph are not intended to forecast the future performance of our stock and may not be indicative of our future performance. 
 
 38 

Item 6. [R e served] 

39 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Op erations 
 Our discussion and analysis is intended to help the reader understand our results of operations and financial condition and is provided as an addition to, and should be read in connection with, our audited consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under the section titled Forward-Looking Statements, Risk Factors or in other parts in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any period in the future. 
 Overview 
 We are an online ticket marketplace that utilizes our technology platform to connect fans of live events seamlessly with ticket sellers. Our mission is to empower and enable fans to Experience It Live. We believe in the power of shared experiences to connect people with live events delivering some of life s most exciting moments. We operate a technology platform and marketplace that enables ticket buyers to easily discover and purchase tickets from ticket sellers while enabling ticket sellers to seamlessly manage their operations. We differentiate from competitors by offering an extensive breadth and depth of ticket listings at a competitive value. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, our revenues were 600.3 million, 443.0 million, and 35.1 million, respectively, and Marketplace Gross Order Value Marketplace GOV was 3,184.8 million, 2,399.1 million, and 347.3 million, respectively. Our net income was 70.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Our net loss was 19.1 million and 774.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Our Business Model 
 We operate our business in two segments, Marketplace and Resale. 
 Marketplace 
 In our Marketplace segment, we act as an intermediary between ticket buyers and sellers through which we earn revenue from processing ticket sales on our website and mobile applications and sales initiated through our numerous distribution partners. Our Marketplace segment also includes our daily fantasy sports offering, where users partake in contests by making picks from a variety of sport and player matchups. Using our online platform, we facilitate customer payments, deposits and withdrawals, coordinate ticket deliveries, and provide customer service to our ticket buyers and sellers and daily fantasy sports users. We do not hold ticket inventory in our Marketplace segment. 
 We primarily earn revenue from service and delivery fees charged to ticket buyers. We also earn referral fee revenue by offering event ticket insurance to ticket buyers, using a third-party insurance provider. The revenue we earn from our daily fantasy sports offering is the difference between cash entry fees collected and cash amounts paid out to users for winning picks, less customer promotions and incentives in a period. 
 We incur costs for developing and maintaining our platform, providing back-office and customer support to ticket buyers, sellers and daily fantasy sports users, facilitating payments and deposits, and shipping non-electronic tickets. We also incur substantial marketing costs, primarily related to online advertising. 
 A key component of our platform is Skybox, a proprietary ERP tool used by the majority of our ticket sellers. Skybox is a free-to-use system that helps ticket sellers manage ticket inventories, adjust pricing, and fulfill orders across multiple ticket resale marketplaces. Professional ticket sellers use an ERP to manage their operations and Skybox is their most widely adopted ERP. 
 Resale 
 In our Resale segment, we acquire tickets to resell on secondary ticketing marketplaces, including our own. Our Resale segment also provides internal research and development support for Skybox and our ongoing efforts to deliver industry-leading seller software and tools. 
 40 

Key Business Metrics and Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 We use the following metrics to evaluate our performance, identify trends, formulate financial projections, and make strategic decisions. We believe that these metrics provide useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our results of operations in the same manner as our management team. 
 The following table summarizes our key business metrics and non-GAAP financial measure (in thousands): 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Marketplace GOV (1) 

3,184,754 

2,399,092 

347,259 

Total Marketplace orders (2) 

9,183 

6,637 

1,066 

Total Resale orders (3) 

313 

199 

49 

Adjusted EBITDA (4) 

113,325 

109,869 

(80,204) 

(1) Marketplace GOV represents the total transactional amount of Marketplace segment orders placed on our platform in a period, inclusive of fees, exclusive of taxes, and net of event cancellations that occurred during that period. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Marketplace GOV was negatively impacted by event cancellations in the amount of 80.3 million, compared to 108.0 million and 216.0 million during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 

(2) Total Marketplace orders represents the volume of Marketplace segment orders placed on our platform during a period, net of event cancellations that occurred during that period. During the year ended December 31, 2022, our Marketplace segment experienced 199,595 event cancellations, compared to 257,109 and 549,085 event cancellations during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 

(3) Total Resale orders represents the volume of Resale segment orders in a period, net of event cancellations that occurred during that period. During the year ended December 31, 2022, our Resale segment experienced 5,205 event cancellations, compared to 6,165 and 20,644 event cancellations during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. 

(4) Adjusted EBITDA is not a measure defined under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). We believe Adjusted EBITDA provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our results of operations, as well as provides a useful measure for period-to-period comparisons of our business performance. Refer to the Adjusted EBITDA section below for a reconciliation to its most directly comparable GAAP measure. 

Marketplace GOV 
 Marketplace GOV is a key driver of our Marketplace segment revenue. Marketplace GOV represents the total transactional amount of Marketplace orders in a period, inclusive of fees, exclusive of taxes, and net of event cancellations that occurred during that period. Marketplace GOV reflects our ability to attract and retain customers, as well as the overall health of the industry. 
 Our Marketplace GOV is impacted by seasonality, and typically sees increased activity in the fourth quarter when all major sports leagues are in season and we experience increases in order volume for theater during the holiday season and concert on-sales for the subsequent year. Quarterly fluctuations in our Marketplace GOV result from the number of cancellations, the popularity and demand of performers, tours, teams, and events, and the length and team composition of sports playoff series and championship games. 
 Our Marketplace GOV increased during the year ended December 31, 2022 as a result of a higher number of orders processed, driven by the resumption and increasing number of live events and fewer event cancellations. 
 41 

Total Marketplace Orders 
 Total Marketplace orders represents the volume of Marketplace segment orders placed on our platform in a period, net of event cancellations. An order can include one or more tickets and/or parking passes. Total Marketplace orders allow us to monitor order volume and better identify trends within our Marketplace segment. Total Marketplace orders increased during the year ended December 31, 2022 as a result of a higher number of orders processed, driven by the resumption and increasing number of live events and fewer event cancellations. 
 Total Resale Orders 
 Total Resale orders represents the volume of Resale segment orders sold in a period, net of event cancellations. An order can include one or more tickets and/or parking passes. Total Resale orders allow us to monitor order volume and better identify trends within our Resale segment. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 We present Adjusted EBITDA, which is a non-GAAP measure, because it is a measure frequently used by analysts, investors, and other interested parties to evaluate companies in our industry. Further, we believe this measure is helpful in highlighting trends in our operating results because it excludes the impact of items that are outside the control of management or not reflective of ongoing performance related directly to the operation of our business segments. 
 Adjusted EBITDA is a key measurement used by our management internally to make operating decisions, including those related to analyzing operating expenses, evaluating performance, and performing strategic planning and annual budgeting. Moreover, we believe Adjusted EBITDA provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our results of operations. It also provides a useful measure for period-to-period comparisons of our business performance and highlights trends in our operating results. 
 The following is a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to its most directly comparable GAAP measure, net income (loss) (in thousands): 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income (loss) 

70,779 

(19,129) 

(774,185) 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

(1,590) 

304 

Interest expense net 

12,858 

58,179 

57,482 

Depreciation and amortization 

7,732 

2,322 

48,247 

Sales tax liability (1) 

2,814 

8,956 

6,772 

Transaction costs (2) 

4,840 

12,852 

359 

Equity-based compensation (3) 

19,053 

6,047 

4,287 

Loss on extinguishment of debt (4) 

4,285 

35,828 

685 

Litigation, settlements and related costs (5) 

2,477 

2,835 

1,347 

Severance related to COVID-19 (6) 

286 

795 

Change in fair value of warrants (7) 

(8,227) 

1,389 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration (8) 

(2,065) 

Loss on asset disposals (9) 

369 

169 

Impairment charges (10) 

573,838 

Adjusted EBITDA 

113,325 

109,869 

(80,204) 

(1) We have historically incurred sales tax expense in jurisdictions where we expected to remit sales tax payments but were not yet collecting from customers. During the second half of 2021, we began collecting sales tax from customers in the required jurisdictions. The sales tax liability presented herein represents the tax liability for sales tax prior to the date we began collecting sales tax from customers reduced by abatements received, inclusive of any penalties and interest assessed by the jurisdictions. The aforementioned liability was fully paid in 2022. 
 42 

(2) Transaction costs consist of legal; accounting; tax and other professional fees; personnel-related costs, which consist of retention bonuses; and integration costs. Transaction costs recognized in 2022 were related to the merger transaction with Horizon Acquisition Corporation (the Merger Transaction ), the acquisition of Betcha Sports, Inc. Betcha rebranded as Vivid Picks ), refinancing of the remaining June 2017 First Lien Loan with a new 275.0 million term loan (the February 2022 First Lien Loan and our offering to the holders of our outstanding public warrants to receive shares of Class A Common Stock in exchange for each outstanding public warrant tendered by the holder. Transaction costs recognized in 2021 were related to the Merger Transaction, to the extent they were not eligible for capitalization, and the acquisition of Vivid Picks. Transaction costs recognized in 2020 were related to the acquisition of Fanxchange Ltd. in 2019. 
 (3) We incur equity-based compensation expenses for profits interests issued prior to the Merger Transaction and equity granted according to the 2021 Incentive Award Plan 2021 Plan ), which we do not consider to be indicative of our core operating performance. The 2021 Plan was approved and adopted in order to facilitate the grant of equity incentive awards to our employees and directors. The 2021 Plan became effective on October 18, 2021. 
 (4) Loss on extinguishment of debt incurred in 2022 resulted from the extinguishment of the June 2017 First Lien Loan in February 2022. Loss on extinguishment of debt incurred in 2021 and 2020 resulted from the retirement of the May 2020 First Lien Loan, fees paid related to the early payment of a portion of the principal of the June 2017 First Lien Loan in October 2021, and the retirement of the revolving credit facility in May 2020. 
 (5) These expenses relate to external legal costs and settlement costs, which were unrelated to our core business operations. 
 (6) These charges relate to severance costs resulting from significant reductions in employee headcount due to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 (7) This relates to the revaluation of warrants to purchase common units of Hoya Intermediate Intermediate Units held by Hoya Topco following the Merger Transaction. 
 (8) This relates to the revaluation of Vivid Picks cash earnouts. 
 (9) This relates to asset disposals, which are not considered indicative of our core operating performance. 
 (10) We incurred impairment charges triggered by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic during the year ended December 31, 2020. The impairment charges resulted in a reduction in the carrying values of our goodwill, indefinite-lived trademark, definite-lived intangible assets, and other long-lived assets. 
 Key Factors Affecting Our Performance 
 Our operational and financial results have been, and will continue to be, affected by a number of factors that present significant opportunities as well as risks and challenges, including those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on 10-K, particularly in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors. The key factors discussed below impacted our 2022 results or are anticipated to impact our 2023 results. 
 Growth and Retention of Buyers, Sellers and Distribution Partners 
 Our revenue growth primarily depends on acquiring and retaining customers. We seek to have ticket buyers and sellers view us as the go-to ticketing marketplace when searching for, purchasing and selling event tickets. We differentiate from competitors by offering an extensive breadth and depth of ticket listings at a competitive value, and by providing a reliable and secure experience for ticket buyers. We acquire new ticket buyers through various marketing channels, partnerships, brand advertisement and word-of-mouth. Performance marketing channels are highly competitive, and we must continue to be effective in these acquisition channels. We seek to retain buyers by cultivating brand awareness and affinity for our differentiated offering. We provide an optimal customer experience, additional avenues for engagement and outreach such as through customized emails and Vivid Picks, and most importantly, exceptional value with our Vivid Seats Rewards program. Likewise, we must preserve our longstanding relationships with ticket sellers to maintain extensive ticket listing options at competitive prices. We recognize the 
 43 

importance of seller and other distribution relationships in the ticketing ecosystem and offer products and services designed to support the needs of our sellers and distribution partners. 
 Macroenvironment and Resulting Consumer Demand for Live Events 
 Consumer demand for live events could be impacted by economic conditions affecting disposable consumer income, including unemployment levels, fuel prices, interest rates, changes in tax rates and tax laws that impact individuals and rising inflation, that affect disposable consumer income. These economic conditions could affect overall demand for live event tickets, ticket prices and/or price sensitivity, which in turn could have a negative impact on our business and financial results. 
 Ticketing Industry Competition 
 Our business faces significant competition from other national, regional and local primary and secondary ticketing service providers. We also face competition in the resale of tickets from other professional ticket resellers. Forms of competition can include, but are not limited to, increasing performance marketing spend, increasing brand advertisement spend, pricing changes, exclusive partnerships, and new product offerings and enhancements. To combat such competitive dynamics, we continue to refine our marketing strategies to attract and retain customers and innovate to offer our customers an attractive value proposition. 
 Supply of Concert, Sporting and Theater Events 
 The number of live concert, sporting, and theater events will have a significant effect on our revenue and operating income. Many of the factors affecting the number of live events are beyond our control. 
 Attracting and Retaining Talent 
 We rely on the ability to attract and retain employees. Our future success depends on our continuing ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization. We share the dedication to our mission to Experience It Live . Offering employees an engaging and positive work environment contributes to both their success and our success. We are committed to fostering an environment that is inclusive and welcoming to diversity in backgrounds, experiences and thoughts as a means toward achieving employee engagement, empowerment, innovation and good decision-making. 
 Seasonality 
 Our operational and financial results can be impacted by seasonality, with increased activity in the fourth quarter when all major sports leagues are in season and we experience an increase in order volume for theater events during the holiday season and concert on-sales for the subsequent year. In addition, our quarterly results and quarterly year-over-year growth rates can be impacted by: 
 sports teams performance, the number of playoff games in a series and teams involved; 

the timing of tours of top grossing acts; 

tour, game, and other event cancellations due to weather, illness or other factors; and 

popularity and demand for certain performers and events. 

COVID-19 Pandemic 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to have, a significant negative impact on our business, operational and financial results. Beginning in the second quarter of 2021, and continuing throughout 2022, we have seen a recovery in ticket orders as mitigation measures eased. While we have experienced recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic, given the emergence of new variants and continued infectious cases, uncertainty remains. If economic conditions caused by the pandemic were to worsen, our financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations may be further materially impacted. 
 44 

Results of Operations 
 Discussions of the year ended December 31, 2021 and comparison between the year ended December 31, 2021 and the year ended December 31, 2020 can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 15, 2022. 
 Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 The following table sets forth our results of operations (in thousands, except percentages): 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Revenues 

600,274 

443,038 

157,236 

35 

Costs and expenses: 

Cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately below) 

140,508 

90,617 

49,891 

55 

Marketing and selling 

248,375 

181,358 

67,017 

37 

General and administrative 

127,619 

92,170 

35,449 

38 

Depreciation and amortization 

7,732 

2,322 

5,410 

233 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

(2,065) 

(2,065) 

100 

Income from operations 

78,105 

76,571 

1,534 

2 

Other (income) expense: 

Interest expense net 

12,858 

58,179 

(45,321) 

(78) 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

4,285 

35,828 

(31,543) 

(88) 

Other (income) expense 

(8,227) 

1,389 

(9,616) 

(692) 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

69,189 

(18,825) 

88,014 

468 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

(1,590) 

304 

(1,894) 

(623) 

Net income (loss) 

70,779 

(19,129) 

89,908 

470 

Net loss attributable to Hoya Intermediate, LLC shareholders prior to reverse recapitalization 

(12,836) 

12,836 

100 

Net income (loss) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests 

42,117 

(3,010) 

45,127 

1,499 

Net income (loss) attributable to Class A Common Stockholders 

28,662 

(3,283) 

31,945 

973 

Revenues 
 The following table presents revenues by segment (in thousands, except percentages): 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Revenues: 

Marketplace 

511,094 

389,668 

121,426 

31 

Resale 

89,180 

53,370 

35,810 

67 

Total revenues 

600,274 

443,038 

157,236 

35 

Total revenues increased 157.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase, which occurred in both our Marketplace and Resale segments, resulted from an increase in new orders processed resulting from the resumption and increasing number of live events and fewer event cancellations. The pandemic and resulting mitigation measures had a significant adverse effect on order volume and event cancellations during the year ended December 31, 2021. In the second quarter of 2021, most local governments began to lift large scale restrictions on live events such that there was a significant increase in live events held for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 45 

Marketplace 
 The following table presents revenues in our Marketplace segment by event category (in thousands, except percentages): 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Revenues: 

Concerts 

251,423 

171,149 

80,274 

47 

Sports 

196,467 

175,471 

20,996 

12 

Theater 

61,483 

41,745 

19,738 

47 

Other 

1,721 

1,303 

418 

32 

Total Marketplace revenues 

511,094 

389,668 

121,426 

31 

Marketplace revenues increased 121.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in Marketplace revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 resulted primarily from an overall increase in new orders processed, driven by the resumption and increasing number of live events, and fewer event cancellations compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in Marketplace revenues was primarily driven by the concert category and resulted from an increase in new orders processed, driven by the resumption and overall increasing number of events, rescheduling of postponed events and reduced event cancellations. 
 Total Marketplace orders increased 2.5 million, or 38 , during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Cancellation charges, which are recognized as a reduction to revenues, were 27.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 34.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Cancellation charges for the year ended December 31, 2022 were lower than the year ended December 31, 2021 due to lower event cancellations in all event categories and higher recorded breakage on customer credits, partially offset by higher customer refunds that increase as order volume increases. 
 Marketplace revenues by business model consisted of the following (in thousands, except percentages): 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Revenues: 

Owned Properties 

400,413 

308,226 

92,187 

30 

Private Label 

110,681 

81,442 

29,239 

36 

Total Marketplace revenues 

511,094 

389,668 

121,426 

31 

The increases in revenue from both Owned Properties and Private Label during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 resulted from an increase in new orders processed, particularly in the concert category, and fewer event cancellations. 
 Within the Marketplace segment, we also earn referral fee revenue by offering event ticket insurance to ticket buyers, using a third-party insurance provider. Our referral fee revenue was 33.4 million and 33.5 million during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Referral fees were flat compared to 2021 as insurance attachment rate to orders declined. 
 Resale 
 Revenue for our Resale segment increased 35.8 million, or 67 , during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase resulted primarily from higher order volume in the concert category. Total Resale orders increased 0.1 million, or 57 , during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Cancellation charges, classified as a reduction of revenue, 
 46 

negatively impacted Resale revenue by less than 0.1 million and 2.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Cost of Revenues (exclusive of Depreciation and Amortization) 
 The following table presents cost of revenues by segment (in thousands, except percentages): 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Cost of revenues: 

Marketplace 

73,126 

51,702 

21,424 

41 

Resale 

67,382 

38,915 

28,467 

73 

Total cost of revenues 

140,508 

90,617 

49,891 

55 

Total cost of revenues increased 49.9 million, or 55 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase to total cost of revenues resulted primarily from higher order volume in both our Marketplace and Resale segments and a higher proportion of revenue from our Resale segment. 
 Marketplace 
 Marketplace cost of revenues increased 21.4 million, or 41 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in cost of revenues is fairly consistent with the increase in total Marketplace orders, which increased by 2.5 million orders, or 38 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Resale 
 Resale cost of revenues increased 28.5 million, or 73 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase resulted from an increase in total Resale orders of 0.1 million orders, or 57 , during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in Resale cost of revenues is not consistent with the increase in Resale revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This was driven by strong post-COVID recovery demand in 2021 that resulted in abnormally high margins. Cancellation charges resulted in a reduction to Resale cost of revenues of 0.5 million and 1.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Marketing and Selling 
 The following table presents marketing and selling expenses (in thousands, except percentages): 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

Marketing and selling: 

Online 

224,872 

160,420 

64,452 

40 

Offline 

23,503 

20,938 

2,565 

12 

Total marketing and selling 

248,375 

181,358 

67,017 

37 

Marketing and selling expenses, which are entirely attributable to our Marketplace segment, increased 67.0 million, or 37 , during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in expenses primarily resulted from greater spending on online advertising. Our spending on online advertising increased by 64.5 million, or 40 , during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 as we scaled to capture an increase in live event demand and experienced increased competition in performance marketing channels. The increase in our offline advertising expense was driven by our revamped brand awareness marketing efforts, which began with a large campaign in the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 47 

General and Administrative 
 The following table presents general and administrative expenses (in thousands, except percentages): 

2022 

2021 

Change 

Change 

General and administrative: 

Personnel expenses 

88,037 

47,546 

40,491 

85 

Non-income tax expenses 

4,380 

10,016 

(5,636) 

(56) 

Other 

35,202 

34,608 

594 

2 

Total general and administrative 

127,619 

92,170 

35,449 

38 

Total general and administrative expenses increased 35.4 million, or 38 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to a higher personnel expenses attributable to higher employee headcount, an increase in costs for our outsourced customer service provider and an increase in stock compensation expense from awards granted pursuant to the 2021 Plan, which became effective on October 18, 2021. This increase was partially offset by a decrease in non-income tax expense as we began collecting sales tax from customers in the required jurisdictions in the second half of 2021. The majority of the non-income tax expense in the prior periods represents the exposure for sales tax prior to the date we began collecting sales tax from customers, reduced by abatements received, and inclusive of any penalties and interest assessed by the jurisdictions. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses increased 5.4 million, or 233 , during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily as a result of an increase in development activities related to our platform and the intangibles acquired as part of the Vivid Picks acquisition. 
 Change in fair value of contingent consideration 
 Change in fair value of contingent consideration was 2.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 due to the fair value remeasurement of cash earnouts. 
 Other (Income) Expense 
 Interest expense net 
 Interest expense decreased 45.3 million, or 78 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. We paid off the May 2020 First Lien Loan and made a partial payment of the outstanding principal on the June 2017 First Lien Loan in the fourth quarter of 2021. In addition, we further reduced our outstanding debt balance and effective interest rate on February 3, 2022 when we refinanced the June 2017 First Lien Loan with the February 2022 First Lien Loan. 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt 
 Loss on extinguishment of debt decreased 31.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, loss on extinguishment of debt was due to the refinancing of the June 2017 First Lien Loan with the February 2022 First Lien Loan in the first quarter of 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2021, loss on extinguishment of debt was due to our full repayment of the May 2020 First Lien Loan and a partial repayment of the outstanding principal on the June 2017 First Lien Loan. The loss includes 28.0 million for a prepayment penalty, 6.1 million for the amortization of the remaining balance of the original issuance discount and issuance costs related to the repayment of the May 2020 First Lien Loan in full and 1.7 million for the amortization of the balance of the original issuance discount and issuance costs related to the partial repayment of the outstanding principal on the June 2017 First Lien Loan. 
 Other (income) expense 
 48 

Other (income) expense decreased 9.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, other (income) expense was related to the fair value remeasurement of the Hoya Intermediate Warrants. For the year ended December 31, 2021, other (income) expense was primarily related to our modification of the terms of Public Warrants in connection with the Merger Transaction. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 We have historically financed our operations primarily through cash generated from our operating activities. Our primary short-term requirements for liquidity and capital are to fund general working capital, capital expenditures, and debt service requirements. Our primary long-term liquidity needs are related to debt repayment and potential acquisitions. 
 Our primary sources of funds are cash generated from operations and proceeds from borrowings, including our term loans. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we borrowed 50.0 million under our revolving credit facility in March 2020 and subsequently entered into the May 2020 First Lien Loan (defined below). We received 251.5 million in net cash proceeds from the May 2020 First Lien Loan, which we used to repay the 50.0 million in outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility in May 2020 and to fund our operations. As noted in the Liquidity and Capital Resources Loan Agreements section below, we repaid the May 2020 First Lien Loan in connection with, and using the proceeds from, the Merger Transaction and the PIPE Financing. Our existing cash and cash equivalents are sufficient to fund our liquidity needs for the next 12 months. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 251.5 million of cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents consist of interest-bearing deposit accounts and money market accounts managed by financial institutions. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we generated positive cash flows from our operating activities. 
 Loan Agreements 
 In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we entered into the May 2020 First Lien Loan, which resulted in 251.5 million in net cash proceeds. The May 2020 First Lien Loan, which is pari passu with the June 2017 First Lien Loan, carries a variable interest rate of LIBOR plus an applicable margin of 9.50 , or a base rate plus an applicable margin of 8.50 . The May 2020 First Lien Loan matures in May 2026, subject to an earlier springing maturity date of June 30, 2024 if the June 2017 First Lien Loan, or a refinancing thereof with scheduled payments of principal prior to June 30, 2024, remains outstanding as of that date. The effective interest rate on the May 2020 First Lien Loan, which fluctuates based on certain paid-in-kind elections, was 11.50 per annum as of December 31, 2020. We made no payments during 2020 on the May 2020 First Lien Term Loan. Interest incurred under the May 2020 First Lien Loan was capitalized into the principal quarterly in August and November 2020, resulting in an outstanding principal of 275.7 million as of December 31, 2020. Additional interest was capitalized into the principal in the first nine months of 2021, resulting in an outstanding principal of 304.1 million as of September 30, 2021. On October 18, 2021, we repaid this loan in full in connection with, and using the proceeds from, the Merger Transaction and the PIPE Financing and incurred a 28.0 million prepayment penalty. 
 We had an outstanding loan balance of 465.7 million under the June 2017 First Lien Loan as of December 31, 2021. In the first quarter of 2022, we repaid 190.7 million of the outstanding June 2017 First Lien Loan. On February 3, 2022, we entered into an amendment which refinanced the remaining June 2017 First Lien Loan with a new 275.0 million February 2022 First Lien Loan with a maturity date of February 3, 2029, added a new revolving credit facility (the Revolving Facility in an aggregate principal amount of 100.0 million with a maturity date of February 3, 2027, replaced the LIBOR based floating interest rate with a term secured overnight financing rate SOFR based floating interest rate and revised the springing financial covenant to require compliance with a first lien net leverage ratio when revolver borrowings exceed certain levels. The February 2022 First Lien Loan requires quarterly amortization payments of 0.7 million. The Revolving Facility does not require periodic payments. All obligations under the February 2022 First Lien Loan are secured, subject to permitted liens and other exceptions, by first-priority perfected security interests in substantially all of our assets. The February 2022 First Lien Loan carries an interest rate of SOFR plus 3.25 . The SOFR rate for the February 2022 First Lien Loan is subject to a 0.5 floor. 
 49 

As of December 31, 2022, we are only party to one credit facility, the February 2022 First Lien Loan. At December 31, 2022, we had no outstanding borrowings under our Revolving Facility. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 On May 25, 2022, our board of directors authorized a share repurchase program of our Class A Common Stock of up to 40.0 million Repurchase Program ). The Repurchase Program was announced on May 26, 2022 and will be effective until March 31, 2023. We may repurchase shares from time to time in open market transactions, through privately negotiated transactions or otherwise in accordance with applicable federal securities laws. The amount and timing of repurchases will depend upon market conditions and other factors including price. The Repurchase Program does not obligate us to acquire any particular amount of stock, and it may be terminated, modified, or suspended at any time at our discretion. The Repurchase Program commenced on July 5, 2022 upon the completion of the Exchange of our Public Warrants. As of December 31, 2022, we have repurchased 4.3 million shares of our Class A Common Stock for 32.5 million under the Repurchase Program. The share repurchases are accounted for as Treasury stock in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Distributions to non-controlling interests 
 Per the Hoya Intermediate LLC agreement, Hoya Intermediate is required to make pro-rata tax distributions to its members, of which 5.2 million was distributed to non-controlling interests in the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Tax Receivable Agreement 
 In connection with the Merger Transaction, we entered into a Tax Receivable Agreement with the existing Hoya Intermediate shareholders that will provide for payment to Hoya Intermediate shareholders of 85 of the amount of the tax savings, if any, that we realize (or, under certain circumstances, is deemed to realize) as a result of, or attributable to, (i) increases in the tax basis of assets owned directly or indirectly by Hoya Intermediate or its subsidiaries from, among other things, any redemptions or exchanges of Intermediate Units (ii) existing tax basis (including depreciation and amortization deductions arising from such tax basis) in long-lived assets owned directly or indirectly by Hoya Intermediate and its subsidiaries, and (iii) certain other tax benefits (including deductions in respect of imputed interest) related to Hoya Intermediate making payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated (in thousands): 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

14,375 

175,790 

(33,892) 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(15,415) 

(9,345) 

(7,605) 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

(236,480) 

38,028 

245,545 

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

(237,520) 

204,473 

204,048 

Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 14.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 due to 70.8 million in net income, non-cash charges of 24.4 million, and net cash outflows from a 80.8 million change in net operating liabilities. The net cash outflows from the change in our net operating liabilities were primarily due to a 94.4 million decrease in accrued expenses and other current liabilities and a 30.8 million decrease in accounts payable, partially offset by a 42.9 million decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets. The decreases resulted primarily from sales tax liability settlements, the redemption of customer credits issued during the COVID-19 pandemic, and a decrease in amounts payable to ticket sellers as events postponed during the COVID-19 pandemic finally occurred. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 175.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 due to 19.1 million in net loss, non-cash charges of 75.3 million, and net cash inflows from a 119.7 million change in net operating assets. The net cash inflows from the change in our net operating assets were primarily due to a 128.2 
 50 

million increase in accounts payable, 19.2 million increase in deferred revenue, and a 14.2 million increase in accrued expenses and other current liabilities, partially offset by a 44.1 million decrease related to deferred paid-in-kind interest paid on May 2020 First Lien Loan, 7.6 million decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets and a 4.3 million increase in inventory. Excluding the decrease related to deferred paid-in-kind interest, each of these resulted from higher order volume and lower event cancellations in 2021. We identified an immaterial error and revised the deferred interest payment of 44.1 million from an outflow in cash flows from financing activities to an outflow in cash flows from operating activities in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2021. This is outlined within Note 1, Background, Description of Business and Basis of Presentation . 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 33.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 due to 774.2 million in net loss, non-cash charges of 646.8 million, and net cash outflows from a 93.5 million change in net operating assets. The net cash outflows from the change in net operating assets were primarily due to an increase of 195.4 million in accrued expenses and other current liabilities, partially offset by a 67.6 million increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets and a 28.7 million decrease in accounts payable. These changes primarily resulted from lower order volume and higher cancellation rates in 2020. 
 Cash Used in Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 15.4 million, which was attributable to capital spending on development activities related to our platform and capital expenditures related to our new corporate headquarters in Chicago, which we moved into in late 2022. 
 Net cash used in investing activities for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was 9.3 million and 7.6 million, respectively, which was primarily attributable to capital spending on development activities related to our platform. 
 Cash (Used in) Provided by Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 236.5 million and was primarily related to the repayment of the June 2017 First Lien Loan in connection with the refinancing and our Class A Common Stock Repurchase Program. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 38.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This was due to capital contributions of 752.9 million, offset by 441.0 million in debt payments and debt extinguishment costs, 236.0 million of preferred equity redemptions, 20.1 million of Merger Transaction costs, and 17.7 million of dividends paid. We identified an immaterial error and revised the deferred interest payment of 44.1 million from an outflow in cash flows from financing activities to an outflow in cash flows from operating activities in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2021. This is outlined within Note 1, Background, Description of Business and Basis of Presentation . 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 245.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, which resulted primarily from 260.0 million in proceeds from our May 2020 First Lien Loan. This was partially offset by 6.5 million arranger fee on the May 2020 First Lien Loan, 5.9 million in principal payments on our June 2017 First Lien Loan, and 2.1 million in other debt-related costs. We also borrowed 50.0 million under our Revolving Facility, which we subsequently repaid in 2020. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Exchange Act, that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). Preparation of our financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, costs, and 
 51 

expenses, and related disclosures. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. The assumptions and estimates associated with revenue recognition; equity-based compensation, warrants and earnouts, and impairment of our goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets, definite-lived intangible assets, long-lived assets, and valuation allowances have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements. Accordingly, these are the policies that are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our Consolidated Balance Sheets, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Revenue from our Marketplace segment primarily consists of service and delivery fees from ticketing operations, reduced by incentives provided to ticket buyers. We also recognize revenue for referral fees earned on the purchase of ticket insurance by ticket buyers from third-party insurers. We recognize revenue from our Marketplace segment when the ticket seller confirms an order with the ticket buyer, at which point the seller is obligated to deliver the tickets to the ticket buyer in accordance with the original marketplace listing. Revenue from Marketplace transactions is recognized on a net basis because we act as an agent for these transactions. Additionally, the revenue we earn from our daily fantasy sports offering is the difference between cash entry fees collected and cash amounts paid out to users for winning picks, less customer promotions and incentives in a period. 
 We estimate and reserve for future cancellation charges based on historical trends, with the corresponding charge reducing revenue. This reserve, known as accrued future customer compensation, is classified within Accrued expenses and other current liabilities, with a corresponding asset for expected recoveries from ticket sellers and distribution partners recorded within Prepaid expenses and other current assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Specific judgments and assumptions considered when estimating future cancellation charges include historical cancellation charges as a percentage of sales, the average length of time to realize such charges, and the potential exposure based on the volume of recent sales activity. Following the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, estimates for future cancellation charges resulting from event cancellations have been determined based on historical event cancellation rates during different phases of the recovery and management s estimates of future event cancellation trends. 
 Such estimates are inherently uncertain as we are unable to predict the rate at which actual cancellation charges will occur. To the extent that actual cancellation charges are materially different than previously estimated amounts, or changes in recent trends require updates to previously reserved amounts, revenue may be materially impacted. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, cancellation charge reserves increased materially in 2020 due to the large volume of cancellations that occurred from the pandemic. In 2021 and 2022, reserves reduced due to reductions in estimated future cancellation rates. In extreme circumstances, should actual cancellation charges exceed previous estimates by a significant amount, we may experience negative overall revenue. 
 When an event is cancelled, ticket buyers may receive either a cash refund or credit for future purchases in our marketplace. Credits issued to buyers for cancellations are recorded as accrued customer compensation within Accrued expenses and other current liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. When a credit is redeemed, revenue is recognized for the newly placed order. Breakage income from customer credits that are not expected to be used, and are not subject to escheatment, is estimated and recognized as revenue in proportion to the pattern of redemption for the customer credits that are used. We estimate breakage based on historical usage trends for credits issued by us and available data on comparable programs. To the extent that actual usage differs from expected usage, that trends in usage rates differ from those used to establish our breakage estimate, or that the volume of credits subject to escheatment changes, revenue may be materially impacted. In 2022, we increased our estimated breakage rates based on lower credit usage. Our recorded breakage estimates exclude credits subject to escheatment and are further constrained by our limited history of customer credits and exposure to events beyond our control. 
 We also offer our customers the opportunity to participate in our loyalty program, Vivid Seats Rewards, through our Marketplace segment, which allows customers to earn and redeem credits on Owned Properties transactions. We 
 52 

defer revenue associated with these credits, which is recorded as Deferred revenue on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The deferred amount is based on expected future usage, including the frequency with which buyers reach the ten stamp threshold for reward credit conversions and the rate of credit redemptions, and is recognized as revenue when the credits are redeemed. To the extent that actual usage differs from expected usage, or that recent trends require a change in the estimated usage rate of unexpired credits, our revenue will be impacted by the change. 
 Revenue from our Resale business primarily consists of sales of tickets to customers through online secondary ticket marketplaces. We recognize Resale revenue on a gross basis because we act as a principal in these transactions. We recognize Resale revenue when an order is confirmed. 
 Equity-Based Compensation 
 We account for Restricted Stock Units RSUs ), stock options, and profits interest at fair value as of the grant date. We award RSUs to our employees, directors and consultants. We also award stock options to certain employees. The awards are subject to the recipient s continued service through the applicable vesting date. The grant-date fair value of stock options is estimated using an option pricing model. The model requires us to make assumptions and judgments about the variables used in the calculation, the volatility of our common stock, risk-free interest rate, and expected dividends. We estimate the fair value of profits interest using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, which includes assumptions related to volatility, expected term, dividend yield and risk-free interest rate. We account for forfeitures of outstanding, but unvested grants, in the period they occur. Expense related to grants of equity-based awards is recognized as equity-based compensation in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Warrants 
 The estimated fair value of warrant liabilities is determined by using the Black-Scholes model. The model requires us to make assumptions and judgments about the variables used in the calculation related to volatility, expected term, dividend yield and risk-free interest rate. The warrant liabilities are subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 Impairment of Goodwill, Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets, Definite-Lived Intangible Assets, and Other Long-Lived Assets 
 We assess goodwill and our indefinite-lived intangible asset (our trademark) for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that an asset may be impaired. We assess definite-lived intangible assets and other long-lived assets (collectively, long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. 
 Goodwill and Indefinite-lived Intangible Asset (Trademark) 
 We account for acquired businesses using the acquisition method of accounting which requires that the assets acquired, and liabilities assumed be recorded at the date of acquisition at their respective fair values. Our goodwill and our indefinite-lived trademark are held by our Marketplace segment, which contains one reporting unit. 
 Goodwill is not subject to amortization and is reviewed for impairment annually, or earlier whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate an impairment may have occurred. We assess goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level. Goodwill is considered impaired if the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, with an impairment charge recognized for the difference. 
 When reviewing goodwill for impairment, we begin by performing a qualitative assessment, which includes, but is not limited to, reviewing factors such as macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, entity-specific financial performance and other events, including changes in our management. If we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, we then perform a quantitative assessment. Depending upon the results of that assessment, the recorded goodwill may be written down, and impairment expense is recorded in the consolidated statements of operations when the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds the fair value of the reporting unit. 
 53 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, as part of our annual assessment, a qualitative goodwill assessment was performed and we determined it was not more likely than not that the fair value of our reporting unit was less than its carrying value. 
 Similar to goodwill, our indefinite-lived trademark is not amortized, but reviewed for impairment annually, or earlier whenever events or changes in business circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. For the year ended December 31, 2022, as part of our annual assessment, a qualitative assessment was performed resulting in no impairment. The qualitative assessment included the history and longevity of our brand, our reputation, market share, and importance of our brand in buying decisions. 
 Each reporting period, we perform an evaluation of the remaining useful life of our indefinite-lived trademark to determine whether events and circumstances continue to support an indefinite life. We consider the life of our indefinite-lived trademark to be appropriate for the years ended December 31, 2022. 
 Long-lived assets 
 We also periodically review the carrying amount of our long-lived assets to determine whether current events or business circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. We classify our long-lived assets as a single asset group, which consists primarily of definite-lived intangible assets, property and equipment, right-of-use assets, and personal seat licenses. Our definite-lived intangible assets consist of developed technology, customer and supplier relationships, and non-compete agreements. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, management did not identify any events or changes in circumstances which would indicate the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. As such, there were no long-lived asset impairments for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Tax valuation allowance 
 We recognize deferred tax assets for the expected future benefit from certain net operating losses, tax credits, basis differences from investments in operating partnerships and other similar items. To the extent we believe these assets, or a portion of these assets, are not more likely than not to be realized, we record a valuation allowance against the deferred tax asset s value. 
 In determining the realizability of our deferred tax assets, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including historical taxable income or loss amounts, projected future taxable income, anticipated reversals of temporary book/tax differences, tax planning strategies and recent results of operations. This assessment requires us to make judgements that rely heavily on future projections, and assumptions, that are inherently uncertain. In addition, we must make determinations about the relative weighting of certain positive and negative evidence to arrive at a conclusion regarding the need for a valuation allowance. To the extent actual results of operations, or actual taxable income or loss, differs materially from our assumptions, we would need to modify the valuation allowance with a corresponding adjustment to net income or net loss. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of recently adopted accounting pronouncements and issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted. 
 JOBS Act Accounting Election 
 Section 107 of the JOBS Act allows emerging growth companies to take advantage of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards. Under Section 107, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. Any decision to opt out of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards is irrevocable. We have elected to use the extended transition period under the JOBS Act. 
 54 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 Market risk is the potential loss from adverse changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, and market prices. Our primary market risk is interest rate risk associated with our long-term debt. We manage our exposure to this risk through established policies and procedures. Our objective is to mitigate potential income statement, cash flow, and market exposures from changes in interest rates. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our market risk is affected by changes in interest rates. We maintain floating-rate debt that bears interest based on market rates plus an applicable spread. Because our interest rate is tied to market rates, we will be susceptible to fluctuations in interest rates if we do not hedge the interest rate exposure arising from our floating-rate borrowings. A hypothetical 1 increase or decrease in interest rates, assuming rates are above our interest rate floor, would change our interest expense by 3.0 million based on amounts outstanding under the June 2017 First Lien Loan and February 2022 First Lien Loan during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 55 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 57 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 58 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 59 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 
 60 

Consolidated Statements of Equity (Deficit) 
 
 61 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 64 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 66 

56 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Vivid Seats Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Vivid Seats Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), deficit, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Emphasis of Matter 
 As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company consummated a merger on October 18, 2021, which has been accounted for as a reverse recapitalization. The financial statements of the Company represent a continuation of the financial statements of Hoya Intermediate, LLC. 
 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 March 7, 2023 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2021. 
 57 
 
 VIVID SEATS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable net 

Inventory net 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment net 

Right-of-use assets net 

Intangible assets net 

Goodwill 

Other non-current assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and equity (deficit) 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Deferred revenue 

Current maturities of long-term debt 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term debt net 

Long-term lease liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Total long-term liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 17 

Redeemable noncontrolling interests 

Shareholders' deficit 

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized, issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized, issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Treasury stock, at cost, shares at December 31, 2022; shares at December 31, 2021 

() 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Total Shareholders' deficit 

() 

() 

Total liabilities, Redeemable noncontrolling interests, and Shareholders' deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 58 
 
 VIVID SEATS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Revenues 

Costs and expenses: 

Cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately below) 

Marketing and selling 

General and administrative 

Depreciation and amortization 

Impairment charges 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

() 

Income (loss) from operations 

() 

Other (income) expense: 

Interest expense net 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Other (income) expense 

() 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

() 

() 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

() 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

Net loss attributable to Hoya Intermediate, LLC shareholders prior to reverse recapitalization 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests 

() 

Net income (loss) attributable to Class A Common Stockholders 

() 

Income (loss) per Class A Common Stock (1) : 

Basic 

() 

Diluted 

() 

Weighted average Class A Common Stock outstanding (1) : 

Basic 

Diluted 

(1) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 59 
 
 VIVID SEATS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (in thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Unrealized gain on derivative instruments 

Comprehensive income (loss), net of taxes 

() 

() 

Comprehensive loss attributable to Hoya Intermediate, LLC shareholders prior to reverse recapitalization 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests 

() 

Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Class A Common Stockholders 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 60 
 
 VIVID SEATS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 (in thousands, except share/unit data) 

Redeemable senior preferred units 

Redeemable preferred units 

Common units 

Class A Common Shares 
 
 Class B Common Shares 

Treasury Stock 

Units 
 
 Amount 

Units 
 
 Amount 

Redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 
 Units 
 
 Amount 

Shares 
 
 Amount 
 
 Shares 
 
 Amount 

Additional paid-in capital 

Shares 
 
 Amount 

Accumulated deficit 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss 
 
 Total shareholders' equity (deficit) 

Balances at January 1, 2020 

() 
 
 () 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Unrealized gain on derivative instruments 

Loss reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss to earnings 

Deemed contribution from former parent 

Accretion of senior preferred units 

() 

() 

Distributions to former parent 

() 

() 

Balances at December 31, 2020 

() 
 
 () 
 
 () 

Net loss prior to reverse recapitalization 

() 

() 

Loss reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss to earnings prior to reverse recapitalization 

61 
 
 VIVID SEATS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 (in thousands, except share/unit data) 

Deemed contribution from former parent prior to reverse recapitalization 

Accretion of senior preferred units prior to reverse recapitalization 

() 

() 

Reverse recapitalization, net 
 
 () 
 
 () 

() 
 
 () 

() 

Net loss after reverse recapitalization 

() 

() 

() 

Deemed contribution from former parent after reverse recapitalization 

Equity-based compensation after reverse recapitalization 

Change in fair value of warrants 

Issuance of shares related to acquisition 

Dividends paid to Class A Common Shareholders 

() 

() 

Subsequent remeasurement of Redeemable noncontrolling interests 

() 

() 

Balances at December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

62 
 
 VIVID SEATS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (DEFICIT) 
 (in thousands, except share/unit data) 

Net income 

Issuance of shares 

Deemed contribution from former parent 

Equity-based compensation 

Repurchases of common stock 

() 
 
 () 

() 

Distributions to non-controlling interest 

() 

Reclassification of contingent consideration 

Subsequent remeasurement of Redeemable noncontrolling interests 

() 

Increase in common shares outstanding following warrant exchange 

Balances at December 31, 2022 

() 
 
 () 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 63 
 
 VIVID SEATS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income (loss) 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of deferred financing costs and interest rate cap 

Loss on asset disposals 

Equity-based compensation expense 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Interest expense paid-in-kind 

Change in fair value of warrants 

() 

Impairment charges 

Amortization of right-of-use assets 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

() 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

() 

() 

Inventory 

() 

() 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

() 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

() 

Deferred paid-in-kind interest paid on May 2020 First Lien Loan 

() 

Deferred revenue 

Other assets and liabilities 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities 

Cash acquired (paid) in acquisition 

() 

Purchases of property and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Purchases of personal seat licenses 

() 

() 

Investments in developed technology 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from February 2022 First Lien Loan 

Payments of February 2022 First Lien Loan 

() 

Distributions to non-controlling interests 

() 

Repurchase of Common Stock as Treasury Stock 

() 

Cash paid for milestone payments 

() 

Proceeds from PIPE Financing 

Proceeds from the Merger Transaction 

Redemption of Redeemable Senior Preferred Units 

() 

Payments of May 2020 First Lien Loan 

() 

Payments of June 2017 First Lien Loan 

() 

() 

() 

Prepayment penalty on extinguishment of debt 

() 

Payment of reverse recapitalization costs 

() 

Dividends paid to Class A Common Stock Shareholders 

() 

Proceeds from May 2020 First Lien Loan 

Proceeds from Revolving Facility 

Payments of Revolving Facility 

() 

64 
 
 VIVID SEATS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 

Payments of deferred financing costs and other debt-related costs 

() 

() 

Distributions 

() 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Paid-in-kind interest added to May 2020 First Lien Loan principal 

Cash paid for interest 

Acquisition non-cash consideration 

Property and equipment acquired through tenant improvement allowance 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations 

Equity-based compensation expense related to capitalized development costs 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 65 
 
 VIVID SEATS INC. 
 NOTES to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

shares of Class A common stock to former shareholders of Horizon, whereby million in cash and cash equivalents (after the payment of million in transaction costs incurred by Horizon) of Horizon became avail able to VSI. We subsequently paid an additional million in transaction costs incurred by Horizon using the cash and cash equivalents that became available to VSI; 

 Issued shares of Class B common stock and warrants at an exercise price of per share to purchase Class B common stock Class B Warrants ), which are only exercisable upon the exercise of a corresponding Hoya Intermediate Warrant (defined below), to Hoya Topco in exchange for the outstanding shares of Hoya Intermediate; 

 Received million in aggregate consideration from certain investors, including Horizon Sponsor in exchange for shares of Class A common stock, pursuant to a private investment in public equity PIPE Financing ). 

 Used proceeds from Horizon and the PIPE Financing to pay (i) million towards our outstanding debt, (ii) million to facilitate the redemption of preferred units held in Hoya Intermediate, and (iii) million for tr ansaction fees incurred in connection with the Merger Transaction; 

 Issued to Horizon Sponsor (i) warrants to purchase shares of Class A common stock at an exercise price of per share , (ii) warrants to purchase shares of Class A common stock at an exercise of per share (collectively, the Exercise Warrants ), and (iii) shares of Class A common stock; and 

 Issued private warrants to purchase shares of Class A common stock at an exercise price of per share Private Warrants ), and public warrants to purchase shares of Class A 

 common stock at an exercise price of per share Public Warrants ), to former holders of Horizon warrants. 

 In connection with the Merger Transaction, Hoya Intermediate issued to Hoya Topco (i) warrants to purchase shares of common units of Hoya Intermediate Intermediate Units at an exercise price of per share, and (ii) warrants to purchase shares of Intermediate Units at an exercise of per share (collectively, the Hoya Intermediate Warrants ). A portion of the Hoya Intermediate Warrants consisting of warrants to purchase Intermediate Units at exercise prices of and per unit Option Contingent Warrants ), respectively, were issued in tandem with stock options issued by VSI to members of our management team Management Options ). The Option Contingent Warrants only become available to exercise by Hoya Topco in the event that a Management Option is forfeited or goes unexercised. For additional details regarding the issuance of warrants in connection with the Merger Transaction refer to Note 14, Financial Instruments . Following the Merger Transaction, the legacy unit holders of Hoya Intermediate own a controlling interest in VSI through their ownership of Class B common stock in VSI. Immaterial Correction of an Error in Prior Period We identified an immaterial error related to the classification of the payment of previously deferred interest in our Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2021. The payment of million of deferred interest was previously classified as a financing cash outflow included within the Payments of May 2020 First Lien Loan in the Consolidated Statement of Cash flows. We subsequently determined that the 44.1 million should have been classified as an operating cash outflow in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. We therefore conducted an evaluation of the quantitative and qualitative factors outlined in Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 99 and concluded that the impact of the cash flow classification error was not material to the previously issued financial statements. We corrected the deferred interest payment of 44.1 million from an outflow in cash flows from financing activities to an outflow in cash flows from operating activities in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2021. The effect of the error did not impact the Consolidated Statement of Operations, the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Loss), or the Consolidated Statement of Equity (Deficit) for the year ended December 31, 2021. The effect of the error did not impact the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2021. 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Payments of May 2020 First Lien Loan 

() 

() 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

() 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

COVID-19 Update Beginning in the second quarter of 2021, and continuing throughout 2022, we have seen a recovery in ticket orders as mitigation measures ease. While we have experienced recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic, uncertainty remains around the potential for new variants to emerge or case counts to rise. We expect some of our key accounting estimates to continue to evolve depending on the degree of future impacts associated with the COVID-19 pandemic. If economic conditions caused by the pandemic worsen, our financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations may be materially impacted. 

million and million of the Accounts receivable balance at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, consisted of uncollateralized payment processor obligations due under normal trade terms typically requiring payment within three business days. Credit risk with respect to accounts receivable from payment processing entities is limited due to the consolidation of those receivables with large financial institutions and the frequency with which the receivables turn over. million and million of the Accounts receivable balance at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, consisted of amounts due from marketplace ticket sellers for cancelled event tickets. We recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, to reflect potential challenges in collecting funds from marketplace ticket sellers. The allowance for doubtful accounts decreased during 2022 as ticket sellers on the marketplace platform repaid their outstanding balances or uncollectable amounts were written off. Accounts receivable balances are stated net of allowance for doubtful accounts and bad debt expense is presented as a reduction of Revenues in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. million and million of the Accounts receivable balance at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, consisted of amounts due from distribution partners for cancellation charges, primarily related to cancelled events. We recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, to reflect potential challenges in collecting funds from distribution partners, particularly for amounts due upon usage of store credit previously issued to buyers. Accounts receivable balances are stated net of allowance for doubtful accounts and bad debt expense is presented as a reduction of Revenues in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Write-offs were million , million , and less than million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 million , million , and million , respectively, which are presented in Cost of revenues in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 years 

Purchased Software 
 
 years 

Furniture and Fixtures 
 
 years 

Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the term of the lease or the improvements estimated useful lives. 
 
 undiscounted cash flow basis, an impairment is recognized to the extent that the carrying amount exceeds its fair value. The fair value of our definite-lived intangible assets or asset group is determined using both the market approach and income approach, utilizing Level 3 inputs. years 

Supplier relationships 
 
 years 

Developed technology 
 
 - years 

Customer relationships 
 
 - years 

During the second quarter of 2020, we determined a triggering event occurred that required us to evaluate our long-lived assets for impairment. We recorded an impairment charge as a result of those assessments. Refer to Note 6, Impairments , for additional information. 
 year useful life of the applicable software. The amortization is presented in Depreciation and amortization expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis, using tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect on deferred assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period when the change is enacted. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when it is more-likely-than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The realization of the deferred tax assets is dependent on the amount of our future taxable income. We recognize interest and penalties related to underpayment of income taxes in Income tax expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. To date, the interest or penalties incurred related to income taxes have not been material. Tax Receivable Agreement In connection with the Merger Transaction, we entered into a Tax Receivable Agreement with the existing Hoya Intermediate shareholders that will provide for payment to Hoya Intermediate shareholders of of the amount of the tax savings, if any, that we realize (or, under certain circumstances, is deemed to realize) as a result of, or attributable to, (i) increases in the tax basis of assets owned directly or indirectly by Hoya Intermediate or its subsidiaries from, among other things, any redemptions or exchanges of Intermediate Units (ii) existing tax basis (including depreciation and amortization deductions arising from such tax basis) in long-lived assets owned directly or indirectly by Hoya Intermediate and its subsidiaries, and (iii) certain other tax benefits (including deductions in respect of imputed interest) related to Hoya Intermediate making payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 

int erest in Hoya Intermediate, with the remainder held by Hoya Topco. Hoya Topco s interest in Hoya Intermediate represents a redeemable noncontrolling interest. At its discretion, Hoya Topco has the right to exchange its common units in Hoya Intermediate for either shares of Class A common stock of VSI on a basis or cash proceeds of equal value at the time of redemption. Any redemption of Intermediate Units in cash must be funded through a private or public offering of Class A Common Stock and is subject to the approval of the VSI Board of Directors Board ). As of December 31, 2022, equity holders of Hoya Topco hold the majority of the voting rights on the Board. As the redeemable noncontrolling interests are redeemable upon the occurrence of an event that is not solely within our control, we classify our redeemable noncontrolling interests as temporary equity. The redeemable noncontrolling interests were initially measured at Hoya Topco s share in the net assets of Hoya Intermediate upon consummation of the Merger Transaction. Subsequent remeasurements of our redeemable noncontrolling interests are recorded as a deemed dividend each reporting period, which reduces retained earnings, if any, or additional paid-in capital of VSI Remeasurements of our redeemable noncontrolling interests are based on the fair value of our Class A common stock. 
 million, of which million was charged against the gross proceeds of the Merger Transaction and PIPE Financing. 
 
 operating and reportable segments: Marketplace and Resale. 
 Secondary ticket marketplace terms and conditions require sellers to repay amounts received for events that are cancelled or tickets that are invalid or delivered after the promised time. We have determined that this obligation is a stand-ready obligation to provide a return that is not a separate performance obligation, but is an element of variable consideration, which results in a reduction to revenue. We recognize a liability for known and estimated cancellation charges within Accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. We estimate the future customer compensation liability, and corresponding charge against revenue, using the expected value method. To the extent we estimate that a portion of the charge is recoverable from the event host, we record the estimated recovery asset to Prepaid expenses and other current assets. When our Resale business sells a ticket in our own marketplace, the service fee is recorded in Marketplace revenues and the sales price of the ticket is recorded in Resale revenues. Deferred Revenue Deferred revenue consists of fees received related to unsatisfied performance obligations at the end of the period. The majority of the unsatisfied performance obligations are related to our loyalty program, Vivid Seats Rewards. Vivid Seats Rewards allows ticket buyers to earn stamps for each ticket purchased, which convert to credits upon reaching certain thresholds. Buyers can redeem those credits on future transactions. The credits earned in the program represent a material right to the ticket buyer and constitute an additional performance obligation for us. As such, we defer revenue based on expected future usage and recognize the deferred revenue as credits are redeemed. Revenue from sales of contingent events, such as postseason sporting events, is initially recorded as Deferred revenue in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and is recognized when the contingency is resolved. 
 
 million , million , and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively. Advertising costs are presented as part of Marketing and selling expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

transition period available to emerging growth companies and adopted Accounting Standards Codification ASC 842 effective January 1, 2022 on a modified retrospective basis by applying the new standard to all leases existing at the date of initial application. We elected to present the financial statements for all periods prior to January 1, 2022 under the previous lease standard ASC 840 ), as well as elected other options, which allow us to use our previous evaluations regarding if an arrangement contains a lease, if a lease is an operating or financing lease, and what costs are capitalized as initial direct costs prior to adoption. We also elected to combine lease and non-lease components. Upon the adoption of the new lease standard, on January 1, 2022, we recognized right-of-use assets of million and lease liabilities of million (including a current liability of million) in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and reclassified certain balances related to existing leases. The right-of-use assets balance as of January 1, 2022 is adjusted for million of lease termination liabilities and deferred rent liabilities recognized under the previous lease standard. There was no impact to Accumulated deficit on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at adoption. Refer to Note 8, Leases , for more information on leases. 

, we acquired of the equity of Betcha. In August 2022, we rebranded Betcha as Vivid Picks. Vivid Picks is a real money daily fantasy sports app with social and gamification features that enhance fans' connection with their favorite live sports. The acquisition was accounted for as an acquisition of a business in accordance with the acquisition method of accounting. Acquisition costs directly related to the transaction for the year ended December 31, 2022 were not material and are included in General and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The acquisition date fair value of the consideration consisted of million in cash and million shares of our Class A common stock. The total consideration includes cash earnouts of million as of the acquisition date representing the estimated fair value that we may be obligated to pay if Vivid Picks meets certain earnings objectives. In addition, the consideration includes future milestone payments of million as of the acquisition date representing the estimated fair value that we may be obligated to pay upon the achievement of certain integration o bjectives. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the estimated fair value of cash earnouts decreased by million, which is presented in Change in fair value of contingent consideration on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of December 31, 2022, million was recorded in Additional paid-in capital in the Consolidated Balance Sheets related to our first milestone payment. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we made no payments related to cash earnouts and paid milestone payments which consisted of million in shares of our Class A common stock and million in cash. Subsequent to the year ended December 31, 2022 , we paid a milestone payment of million in cash. As of December 31, 2022, we had million recorded in accrued expenses and other current liabilities related to future milestone payments and million in other liabilities related to earnouts. As part of the acquisition, we agreed to pay cash bonuses to certain Vivid Picks employees over three years following the anniversary of the employee start date. The payouts are subject to continued service, and therefore treated as compensation and expensed. Proforma financial information has not been presented as the Vivid Picks acquisition was not considered material to our Consolidated Financial Statements. The consideration was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair value as of the acquisition date. The excess of the purchase price over the net assets acquired was recorded as goodwill. The goodwill recorded is not deductible for tax purposes as the Vivid Picks acquisition was primarily a stock acquisition and is attributable to the assembled workforce as well as the anticipated synergies from the integration of Vivid Picks's technology with our technology. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized adjustments related to the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date. The adjustments primarily consisted of million in definite-lived intangible assets and million i n goodwill. Refer to Note 9, Goodwill and Intangible Assets , for the acquisition adjustment. We have finalized purchase accounting for this acquisition in the fourth quarter of 2022. 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Intangible assets 

Goodwill 

Accounts payable 

() 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

() 

Net assets acquired 

Cash consideration 

Fair value of milestone payments 

Fair value of earnouts 

Total purchase consideration 

years 

Developed technology 

years 

Total acquired intangible assets 

76 
 
 VIVID SEATS INC. 
 NOTES to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Private Label 

() 

Total Marketplace revenues 

During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 Marketplace revenues consisted of the following event categories (in thousands): 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Marketplace revenues: 

Concerts 

Sports 

Theater 

Other 

Total Marketplace revenues 

Within the Resale segment, we sell tickets we hold in inventory on resale ticket marketplaces. Resale revenues were million , million , and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. At December 31, 2022, Deferred revenue in the Consolidated Balance Sheets was million , which primarily relates to Vivid Seats Rewards, our loyalty program. Stamps earned under the program expire in two to , if not converted to credits, and credits expire in two to , if not redeemed. We expect to recognize all outstanding deferred revenue in the . At December 31, 2021, million was recorded as Deferred revenue, of which million was recognized as revenue during year ended December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2020, million was recorded as deferred revenue, of which million was recognized as revenue during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Marketplace 

Resale 

Consolidated 

Revenues 

Cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately below) 

Marketing and selling 

Contribution margin 

General and administrative 

Depreciation and amortization 

Change in fair value of contingent consideration 

() 

Income from operations 

Interest expense net 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Other income 

() 

Income before income taxes 

The following table represents our segment information for the year ended December 31, 2021 (in thousands): 

Marketplace 

Resale 

Consolidated 

Revenues 

Cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately below) 

Marketing and selling 

Contribution margin 

General and administrative 

Depreciation and amortization 

Income from operations 

Interest expense net 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Other expenses 

Loss before income taxes 

() 
 
 The following table represents our segment information for the year ended December 31, 2020 (in thousands): 

Marketplace 

Resale 

Consolidated 

Revenues 

Cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately below) 

Marketing and selling 

Contribution margin 

() 

() 

General and administrative 

Depreciation and amortization 

Impairment charges 

Loss from operations 

() 

Interest expense - net 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Net loss 

() 

Substantially all of our sales occur and assets reside in the United States. 

 During the second quarter of 2020, we identified the COVID-19 pandemic as a triggering event for our long-lived assets, goodwill, indefinite-lived trademark, and definite-lived intangible assets. Due to global social distancing efforts put in place to mitigate the spread of the virus, and compliance with restrictions enacted by various governmental entities, most live events during 2020 were either postponed or cancelled. Consequently, we experienced a significant reduction of revenue during the year ended December 31, 2020. 

Indefinite-lived trademark 

Definite-lived intangible assets 

Property and equipment 

Personal seat licenses 

Total impairment charges 

Long-lived asset impairments We assessed its long-lived assets for potential impairment during the second quarter of 2020. ASC 360, Property, Plant, and Equipment , requires an impairment loss to be recognized for a long-lived asset if the carrying amount of the asset is not recoverable and exceeds its fair value. In accordance with ASC 360, we classify our long-lived assets as a single asset group, which consists primarily of property and equipment, personal seat licenses, and definite-lived intangible assets. For the fair value of the asset group, we compared the expected future undiscounted cash flows associated with the asset group to the long-lived asset group s carrying value and concluded that the carrying value was not recoverable. We then measured the fair value of the asset group using a discounted cash flow model. The significant estimates used in the undiscounted and discounted cash flow models include projected operating cash flows; forecasted capital expenditures and working capital needs; rates of long-term growth; and the discount rate (in the discounted cash flow model). The significant unobservable inputs included forecasted revenues which reflected significant declines in earlier years as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and included estimates regarding when revenue would return to pre-pandemic levels. The significant unobservable inputs also included forecasted costs, capital expenditures, and working capital needs which were informed by actual historical experience and estimates of the timing of when live events would return to pre-pandemic levels. - 

Long-term growth rate 
 
 - 

() 

50 basis point decrease in long-term growth rate 

() 

() 

As a result, we recorded an impairment of million, of which million was related to definite-lived intangible assets. The impairment is presented in Impairment charges in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. No impairment triggering events to our long-lived assets were identified during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Indefinite-lived trademark and goodwill impairments During the second quarter of 2020, we determined that the estimated carrying value of our indefinite-lived trademark was in excess of its fair value. The fair value of the indefinite-lived trademark asset, classified as a Level 3 measurement, was measured using the relief-from-royalty method. This methodology involves estimating reasonable royalty rates for the trademarks, applying the royalty rate to a net sales stream, and utilizing the discounted cash flow method. We utilized a royalty rate, consistent with the rate used in the initial valuation of the trademark. We recorded an impairment charge of million related to the indefinite-lived trademark. The impairment charge is presented in Impairment charges in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. As part of the goodwill impairment assessment performed during the second quarter of 2020, we determined that the carrying value of its Marketplace reporting unit exceeded its estimated fair value, resulting in a goodwill impairment charge of million, which is presented in Impairment charges in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The fair value estimate of our reporting units was based on a blended analysis of the present value of future discounted cash flows and market value approach, using Level 3 inputs. The significant estimates used in the discounted cash flow models are projected operating cash flows; forecasted capital expenditures and working capital needs; weighted average cost of capital; and rates of long-term growth. These estimates considered the recent deterioration in financial performance of the reporting units, as well as the anticipated rate of recovery, and implied risk premiums based on the market prices of our equity and debt as of the assessment date. The significant estimates used in the market multiple valuation approach include identifying business factors; such as size, growth, profitability, risk and return on investment; and assessing comparable revenue and earnings multiples. Following the impairment charge, the carrying value of the Marketplace reporting unit s goodwill was million. In accordance with its annual re-assessment, we assessed its goodwill and indefinite-lived trademark for impairment as of October 31, 2020, determining further impairment had occurred. No triggering events were identified during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Our goodwill and indefinite-lived trademark constitute nonfinancial assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. These nonfinancial assets are classified as Level 3 assets in the fair value hierarchy established under ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement ASC 820 ). 

Furniture 

Leasehold Improvements 

Construction in progress 

Total property and equipment 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Total property and equipment net 

Depreciation expense related to property and equipment was million , million , and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, and is presented in Depreciation and amortization expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. There were impairment charges for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2020, l ong-lived asset impairment charges related to property and equipment of million were recognized, resulting in a full impairment of all property and equipment. The impairment charges are presented in Impairment charges in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred a loss of million on asset disposals related to property and equipment, which are included in General and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

 On January 1, 2022, we adopted ASC 842 using a modified retrospective transition approach that allows for a cumulative-effect adjustment in the period of adoption without revising prior period presentation. Therefore, for reporting periods beginning after December 31, 2021, the financial statements are prepared in accordance with the current lease standard (ASC 842) and we elected to present the financial statements for all periods prior to January 1, 2022 under the previous lease standard (ASC 840). We elected the practical expedient package, which permits us to not reassess whether any expired or existing contracts are or contain leases, the lease classification for any expired or existing leases, and any initial direct costs for any existing leases as of the effective date. We determine if an arrangement is a lease at inception of a contract. Right-of-use ROU assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. ROU assets and lease liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As most of our leases do not provide an implicit interest rate, we use the incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average discount rate applied to the lease liabilities is approximately . Leases with an initial term of or less are not recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and rent expense for these short-term leases is recognized in General and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Short-term lease costs were not material to our Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. We entered into all of our lease contracts as a lessee. We are not acting as a lessor under any of our leasing arrangements. The vast majority of our lease contracts are real estate leases for office space. All of our leases are classified as operating. At December 31, 2022, we had million of ROU assets in Right-of-use assets net, and the corresponding operating lease liabilities of million recorded in Accrued expenses and other current liabilities and million recorded in Long-term lease liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Most leases have one or more options to renew, with renewal terms that can initially extend the lease term for various periods up to . The exercise of renewal options is at our discretion and are included if they are reasonably certain to be exercised. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted average remaining minimum lease term is approximately years. Lease expense for operating leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and is recorded under General and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. We elected not to separate lease and non-lease components. Our leases do not contain any material residual value guarantees or restrictive covenants. In December 2021, we entered into a lease agreement for our new corporate headquarters in Chicago, Illinois. The lease commenced in the first quarter of 2022 when we obtained control of the premises, and runs through December 31, 2033 with a 5-year renewal option. The aggregate lease payments for the initial term are approximately million with rent due until March 2024. The lease agreement provides for a tenant improvement allowance from the landlord in an amount equal to million towards the design and construction on the leased premises. As of December 31, 2022, we incurred leasehold improvement costs of million related to the tenant improvement allowance. This amount is recorded in Property and equipment - net in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. On the commencement date, we recognized the ROU asset and corresponding lease liability of million in Right-of-use assets net and Long-term lease liabilities, respectively, in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Operating and variable lease expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million , million and million, respectively. Cash payments for operating lease liabilities during the year ended December 31, 2022, which are included within the operating activities section in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, were million . 

Operating Leases 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total remaining lease payments 

Less: Imputed interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Future lease payments at December 31, 2021 under ASC 840 were as follows (in thousands): 

Operating Leases 

2022 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

Thereafter 

Total remaining lease payments 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, accumulated amortization related to our developed technology was million and million , respectively. Our goodwill is included in our Marketplace segment. 

Acquisition 

Capitalized development costs 

Amortization 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Acquisition adjustment 

() 

() 

Capitalized development costs 

Disposals 

() 

Amortization 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

We had recorded million of cumulative impairment charges related to our intangible assets and goodwill as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Amortization expense on our definite-lived intangible assets was million , million , and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, and is presented in Depreciation and amortization in the Consolidated Statements of Operatio ns. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred a loss of million on asset disposals related to definite-lived intangible assets, which are included in General and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total 

Prepaid expenses 

Other current assets 

Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Recovery of future customer compensation represents expected recoveries of compensation to be paid to customers for event cancellations or other service issues related to previously recorded sales transactions. Recovery of future customer compensation costs decreased by million due to a reduction in the estimated rate of future cancellations as of December 31, 2022. The provision related to these expected recoveries is included in Accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Accrued taxes 

Accrued customer credits 

Accrued future customer compensation 

Accrued contingencies 

Accrued payroll 

Other current liabilities 

Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Accrued customer credits represent credits issued and outstanding for event cancellations or other service issues related to recorded sales transactions. The accrued amount is reduced by the amount of credits estimated to go unused, or breakage, provided that the credits are not subject to escheatment. We estimate breakage based on historical usage trends and available data on comparable programs, and recognize breakage in proportion to the pattern of redemption for customer credits. Our breakage estimate could be impacted by future activity differing from our estimates, the effects of which could be material. During the year ended December 31, 2022, million of accrued customer credits were redeemed and we recognized million of revenue from breakage. During the year ended December 31, 2021, million of accrued customer credits were redeemed and we recognized million of revenue from breakage. During the year ended December 31, 2020, million of accrued customer credits were redeemed and we recognized million of revenue from breakage. Breakage amounts are net of reductions in associated accounts receivable balances. Accrued future customer compensation represents an estimate of the amount of customer compensation due from cancellation charges in the future. These provisions are based on historic experience, revenue volumes for future events, and management s estimate of the likelihood of future event cancellations and are recognized as a component of Revenues in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The expected recoveries of these obligations are included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. This estimated accrual could be impacted by future activity differing from our estimates, the effects of which co uld be material. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recognized a net increase in revenue of million, million, and a decrease in revenue of million, respectively, from the reversals of previously recorded revenue and changes to accrued future customer compensation related to event cancellations where the performance obligations were satisfied in prior periods. Accrued future customer compensation decreased by million due to a reduction in the estimated rate of future cancellations as of December 31, 2022. Accrued taxes decreased as we have historically accrued contingent sales tax expense in jurisdictions where we expected to remit sales tax payments for sales prior to collecting tax from customers which began in the second half of 2021. During 2022, we finalized the remaining open discussions with jurisdictions regarding the liability for uncollected sales tax and no longer have this contingent liability. Other current liabilities primarily decreased as a result of making sales tax payments for liabilities that were no longer deemed contingent as of December 31, 2021, but were not yet paid at that time. These payments represent the exposure for sales tax prior to the date we began collecting sales tax from customers reduced by abatements received, inclusive of any penalties and interest assessed by the jurisdictions. The remaining historic sales tax liability payments were made during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

February 2022 First Lien Loan 

Total long-term debt, gross 

Less: unamortized debt issuance costs 

() 

() 

Total long-term debt, net of issuance costs 

Less: current portion 

() 

Total long-term debt, net 

June 2017 Term Loans O n June 30, 2017, we entered into a million first lien debt facility, comprised of a million revolving facility and a million term loan (the June 2017 First Lien Loan ), and a second lien credit facility, comprised of a million second lien term loan (the June 2017 Second Lien Loan ). The First Lien Loan was amended to upsize the committed amount by million on July 2, 2018. On , we paid off the June 2017 Second Lien Loan balance. The underlying revolving credit facility, part of the June 2017 First Lien Loan, was subsequently retired on May 22, 2020. On October 18, 2021, we made an early principal payment related to the June 2017 First Lien Loan of million in connection with, and using the proceeds from, the Merger Transaction and PIPE Financing. On February 3, 2022, we repaid million of the outstanding balance of the June 2017 First Lien Loan and refinanced the remaining balance with a new million term loan. The June 2017 First Lien Loan was held by third-party financial institutions and was carried at the outstanding principal balance, less debt issuance costs and any unamortized discount or premium. The fair value was estimated using quoted prices that are directly observable in the marketplace. Therefore, the fair value is estimated on a Level 2 basis. At December 31, 2021, the June 2017 First Lien Loan had a fair value of million as compared to the carrying amount of million. February 2022 First Lien Loan On February 3, 2022, we entered into an amendment which refinanced the remaining June 2017 First Lien Loan with a new million term loan (the February 2022 First Lien Loan with a maturity date of . In connection with the February 2022 First Lien Loan, we also entered into a new revolving credit facility (the Revolving Facility ), which allows for an aggregate principal amount of million and has a maturity date of . At December 31, 2022, we had outstanding borrowings under our Revolving Facility. The terms of the February 2022 First Lien Loan specified a secured overnight financing rate SOFR based floating interest rate and revised the springing financial covenant under the June 2017 First Lien Loan to require compliance with a first lien net leverage ratio when revolver borrowings exceed certain levels. All obligations under the February 2022 First Lien Loan are unconditionally guaranteed by Hoya Intermediate and substantially all of Hoya Intermediate s existing and future direct and indirect wholly owned domestic subsidiaries. It requires quarterly amortization payments of million. The Revolving Facility does not require periodic payments. All obligations under the February 2022 First Lien Loan are secured, subject to permitted liens and other exceptions, by first-priority perfected security interests in substantially all of our assets. The February 2022 First Lien Loan carries an interest rate of SOFR plus . The SOFR rate for the February 2022 First Lien Loan is subject to a floor. The effective interest rate on the February 2022 First Lien Loan was per annum at December 31, 2022. Our February 2022 First Lien Loan is held by third-party financial institutions and is carried at the outstanding principal balance, less debt issuance costs and any unamortized discount or premium. The fair value was estimated using quoted prices that are directly observable in the marketplace. Therefore, the fair value is estimated on a Level 2 basis. At December 31, 2022, the fair value of our February 2022 First Lien Loan approximates the carrying value. We are subject to certain reporting and compliance-related covenants to remain in good standing under the February 2022 First Lien Loan. These covenants, among other things, limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness, and in certain circumstances, create restrictions on the ability to enter into transactions with affiliates; create liens; merge or consolidate; and make certain payments. Non-compliance with these covenants and failure to remedy could result in the acceleration of the loans or foreclosure on the collateral. As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all of our debt covenants related to the February 2022 First Lien Loan. Due to the refinancing of the June 2017 First Lien Loan with the February 2022 First Lien Loan, we incurred a loss of million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which is presented in Loss on extinguishment of debt in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. May 2020 First Lien Loan On May 22, 2020, we entered into a million first lien term loan (the May 2020 First Lien Loan that is pari passu with the June 2017 First Lien Loan. The proceeds from the May 2020 First Lien Loan were used for general corporate purposes and to extinguish and retire t he revolving facility rel ated to the June 2017 First Lien Loan in full. The May 2020 First Lien Loan had required amortization payments. All obligations under the May 2020 First Lien Loan were secured, subject to permitted liens and other exceptions, by first-priority perfected security interests in substantially all of our assets. The interest rate for the May 2020 First Lien Loan was determined using a LIBOR rate plus an applicable margin of per annum, or a base rate plus an applicable margin of per annum. The LIBOR rate was subject to a floor and the base rate was subject to a floor. All obligations under the May 2020 First Lien Loan were secured, subject to permitted liens and other exceptions, by first-priority perfected security interests in substantially all of our assets. For any period ending prior to May 22, 2022, we had the option of submitting paid-in-kind elections, whereby the entire outstanding balance would be charged interest at per annum and interest amounts will be added to the outstanding principal. On and after May 22, 2022 but prior to May 22, 2023, we had the option of submitting paid-in-kind elections with respect to all or some of the outstanding balance, whereby the portion for which such paid-in-kind election was made will be charged interest at a rate equal to the sum of i) per annum and ii) at our election, a LIBOR rate plus an applicable margin of per annum, or a base rate plus an applicable margin of per annum. Under the terms of the May 2020 First Lien Loan, for certain prepayments and repricing transactions that occurred prior to May 22, 2023, we would owe a prepayment penalty of on the first million of prepayments. For prepayments greater than million prior to May 22, 2022, the amount exceeding 91.0 million would be subject to a prepayment penalty equal to the greater of i) and ii) the excess of the discounted measure of principal and interest due upon the second anniversary of the effective date and the outstanding principal at the time of the prepayment. For prepayments greater than 91.0 million on or after May 22, 2022 and prior to May 22, 2023, the amount exceeding million would be subject to a prepayment penalty equal to . Our May 2020 First Lien Loan was not traded and was carried at the outstanding principal balance, less debt issuance costs and any unamortized discount or premium. On October 18, 2021, in connection with, and using the proceeds from the Merger Transaction, we paid off in full the May 2020 First Lien Loan balance. The debt extinguishment resulted in a loss of million, which is presented in Loss on extinguishment of debt in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The loss consists of a million prepayment penalty and the remaining balance of the original issuance discount and issuance costs of million. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

million, million, and million in matching contributions for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, and is included in General and administrative expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, there were discretionary profit-sharing contributions. 

 million on September 30, 2020. The interest rate swaps matured on September 30, 2020. The interest rate swaps had a fixed rate of . The interest rate swaps were purchased to reduce a portion of the exposure to fluctuations in LIBOR interest rates associated with our variable-rate term loan. The objective in using the swaps was to add stability to interest expense and to manage the exposure to interest rate movements. The interest rate swaps are designated as effective cash flow hedges involving the receipt of variable amounts from a counterparty in exchange for us making fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreement without exchange of the underlying notional amount. We performed a regression analysis at inception of the hedging relationship to assess the effectiveness. The design of the regression analysis addresses the effectiveness of the hedging relationship by considering how the hedge instrument performs against the forecasted transaction or hypothetical interest rate swaps over historical months. The changes in the fair value of the hedge instrument and the hedged item over the historical months demonstrated the effectiveness of the hedge relationship as the prospective and retrospective test. On an ongoing basis, we assessed hedge effectiveness prospectively and retrospectively. The hedge continued to be highly effective through its maturity date. The amount recognized in Interest expense net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations was million for the year ended December 31, 2020. Interest Rate Cap On November 26, 2018, we entered into an interest rate cap with an effective date of September 30, 2020. We paid million to enter into the cap. The notional value was million on September 30, 2021. The interest rate cap matured on September 30, 2021. The interest rate cap had a strike rate of . The interest rate cap was purchased to reduce a portion of the exposure to fluctuations in LIBOR interest rates associated with our variable-rate term loan. The objective in using the cap is to add stability to interest expense and to manage the exposure to interest rate movements. Interest rate caps involve the borrower paying the hedge provider an initial one-time fee in exchange for the hedge provider paying the borrower the excess of the floating interest rate payment above a strike rate, in the event that the floating interest rate is greater than the strike rate during the period between the effective date and maturity date. We performed a regression analysis at inception of the hedging relationship to assess the effectiveness. The design of the regression analysis addressed the effectiveness of the hedging relationship by considering how the hedge instrument performs against the forecasted transaction or hypothetical interest rate cap over historical months. Historical changes in the fair value of the hedge instrument and the underlying item demonstrated the effectiveness of the hedging relationship. On an ongoing basis, we assess hedge effectiveness prospectively and retrospectively. The hedge continued to be highly effective through its maturity. The interest rate cap is measured at fair value, which was at December 31, 2020. Effect of Derivative Contracts on Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss AOCL and Earnings Since we designated the financial instruments as effective cash flow hedges that qualify for hedge accounting, net interest payments are recorded in Interest expense net in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), and unrealized gains or losses resulting from adjusting the financial instruments to fair value are recorded as a component of Other comprehensive loss and subsequently reclassified into earnings in the same period during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, we reclassified losses of million and million, respectively, into Interest expense net from AOCL related to the interest rate cap. Cash flows resulting from settlements are presented as a component of cash flows from operating activities within the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.) 

Amount of gain (loss) recognized in AOCL 

Less: Amount of loss reclassified from AOCL to income 

() 

Ending accumulated derivative loss in AOCL 

The following table presents the effects of hedge accounting on AOCL for the year ended December 31, 2020 for interest rate contracts designated as cash flow hedges (in thousands): 

Interest rate swaps 

Interest rate cap 

Total 

Beginning accumulated derivative loss in AOCL 

() 

() 

() 

Amount of gain recognized in AOCL 

Less: Amount of loss reclassified from AOCL to income 

() 

() 

Ending accumulated derivative loss in AOCL 

() 

() 

Warrants We issued the following warrants during the year ended December 31, 2021 in connection with the Merger Transaction: Public Warrants W e issued warrants to purchase shares of Class A common stock at an exercise price of per share to former warrant holders of Horizon, of which shares were issued to Horizon Sponsor. These warrants are traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbol SEATW. On May 26, 2022, we announced the commencement of an offer to the holders of outstanding Public Warrants to receive shares of Class A common stock in exchange for each outstanding Public Warrant (the Offer ). On July 5, 2022, a total of public warrants were tendered for shares of Class A common stock (the Exchange ). Following the Exchange, Public Warrants remained outstanding. During the year ended December 31, 2022, ten Public Warrants were exercised. The exercise of the Public Warrants are accounted for as a transaction within Additional paid-in capital in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding Public Warrants. We may, in our sole discretion, reduce the exercise price of the Public Warrants to induce early exercise, provided that we provide at least five days advance notice. The exercise price and number of Class A common stock shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants may also be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend, recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. In no event are we required to net cash settle the Public Warrants. The Public Warrants became exercisable days following the Merger Transaction and expire at the earliest of following the Merger Transaction, our liquidation, or the date of redemption elected at our option provided that the value of the Class A common stock exceeds per share. There is an effective registration statement and prospectus relating to the shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants. Under certain circumstances, we may elect to redeem the Public Warrants at a redemption price of per Public Warrant at any time during the term of the Public Warrant in which our Class A common stock share trading price has been at least per share for trading days within the trading-day period. If we elect to redeem the Public Warrants, we must notify the Public Warrant holders in advance, who would then have at least 30 days from the date of notification to exercise their respective warrants. If the Public Warrant is not exercised within that 30-day period, it will be redeemed pursuant to this provision. As part of the Merger Transaction, we modified the terms of the Public Warrants. The modification resulted in a transfer of incremental value of million to the holders of the Public Warrants, which we recorded as Other expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations during the year ended December 31, 2021. Private Warrants We issued warrants to purchase shares of our Class A common stock at an exercise price of per share to the Sponsor. The Private Warrants have similar terms to the Public Warrants, except that the Private Warrants are not redeemable by us. As part of the Merger Transaction, we modified the terms of the Private Warrants. The modification did not result in a transfer of incremental value to the warrant holders. As of December 31, 2022, we ha d o utstanding Private Warrants. Exercise Warrants We issued warrants to purchase shares of Class A common stock at an exercise price of per share Exercise Warrants and warrants to purchase of Class A common stock at an exercise of per share Exercise Warrants together with the Exercise Warrants, Exercise Warrants ). The Exercise Warrants have similar terms to the Public Warrants, except that the Exercise Warrants have different exercise prices, an initial term of , are not redeemable by us, and are fully transferable. As of December 31, 2022, we had Exercise Warrants outstanding and Exercise Warrants outstanding. Mirror Warrants Hoya Intermediate issued warrants to VSI to purchase Intermediate Units at an exercise price of per unit Mirror Warrants ), warrants to purchase Intermediate Units at an exercise of per unit Mirror Warrants ), warrants to purchase Intermediate Units at an exercise price of per unit Mirror Warrants together with the Mirror Warrants and Mirror Warrants, Mirror Warrants ). The number and terms of the Mirror Warrants are identical to the Public, Private and Exercise Warrants, respectively. Upon the valid exercise of a Public Warrant, Private Warrant and Exercise Warrant, Hoya Intermediate will issue to VSI an equivalent number of Intermediate Units. Similarly, if a Public, Private or Exercise Warrant is tendered, an equivalent number of Mirror Warrants will be tendered. In connection with the Exchange, we tendered Mirror Warrants and received Intermediate Units. As of December 31, 2022, we had Mirror Warrants outstanding, Mirror Warrants outstanding and Mirror Warrants outstanding. As the Public Warrants, Private Warrants and Exercise Warrants are indexed to our equity and meet the equity classification guidance of ASC 815-40, we reflect these warrants as a component of equity within additional paid-in capital. Our Mirror Warrants eliminate in consolidation and do not impact the presentation of our consolidated financial statements. Hoya Intermediate Warrants Hoya Intermediate issued the Hoya Intermediate Warrants, which are classified as Other Liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Hoya Intermediate Warrants to purchase Intermediate Units at exercise prices of and per unit, respectively Option Contingent Warrants ), were issued in tandem with stock options we issued to members of our management team Management Options ). The Option Contingent Warrants only become exercisable by Hoya Topco if a Management Option is forfeited or expires unexercised. As of December 31, 2022 , million of the corresponding Management Options had been forfeited. Hoya Intermediate Warrants allow for cash redemption at the option of the warrant holder. Hence, the Hoya Intermediate Warrants are classified as a liability in Other liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Upon consummation of the Merger Transaction, we recorded a warrant liability of million reflecting the fair value of the Hoya Intermediate Warrants determined using the Black Scholes model. The fair value of the Hoya Intermediate Warrants includes Option Contingent Warrants of million. The estimated fair value of the Option Contingent Warrants is adjusted to reflect the probability of forfeiture of the Management Options based on historical forfeiture rates for Hoya Topco profit interests. 

Expected term (years) 

Risk-free rate 

Expected dividend yield 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the fair value of the Hoya Intermediate Warrants and Option Contingent Warrants decreased by million, which is presented in Other income on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. For the period fro m October 18, 2021 until December 31, 2021, we recognized a charge to Other expenses on the Consolidated Statements of Operations resulting from an increase in the fair value of the Hoya Intermediate Warrants and Option Contingent Warrants of million. Upon the valid exercise of a Hoya Intermediate Warrant for Intermediate Units, VSI will issue an equivalent amount of VSI Class B common shares to Hoya Topco. Other financial instruments, including accounts receivable and accounts payable, are carried at cost, which approximates their fair value because of the short-term nature of these instruments. 

 of the Class B common stock in VSI and o wned of the Intermediate Units. Hoya Topco has the right to exchange its Intermediate Units for shares of VSI Class A common stock on a basis or cash proceeds of equal value at the time of redemption. The option to redeem Intermediate Units for cash proceeds must be approved by the Board of VSI, which as of December 31, 2022, is controlled by investors in Hoya Topco. The ability to put Intermediate Units is solely within the control of the holder of the redeemable noncontrolling interests. If Hoya Topco elects the redemption to be settled in cash, the cash used to settle the redemption must be funded through a private or public offering of Class A common stock and subject to our Board's approval. Net income (loss) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests is calculated by multiplying Hoya Intermediate's net income (loss) incurred in the period by Hoya Topco's weighted average percentage allocation of Intermediate Units during the period. Refer to Note 21, Earnings per Share , for computation of net income (loss) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests. 

 units of Redeemable Senior Preferred Units, units of Redeemable Preferred Units and common units. In connection with the Merger Transaction, the Senior Preferred Units and the Preferred Units were redeemed and longer remain outstanding. As of December 31, 2022, Intermediate Units are outstanding. VSI holds of the outstanding Intermediate Units as of December 31, 2022, with the remainder held by Hoya Topco. VSI Class A Common Stock Holders of Class A common stock are entitled to full economic rights in VSI, including the right to receive dividends when and if declared by our Board, subject to any statutory or contractual restrictions on the payment of dividends and to any restrictions on the payment of dividends imposed by the terms of any outstanding preferred stock. Each holder of Class A common stock is entitled to vote for each share of Class A common stock held. VSI Class B Common Stock Holders of Class B common stock do not have economic rights in VSI but are entitled to one vote for each share of Class B common stock held. Holders of Class B common stock receive one Intermediate Unit for each Class B share (see Note 15, Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest). Holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock vote as a single class on all matters requiring a shareholder vote. Following the Merger Transaction, the quantity of Class A common stock and Class B common stock outstanding net of treasury stock is equal to the quantity of Intermediate Units outstanding. 

 million payable in the next twelve months and million payable thereafter. Litigation From time to time, we are involved in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business, none of which, in the opinion of management, could have a material effect on our business, financial position or results of operations other than those matters discussed herein. We are a co-defendant in a class action lawsuit in Canada alleging a failure to disclose service fees prior to checkout, which we have settled. On January 5, 2022, we issued coupons to certain members of the class. Other members were notified in 2022 that they are eligible to submit a claim for a coupon, which they will receive in 2023. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, a liability of million was recorded in Accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets related to expected claim submissions and credit redemptions as of the measurement date. We received multiple class action lawsuits related to customer compensation for cancellations, primarily as a result of COVID-19 restrictions. A final order approving settlement of one of the lawsuits was entered by the court on . As such, after insurance, million was funded to a claims settlement pool in 2021 and fully disbursed in 2022. A settlement was reached in another of the lawsuits in July 2022 which established a separate claims settlement pool of up to million. That settlement received final approval from the court on January 31, 2023 and the settlement pool will be funded in 2023. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had accrued a liability of million and million, respectively, within Accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets related to these matters. We expect to recover some of these costs under our insurance policies and have separately recognized an insurance recovery asset of million within Prepaid expenses and other current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Other In 2018, the U.S. Supreme Court issued its decision in South Dakota v. Wayfair Inc., which overturned previous case law that had precluded states from imposing sales tax collection requirements on retailers without a physical presence in the state. In response, most states have already adopted laws that attempt to impose tax collection obligations on out-of-state companies, and we have registered and are collecting tax, where required by statute. However, states or local governments may continue to adopt laws requiring that we calculate, collect, and remit taxes on sales in their jurisdictions. A successful assertion by one or more jurisdictions could result in tax liabilities, including taxes on past sales, as well as penalties and interest. Based on our analysis of certain state regulations, specifically related to marketplace facilitators and ticket sales, we do not believe risk of loss is probable on historical revenue activities where tax has not already been remitted. We continuously monitor state regulations and will implement required collection and remittance procedures if and when we are subject to such regulations. Share Repurchase Program On May 25, 2022, our board of directors authorized a share repurchase program of our Class A Common Stock of up to million Repurchase Program ). The Repurchase Program was announced on May 26, 2022 and will be effective until March 31, 2023. We may repurchase shares from time to time in open market transactions, through privately negotiated transactions or otherwise in accordance with applicable federal securities laws. The amount and timing of repurchases will depend upon market conditions and other factors including price. The Repurchase Program does not obligate us to acquire any particular amount of stock, and it may be terminated, modified, or suspended at any time at our discretion. The Repurchase Program commenced on July 5, 2022 upon the completion of the Exchange of our Public Warrants. As of December 31, 2022, we have repurchased million shares of our Class A Common Stock for million under the Repurchase Program. The share repurchases are accounted for as Treasury stock in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

 need. We have the right to elect the Board of Directors of Vivid Cheers, which currently comprises our executives. We do not have a controlling financial interest in Vivid Cheers, and accordingly, do not consolidate Vivid Cheers statement of activities with its financial results. We made charitable contributions of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively to Vivid Cheers. We had accrued charitable contributions payable as of December 31, 2022 and had million of accrued charitable contributions payable as of December 31, 2021, which is included in Accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Viral Nation Inc. Viral Nation Inc. Viral Nation is a marketing agency that creates viral and social media influencer campaigns and provides advertising, marketing, and technology services. Todd Boehly, a member of our Board, is the co-founder, Chairman and CEO of Eldridge Industries, which owns in excess of 25 of Viral Nation. We incurred an expense of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is presented in Marketing and selling expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Rolling Stone Rolling Stone is a high-profile magazine and media platform that focuses on music, film, TV, and news coverages. Todd Boehly, a member of our Board, is the co-founder, Chairman and CEO of Eldridge Industries, which owns in excess of 20 of Rolling Stone. We incurred an expense of million and million as part of our multifaceted partnership with Rolling Stone for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is presented in Marketing and selling expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Khoros, LLC Khoros, LLC Khoros is a social media engagement and management platform. Martin Taylor, a member of our Board, is a principal at Vista Equity Partners, which is one of our investors and a majority owner of Khoros. We incurred an expense of million and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is presented in General and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

() 

() 

Foreign 

() 

() 

Total (loss) income before income taxes 

() 

() 

Prior to 2021, we did not incur material amounts of income tax expense or have material income tax liability or deferred tax balances. 

State Local 

Foreign 

Total current income tax expense (benefit) 

Deferred 

U.S. Federal 

State Local 

Foreign 

() 

Total deferred income tax expense (benefit) 

() 

Total income tax expense (benefit) 

() 

for 2022 and 2021 to our income tax (expense) benefit was as follows: 

2022 

2021 

At U.S. statutory tax rate 

State income taxes 

() 

Foreign rate differential 

Pass-through loss / (income) 

() 

Noncontrolling interest 

() 

() 

Change in valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Deferred tax partnership adjustment 

Warrants remeasurement 

() 

Research Development Credit 

() 

Other 

Total income tax expense (benefit) 

() 

() 

Interest carryforwards 

Investment in partnerships 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax assets net of valuation allowance 

Deferred Tax Liabilities 

Other 

Total Deferred Tax Liabilities 

Net Deferred Tax Assets / (Liabilities) 

We recognize deferred tax assets to the extent we believe these assets are more likely than not to be realized. Valuation allowances have been established primarily with regard to the tax benefits of certain net operating losses, tax credits, as well as its investment in partnership. In making such a determination, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies and recent results of operations. After considering all those factors, we recorded a million valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets, as we have determined these assets are not more likely than not to be realized as of December 31, 2022. Excluded from the deferred tax asset for investment in partnerships above is a portion of the income tax basis in the partnership investment which will only reverse upon sale as a capital loss. As the Company does not expect to have sufficient sources of future capital gains to offset this future capital loss, the Company has not recorded a deferred tax asset for this portion of the basis difference in the investment in the partnership. 

Other (1) 

() 

Charged to costs and expenses 

() 

(Credited) charged to other accounts 

() 

Deductions 

Ending balance 

As of December 31, 2022, we determined that there is sufficient positive evidence to conclude that it is more likely than not that our Canadian deferred taxes of million are realizable. We therefore reduced the valuation allowance accordingly. We expect to continue maintaining a full valuation allowance on our U.S. net deferred tax asset until there is sufficient positive evidence to support the reversal of a portion of this allowance. However, given our current earnings and anticipated future earnings, we believe that there is a reasonable possibility that within the next 3-6 months, sufficient positive evidence may become available to allow us to reach a conclusion that a significant portion or the entirety of the valuation allowance will no longer be necessary to be recorded against our U.S. net deferred tax assets. Release of the valuation allowance would result in the recognition of previously unrecognized deferred tax assets and an income tax benefit in the period in which the release of the valuation allowance is recorded. However, the exact timing and amount of the valuation allowance release are subject to change on the basis of the level of positive evidence becoming available. At December 31, 2022, we had U.S. state operating loss carryforwards totaling million, U.S. federal operating loss carryforwards totaling million. The U.S. federal and state operating loss carryforwards begin to expire in with million of the operating loss carryforwards having no expiration date. At December 31, 2022, with respect to our operations outside the U.S., we had foreign operating loss carryforwards totaling million. The foreign operating loss carryforwards begin to ex pire in . At December 31, 2022, we were not indefinitely reinvested on undistributed earnings from our foreign operations and the deferred tax liability associated with the future repatriation of these earnings is expected to be immaterial. ASC 740, Income Taxes, prescribes a recognition threshold of more-likely-than not to be sustained upon examination as it relates to the accounting for uncertainty in income tax benefits recognized in an enterprise s financial statements. 

Tax positions taken in the prior year 

Balance at end of the year 

We classified interest and penalties associated with income taxes in income tax expense (benefit) within the consolidated statements of operations. We did not recognize any interest and penalties during 2022. There was no liability recognized related to interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022. The total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate is million as of December 31, 2022. We are subject to routine audits by taxing jurisdictions. The periods subject to tax audits are 2018 through 2022. There are currently no audits for any tax periods in progress. 

Granted 

Forfeited 

() 

Vested 

() 

Unvested at December 31, 2022 

Stock options On October 19, 2021, we granted million stock options at an exercise price of and million stock options at an exercise price of to certain employees. The fair value of stock options granted during 2021 is estimated on the grant date using the Hull-White model. On March 11 ,2022, we gr anted millio n stock options at an exercise price of and grant fair value of per option, and on November 11, 2022, we granted million stock options at an exercise price of and grant fair value of , to certain employees. The fair value of stock options granted during 2022 is estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes model. Stock options provide for the purchase of shares of our Class A common stock in the future at an exercise price set on the grant date. These stock options vest over , with one-third vesting upon the one-year anniversary of the grant date and the remaining portion vesting on a quarterly basis thereafter. The stock options have a contractual term of from the date of the grant, subject to the employee s continued service through the applicable vesting date. 

November 11, 2022 

March 11, 2022 

October 19, 2021 

Estimated volatility 

Expected term (years) 

Risk-free rate 

Expected dividend yield 

Granted 

Forfeited 

() 

Expired 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Vested and exercisable at December 31, 2022 

No options were vested and exercisable as of December 31, 2021. The weighted-average grant-date fair value per stock options outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. The weighted-average grant-date fair value for stock options forfeited was during the year ended December 31, 2022. The weighted-average grant-date fair value for stock options vested was during the year ended December 31, 2022. During 2022, the total fair value of options vested was million. Profits interest and Phantom Units Prior to the Merger Transaction, certain members of management received equity-based compensation awards for profits interest in Hoya Topco in the form of Incentive Units, Phantom Units, Class D Units, and Class E Units. Each incentive unit vests ratably over five years and accelerates upon a change in control of Hoya Topco. We do not expect any future profits interest to be granted after the Merger Transaction. The fair value of the incentive units granted is estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The Black-Scholes option-pricing model requires certain subjective inputs and assumptions, including the fair value Hoya Topco's equity, the expected term, risk-free interest rates, and expected equity volatility. The fair value of incentive units is recognized as equity-based compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. We account for forfeitures as they occur. Changes in assumptions made on expected term, the risk-free rate of interest, and expected volatility can materially impact the estimate of fair value and ultimately how much share-based compensation expense is recognized. The expected term is estimated based on the timing and probabilities until a major liquidity event. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant and corresponds to the expected term. The expected volatility is estimated on the date of grant based on the average historical stock price volatility of comparable publicly-traded companies. 

Units granted 

Units repurchased 

() 

Units forfeited 

() 

() 

Balances at December 31, 2020 

Units granted 

Units repurchased 

Units forfeited 

() 

() 

Balances at December 31, 2021 

Units granted 

Units repurchased 

Units forfeited 

() 

() 

Balances at December 31, 2022 

Compensation expense For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, equity-based compensation expense related to RSUs was million, million and , respectively. Unrecognized compensation expense relating to unvested RSUs as of December 31, 2022, was approximately million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately . For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, equity-based compensation expense related to stock options was million, million and , respectively. Unrecognized compensation expense relating to unvested stock options as of December 31, 2022, was approximately million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately . For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, equity-based compensation expense related to profit interests was million, million and million, respectively. Unrecognized compensation expense as of December 31, 2022 related to these incentive units was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately . For the year ended December 31, 2022, equity-based compensation expense excludes million related to capitalized development costs. 

 per share to holders of Class A common stock on October 18, 2021, which we paid on . On November 2, 2021, the exercise price of outstanding options was modified and reduced by the same per share. The amount recognized in the compensation expense relating to stock option modifications for the year ended December 31, 2021 is immaterial. 
 participating security for basic and diluted income (loss) per share. As such, basic and diluted income (loss) per share of Class B common stock has not been presented. However, holders of Class B common stock are allocated income in Hoya Intermediate (our operating entity) according to their weighted average percentage ownership of Intermediate Units during each quarter. Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests is calculated by multiplying Hoya Intermediate's net income (loss) incurred in each quarterly period by Hoya Topco's weighted average percentage ownership of Intermediate Units during the period. 

() 

Hoya Topco s weighted average allocation of Hoya Intermediate's net income (loss) 

Net income (loss) attributable to Hoya Topco's redeemable noncontrolling interests 

() 

Net income (loss) to Class A common stock basic is calculated by subtracting the portion of Hoya Intermediate's net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests from our total net loss, which includes our net loss for activities outside of our investment in Hoya Intermediate as well as the full results of Hoya Intermediate on a consolidated basis. Net income (loss) per Class A common stock diluted is based on the average number of shares of Class A common stock used for the basic earnings per share calculation, adjusted for the weighted-average number of common share equivalents outstanding for the period determined using the treasury stock method and if-converted method, as applicable. Net income (loss) attributable to Class A common stockholders diluted is adjusted for our share of Hoya Intermediate s consolidated net loss after giving effect to Intermediate Units that convert into potential shares of Class A common stock, to the extent it is dilutive. In addition, Net income (loss) attributable to Class A common stockholders diluted is adjusted for the impact of changes in the fair value of Hoya Intermediate Warrants, to the extent they are dilutive. 

2022 
 
 2021 

Numerator basic: 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Less: (Income) loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests 

() 

Net income (loss) attributable to Class A Common Stockholders basic 

() 

Denominator basic: 

Weighted average Class A common stock outstanding basic 

Net income (loss) per Class A common stock basic 

() 

Numerator diluted: 

Net income (loss) attributable to Class A Common Stockholders basic 

() 

Net income (loss) effect of dilutive securities: 

Effect of dilutive Exercise Warrants 

Effect of dilutive RSUs 

Effect of dilutive noncontrolling interests 

Effect of dilutive Hoya Intermediate Warrants 

() 

Net income (loss) attributable to Class A Common Stockholders diluted 

() 

Denominator diluted: 

Weighted average Class A common stock outstanding basic 

Weighted average effect of dilutive securities: 

Effect of dilutive Exercise Warrants 

Effect of dilutive RSUs 

Effect of dilutive noncontrolling interests 

Weighted average Class A common stock outstanding diluted 

Net income (loss) per Class A common stock diluted 

() 

Potential shares of common stock are excluded from the computation of diluted net income per share if their effect would have been anti-dilutive for the period presented or if the issuance of shares is contingent upon events that did not occur by the end of the period. 

Stock options 

Public Warrants and Private Warrants 

Exercise Warrants 

Hoya Intermediate Warrants 

Shares of Class B common stock 

We analyzed the calculation of income (loss) per share for periods prior to the Merger Transaction and determined that it resulted in values that would not be meaningful to the users of the consolidated financial statements. Therefore, income (loss) per share information has not been presented for periods prior to the Merger Transaction. 

 100 

Item 9. Changes in Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclos ure 
 None. 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on such evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at reasonable assurance levels as of December 31, 2022 due to the reasons described below. 
 Material Weakness 
 In connection with the audit of our consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting related to the implementation of segregation of duties as part of our control activities, establishment of clearly defined roles within our finance and accounting functions and the number of personnel in our finance and accounting functions with an appropriate level of technical accounting and SEC reporting experience, which in the aggregate, constitute a material weakness. 
 Remediation Activities 
 As part of our plan to remediate this material weakness, we are performing a full review of our internal control procedures. We have implemented, and plan to continue to implement, new controls and new processes. We have hired and plan to continue to hire additional qualified personnel and establish more robust processes to support our internal control over financial reporting, including clearly defined roles and responsibilities and appropriate segregation of duties. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we made progress in our remediation of the material weakness. While progress has been made to enhance our internal control, additional time is required to complete implementation and to assess and ensure the sustainability of these controls. The material weakness will not be considered remediated until the applicable controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively. 
 Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include a report of management s assessment regarding our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) or an attestation report of our independent registered accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly public companies. Additionally, our independent registered accounting firm will not be required to opine on 
 101 

the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 until we are no longer an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 None. 
 PART III 
 ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Information about our directors and executive officers is reported in Part I of this Form 10-K under the heading, Item 1. Business . 
 All other information required by this item will be included in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 ITEM 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this item will be included in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners And Management And Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this item will be included in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this item will be included in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 ITEM 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by this item will be included in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a)(1) Financial Statements. 
 The financial statements required by this item are listed in Item 8. 
 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules. 
 All financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable, not required or the information required is shown in the financial statements or the notes thereto. 
 (a)(3) Exhibits. 
 102 

The following is a list of exhibits filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Exhibits 

Incorporated by Reference 

Exhibit Number 
 Description 
 Form 
 Exhibit 
 Filing Date 
 Filed / Furnished Herewith 

2.1 
 Transaction Agreement dated April 21, 2021 among Horizon Acquisition Corporation, Horizon Sponsor, LLC, Hoya Topco, LLC, Hoya Intermediate, LLC and Vivid Seats Inc. 
 S-4 
 2.1 
 05/28/2021 

2.2 
 Purchase, Sale and Redemption Agreement dated April 21, 2021 among Hoya Topco, LLC, Hoya Intermediate, LLC, Vivid Seats Inc., Crescent Mezzanine Partners VIB, L.P., Crescent Mezzanine Partners VIC, L.P., NPS/Crescent Strategic Partnership II, LP, CM7C VS Equity Holdings, LP, Crescent Mezzanine Partners VIIB, L.P., CM6B Vivid Equity, Inc., CM6C Vivid Equity, Inc., CM7C VS Equity, LLC, CM7B VS Equity, LLC, Crescent Mezzanine Partners VI, L.P., Crescent Mezzanine Partners VII, L.P., Crescent Mezzanine Partners VII (LTL), L.P., CBDC Universal Equity, Inc., Crescent Capital Group, LP and Horizon Acquisition Corporation 
 S-4 
 2.2 
 05/28/2021 

2.3 
 Plan of Merger dated October 18, 2021 among Horizon Acquisition Corporation, Horizon Sponsor, LLC, Hoya Topco, LLC, Hoya Intermediate, LLC and Vivid Seats Inc. 
 10-Q 
 2.3 
 11/15/2021 

3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 8-K 
 3.1 
 10/22/2021 

3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws. 
 8-K 
 3.2 
 10/22/2021 

4.1 
 Amended and Restated Warrant Agreement dated October 14, 2021 between Horizon Acquisition Corporation and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company 
 8-K 
 10.7 
 10/22/2021 

4.2 
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate of Vivid Seats Inc. 
 10-K 
 4.2 
 3/15/2022 

4.3 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate of Vivid Seats Inc. 
 10-K 
 4.3 
 3/15/2022 

4.4 
 Description of Capital Stock 
 10-K 
 4.4 
 3/15/2022 

10.1 
 Stockholders Agreement dated October 18, 2021 among Vivid Seats 
 8-K 
 10.1 
 10/22/2021 

103 

Inc., Hoya Topco, LLC and Horizon Sponsor, LLC 

10.2 
 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement dated October 18, 2021 among Vivid Seats Inc., Hoya Topco, LLC and Horizon Sponsor, LLC 
 8-K 
 10.2 
 10/22/2021 

10.3 
 Tax Receivable Agreement dated October 18, 2021 among Vivid Seats Inc., Hoya Intermediate, LLC, GTCR Management XI, LLC, Hoya Topco, LLC and several Blocker TRA Holders 
 8-K 
 10.3 
 10/22/2021 

10.4 
 Private Warrant Agreement dated October 18, 2021 between Vivid Seats Inc. and Hoya Topco, LLC 
 8-K 
 10.6 
 10/22/2021 

10.5 
 Amended and Restated Warrant Agreement dated October 14, 2021 between Hoya Acquisition Corporation and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company 
 8-K 
 10.7 
 10/22/2021 

10.6 
 Private Warrant Agreement dated October 15, 2021 between Hoya Acquisition Corporation and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company 
 8-K 
 10.8 
 10/22/2021 

10.7 
 Private Warrant Agreement dated October 15, 2021 between Horizon Acquisition Corporation and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company 
 8-K 
 10.9 
 10/22/2021 

10.8 
 Private Warrant Agreement 10.00 exercise price) dated October 18, 2021 between Hoya Intermediate, LLC and Hoya Topco, LLC 
 8-K 
 10.10 
 10/22/2021 

10.9 
 Private Warrant Agreement 15.00 exercise price) dated October 18, 2021 between Hoya Intermediate, LLC and Hoya Topco, LLC 
 8-K 
 10.11 
 10/22/2021 

10.10 
 Form of Subscription Agreement 
 S-4/A 
 10.4 
 10/22/2021 

10.11# 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement 
 8-K 
 10.5 
 10/22/2021 

10.12# 
 2021 Incentive Award Plan 
 S-8 
 99.1 
 10/18/2021 

10.13# 
 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 S-8 
 99.2 
 10/18/2021 

10.14# 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement 
 S-8 
 99.3 
 10/18/2021 

10.15# 
 Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Unit Agreement 
 S-8 
 99.4 
 10/18/2021 

10.16# 
 Form of Stock Option Grant Notice and Stock Option Agreement 
 S-8 
 99.5 
 10/18/2021 

10.17# 
 Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy, as amended 
 10-Q 
 10.1 
 08/09/2022 

104 

10.18# 
 Employment Agreement dated August 9, 2021, among Stanley Chia, Vivid Seats Inc. and Vivid Seats, LLC 
 S-4/A 
 10.14 
 08/16/2021 

10.19# 
 Employment and Restrictive Covenants Agreement, dated April 1, 2020, between Lawrence Fey and Vivid Seats LLC 
 S-4/A 
 10.19 
 08/16/2021 

10.20# 
 Employment Agreement dated August 9, 2021, among Lawrence Fey, Vivid Seats Inc. and Vivid Seats, LLC 
 S-4/A 
 10.18 
 08/16/2021 

10.21# 
 Employment and Restrictive Covenants Agreement, dated December 12, 2018, between Jon Wagner and Vivid Seats LLC 
 S-4/A 
 10.24 
 08/16/2021 

10.22# 
 Employment Agreement dated August 9, 2021, among Jon Wagner, Vivid Seats Inc. and Vivid Seats, LLC 
 S-4/A 
 10.23 
 08/16/2021 

10.23# 
 Class E Securities Agreement, dated November 5, 2018, between Stanley Chia and Hoya Topco, LLC 
 S-4/A 
 10.15 
 08/16/2021 

10.24# 
 Class B Securities Agreement, dated September 1, 2020, between Stanley Chia and Hoya Topco, LLC 
 S-4/A 
 10.16 
 08/16/2021 

10.25# 
 First Amendment to Class E Securities Agreement, dated November 5, 2018, between Stanley Chia and Hoya Topco, LLC, and Class B Securities Agreement, dated September 1, 2020, between Stanley Chia and Hoya Topco, LLC 
 S-4/A 
 10.17 
 08/16/2021 

10.26# 
 Class D Securities Agreement, dated September 1, 2020, between Lawrence Fey and Hoya Topco, LLC 
 S-4/A 
 10.20 
 08/16/2021 

10.27# 
 Class B Securities Agreement, dated September 1, 2020, between Lawrence Fey and Hoya Topco, LLC 
 S-4/A 
 10.21 
 08/16/2021 

10.28# 
 First Amendment to Class D Securities Agreement, dated September 1, 2020, between Lawrence Fey and Hoya Topco, LLC, and Class B Securities Agreement, dated September 1, 2020, between Lawrence Fey and Hoya Topco, LLC 
 S-4/A 
 10.22 
 08/16/2021 

10.29# 
 Class D Securities Agreement, dated December 17, 2018, between Jon Wagner and Hoya Topco, LLC 
 S-4/A 
 10.25 
 08/16/2021 

10.30# 
 Class B Securities Agreement, dated September 1, 2020, between Jon Wagner and Hoya Topco, LLC 
 S-4/A 
 10.26 
 08/16/2021 

10.31# 
 Class D Securities Agreement, dated September 1, 2020, between Jon Wagner and Hoya Topco, LLC 
 S-4/A 
 10.27 
 08/16/2021 

105 

10.32 
 Lease dated December 21, 2021 between Vivid Seats, LLC and BSREP II SS Chicago LLC 
 8-K 
 10.1 
 12/22/2021 

10.33 
 First Lien Credit Agreement, dated June 30, 2017, among Hoya Midco, LLC, Hoya Intermediate, LLC, Barclays Bank PLC, RBC Capital Markets, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. and Jefferies Finance LLC 
 S-4/A 
 10.7 
 07/07/2021 

10.34 
 Amendment No. 1, dated March 28, 2018, to First Lien Credit Agreement, dated June 30, 2017, among Hoya Midco, LLC, Hoya Intermediate, LLC, Barclays Bank PLC, RBC Capital Markets, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. and Jefferies Finance LLC 
 S-4/A 
 10.8 
 07/07/2021 

10.35 
 Amendment No. 2, dated July 2, 2018, to First Lien Credit Agreement, dated June 30, 2017, among Hoya Midco, LLC, Hoya Intermediate, LLC, Barclays Bank PLC, RBC Capital Markets, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. and Jefferies Finance LLC 
 S-4/A 
 10.9 
 07/07/2021 

10.36 
 Amendment No. 3, dated May 22, 2020, to First Lien Credit Agreement, dated June 30, 2017, among Hoya Midco, LLC, Hoya Intermediate, LLC, Barclays Bank PLC, RBC Capital Markets, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. and Jefferies Finance LLC 
 S-4/A 
 10.10 
 07/07/2021 

10.37 
 Amendment No. 4, dated February 3, 2022, to First Lien Credit Agreement, dated June 30, 2017, among Hoya Midco, LLC, Hoya Intermediate, LLC, Barclays Bank PLC, RBC Capital Markets, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. and Jefferies Finance LLC 
 8-K 
 10.1 
 02/07/2022 

10.38 
 Hoya Intermediate, LLC Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement 

21.1 
 Subsidiaries 

23.1 
 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP 

31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a). 

31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a). 

106 

32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

32.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 # Indicates management contract or compensatory plan 
 Certain of the exhibits and schedules to this Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5). The Company agrees to provide a copy of all omitted exhibits and schedules to the SEC upon its request. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 

107 

Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

VIVID SEATS INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Stanley Chia 

Stanley Chia 

Chief Executive Officer 

(principal executive officer) 

Date: 
 March 7, 2023 

Power of Attorney 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 Title 
 Date 

/s/ Stanley Chia 
 Chief Executive and Director 
 March 7, 2023 

Stanley Chia 
 (principal executive officer) 

/s/ Lawrence Fey 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 March 7, 2023 

Lawrence Fey 
 (principal financial officer) 

/s/ Edward Pickus 
 Chief Accounting Officer 
 March 7, 2023 

Edward Pickus 
 (principal accounting officer) 

/s/ Mark Anderson 
 Director 
 March 7, 2023 

Mark Anderson 

/s/ Todd Boehly 
 Director 
 March 7, 2023 

Todd Boehly 

/s/ Jane DeFlorio 
 Director 
 March 7, 2023 

Jane DeFlorio 

/s/ Craig Dixon 
 Director 
 March 7, 2023 

Craig Dixon 

/s/ David Donnini 
 Director 
 March 7, 2023 

David Donnini 

/s/ Tom Ehrhart 
 Director 
 March 7, 2023 

Tom Ehrhart 

/s/ Julie Masino 
 Director 
 March 7, 2023 

Julie Masino 

/s/ Martin Taylor 
 Director 
 March 7, 2023 

Martin Taylor 

108 

<EX-10>
 2
 seat-ex10_38.htm
 EX-10.38

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.38 
 
 [Final] 

HOYA INTERMEDIATE, LLC SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT 

Dated as of October 18, 2021 
 
 THE UNITS ISSUED PURSUANT TO THIS SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR UNDER ANY OTHER APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS. SUCH UNITS MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED, ASSIGNED, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF AT ANY TIME WITHOUT EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION UNDER SUCH ACT AND LAWS OR AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM, AND COMPLIANCE WITH THE OTHER RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY SET FORTH HEREIN. 
 
 CERTAIN UNITS MAY ALSO BE SUBJECT TO ADDITIONAL RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER SET FORTH HEREIN AND/OR IN A SEPARATE AGREEMENT WITH THE INITIAL HOLDER OF SUCH UNITS. A COPY OF SUCH AGREEMENT MAY BE OBTAINED BY THE HOLDER OF SUCH UNITS UPON WRITTEN REQUEST TO THE COMPANY AND WITHOUT CHARGE. 

Page 

ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS ............................................................................................................................................................. 
 3 

ARTICLE II ORGANIZATIONAL MATTERS ............................................................................................................................ 
 11 

Section 2.1 Formation of LLC; Continuation ....................................................................................................................... 
 11 

Section 2.2 Limited Liability Company Agreement.............................................................................................................. 
 11 

Section 2.3 Name .................................................................................................................................................................. 
 11 

Section 2.4 Purpose............................................................................................................................................................... 
 12 

Section 2.5 Principal Office; Registered Office ................................................................................................................... 
 12 

Section 2.6 Term.................................................................................................................................................................... 
 12 

Section 2.7 No State-Law Partnership .................................................................................................................................. 
 12 

Section 2.8 Ratification and Specific Authorization of Transactions.................................................................................... 
 12 

ARTICLE III UNITS, CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS AND ACCOUNTS ................................................................................ 
 12 

Section 3.1 Units; Capitalization .......................................................................................................................................... 
 12 

Section 3.2 Authorization and Issuance of Additional Units................................................................................................ 
 13 

Section 3.3 Repurchase or Redemption of Class A Common Stock .................................................................................... 
 14 

Section 3.4 Changes in Common Stock................................................................................................................................ 
 15 

Section 3.5 Capital Accounts ................................................................................................................................................ 
 15 

Section 3.6 Negative Capital Accounts; No Interest Regarding Positive Capital Accounts................................................. 
 16 

Section 3.7 No Withdrawal.................................................................................................................................................... 
 16 

Section 3.8 Loans From Unitholders .................................................................................................................................... 
 16 

Section 3.9 Adjustments to Capital Accounts for Distributions In-Kind ............................................................................. 
 16 

Section 3.10 Transfer of Capital Accounts ............................................................................................................................. 
 16 

Section 3.11 Adjustments to Book Value ............................................................................................................................... 
 16 

Section 3.12 Compliance With Section 1.704-1(b) ................................................................................................................ 
 17 

Section 3.13 Warrants ............................................................................................................................................................. 
 17 

ARTICLE IV DISTRIBUTIONS AND ALLOCATIONS ............................................................................................................. 
 18 

Section 4.1 Distributions....................................................................................................................................................... 
 18 

Section 4.2 Allocations ......................................................................................................................................................... 
 19 

Section 4.3 Special Allocations ............................................................................................................................................ 
 19 

Section 4.4 Offsetting Allocations ........................................................................................................................................ 
 21 

Section 4.5 Tax Allocations................................................................................................................................................... 
 21 

Section 4.6 Indemnification and Reimbursement for Payments on Behalf of a Unitholder ................................................ 
 22 

Section 4.7 Prior Agreements Allocations............................................................................................................................. 
 22 

ARTICLE V MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL OF BUSINESS .............................................................................................. 
 22 

Section 5.1 Management....................................................................................................................................................... 
 22 

Section 5.2 Investment Company Act .................................................................................................................................. 
 24 

Section 5.3 Officers .............................................................................................................................................................. 
 24 

Section 5.4 Fiduciary Duties.................................................................................................................................................. 
 25 

ARTICLE VI EXCULPATION AND INDEMNIFICATION ...................................................................................................... 
 26 

Section 6.1 Exculpation ........................................................................................................................................................ 
 26 

Section 6.2 Indemnification .................................................................................................................................................. 
 26 

Section 6.3 Expenses ............................................................................................................................................................ 
 27 

Section 6.4 Non-Exclusivity; Savings Clause ...................................................................................................................... 
 27 

Section 6.5 Insurance ............................................................................................................................................................ 
 27 

ARTICLE VII ACCOUNTING AND RECORDS; TAX MATTERS .......................................................................................... 
 27 

Section 7.1 Accounting and Records .................................................................................................................................... 
 27 

Section 7.2 Preparation of Tax Returns ................................................................................................................................ 
 27 

Section 7.3 Tax Elections ..................................................................................................................................................... 
 28 

Section 7.4 Tax Controversies .............................................................................................................................................. 
 28 

ARTICLE VIII TRANSFER OF UNITS; ADMISSION OF NEW MEMBERS ......................................................................... 
 29 

Section 8.1 Transfer of Units ................................................................................................................................................ 
 29 

Section 8.2 Recognition of Transfer; Substituted and Additional Members......................................................................... 
 30 

Section 8.3 Expense of Transfer; Indemnification ............................................................................................................... 
 31 

ARTICLE IX REDEMPTION; EXCHANGE ............................................................................................................................... 
 31 

Section 9.1 Redemption of Common Units .......................................................................................................................... 
 31 

Section 9.2 Adjustments ....................................................................................................................................................... 
 35 

Section 9.3 Class A Common Stock to be Issued ................................................................................................................. 
 36 

Section 9.4 Withholding; Certification of Non-Foreign Status ............................................................................................ 
 36 

Section 9.5 Tax Treatment .................................................................................................................................................... 
 37 

Section 9.6 PTP Tax Consequences...................................................................................................................................... 
 37 

Section 9.7 Distributions....................................................................................................................................................... 
 37 

Section 9.8 Blocker Merger Transaction Cooperation ......................................................................................................... 
 37 

ARTICLE X RESIGNATION OF UNITHOLDERS ..................................................................................................................... 
 38 

Section 10.1 Resignation of Unitholders ................................................................................................................................ 
 38 

ARTICLE XI DISSOLUTION AND LIQUIDATION ................................................................................................................... 
 38 

Section 11.1 Dissolution ......................................................................................................................................................... 
 38 

Section 11.2 Liquidation and Termination ............................................................................................................................. 
 38 

Section 11.3 Securityholders Agreement................................................................................................................................ 
 39 

Section 11.4 Cancellation of Certificate ................................................................................................................................. 
 39 

Section 11.5 Reasonable Time for Winding Up ..................................................................................................................... 
 40 

Section 11.6 Return of Capital................................................................................................................................................ 
 40 

Section 11.7 Hart-Scott-Rodino............................................................................................................................................... 
 40 

ARTICLE XII GENERAL PROVISIONS ...................................................................................................................................... 
 40 

Section 12.1 Power of Attorney............................................................................................................................................... 
 40 

Section 12.2 Amendments ...................................................................................................................................................... 
 40 

Section 12.3 Title to the Company Assets .............................................................................................................................. 
 40 

Section 12.4 Remedies............................................................................................................................................................. 
 41 

Section 12.5 Successors and Assigns...................................................................................................................................... 
 41 

Section 12.6 Severability ........................................................................................................................................................ 
 41 

Section 12.7 Counterparts; Binding Agreement ..................................................................................................................... 
 41 

Section 12.8 Descriptive Headings; Interpretation ................................................................................................................. 
 41 

Section 12.9 Applicable Law .................................................................................................................................................. 
 41 

Section 12.10 Addresses and Notices ....................................................................................................................................... 
 42 

Section 12.11 Creditors............................................................................................................................................................. 
 42 

Section 12.12 No Waiver........................................................................................................................................................... 
 42 

Section 12.13 Further Action..................................................................................................................................................... 
 42 

Section 12.14 Entire Agreement ............................................................................................................................................... 
 42 

Section 12.15 Delivery by Electronic Means ........................................................................................................................... 
 42 

Section 12.16 Certain Acknowledgments.................................................................................................................................. 
 42 

Section 12.17 Consent to Jurisdiction; WAIVER OF TRIAL BY JURY ................................................................................ 
 43 

Section 12.18 Representations and Warranties......................................................................................................................... 
 43 

Section 12.19 Tax Receivable Agreement................................................................................................................................. 
 44 

HOYA INTERMEDIATE, LLC SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT 
 
 THIS SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT of Hoya Intermediate, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Compan y ), is entered into as of October 18, 2021, by and among the Company, Vivid Seats Inc., a Delaware corporation Vivid Seats ), and Hoya Topco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company TopCo ). Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in Article I . 
 
 WHEREAS, the Certificate was filed with the Office of the Secretary of State of Delaware on February 16, 2016; 
 
 WHEREAS, the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Agreement of the Company, was entered into as of June 30,2017, and subsequently amended by that certain First Amendment, dated as of January 25,2018 (as so amended, the Prior Agreement ); 
 
 WHEREAS, the Company is party to that certain Transaction Agreement, dated as of April 21, 2021 (the Transaction Agreement ), by and among Horizon Acquisition Corporation, a Cayman Islands exempted company Horizon ), Horizon Sponsor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, TopCo, the Company and Vivid Seats, pursuant to which, among other things, (i) the Company entered into a merger with Hoya Merger Sub LLC and, in connection with the merger, the Company s equity interests were recapitalized into Common Units and all unitholders of the Company (other than TopCo and the Crescent Holders) received units in TopCo, (ii) Horizon was merged with and into Vivid Seats, with Vivid Seats remaining as the surviving corporation of the merger, (iii) Vivid Seats will be admitted as a Member of the Company and will contribute funds to the Company in exchange for newly-issued Common Units in the Company, (iv) Vivid Seats will purchase, directly or indirectly, Common Units in the Company from the Crescent Blocker Sellers, (v) Vivid Seats will issue Class B Common Stock and warrants to purchase Class B Common Stock to TopCo, (vi) the Company will issue Warrants to Vivid Seats pursuant to a Warrant Agreement, (vii) the Company will issue Warrants to TopCo pursuant to a Warrant Agreement, (viii) the Company will redeem all Common Units held by the Redeemed Crescent Parties, and (ix) Vivid Seats, the Company and TopCo will enter into a Tax Receivable Agreement (as defined below), pursuant to which Vivid Seats will be obligated to make payments to certain parties related to certain tax benefits realized or deemed realized (clauses (i) through (ix) , collectively, the Transactions );and 
 
 WHEREAS, the parties desire to amend and restate the Prior Agreement as set forth herein to give effect to the Transactions and reflect the admission of Vivid Seats as a Member of the Company. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Members, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 
 ARTICLE I 
 
 DEFINITIONS 
 
 Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the following meaning: 
 
 Additional Member means a Person admitted to the Company as a Member pursuant to Section 8.2 in connection with issuance of Units to such Person in compliance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 
 Adjusted Capital Account Deficit means, with respect to any Capital Account as of the end of any Taxable Year, the amount by which the balance in such Capital Account is less than zero. For this purpose, such Person s Capital Account balance shall be (i) reduced for any items described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), (5), and (6), and (ii) increased for any amount such Person is obligated to contribute or is treated as being obligated to contribute to the Company pursuant to Treasury Regulation Sections 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(c) (relating to partner liabilities to a partnership) or 1.704-2(g)(1) and 1.704-2(i) (relating to Minimum Gain). 
 
 Affiliate of any Person means any other Person controlled by, controlling or under common control with such Person, and in the case of any Unitholder that is a partnership, limited liability company, corporation or similar entity, any partner, member or stockholder of such Unitholder; provided , that the Company and its Subsidiaries shall not be deemed to be Affiliates of any Unitholder. As used in this definition, control (including, with its correlative meanings, controlling, controlled by and under common control with shall mean possession, directly or indirectly, of power to direct or cause the direction of management or policies (whether through ownership of securities, by contract or otherwise). 
 
 Agreement means this Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, as it may be amended, modified and/or waived from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 
 Assumed Tax Liability means, with respect to any Unitholder for any Fiscal Quarter or the portion thereof, an amount, which in the good faith estimation of the Board, equals the product of (a) the amount of taxable income of the Company allocable to such Unitholder in respect of such Fiscal Quarter or portion thereof (which shall include gross or net income allocations of items of Profit or Loss and guaranteed payments for the use of capital), determined (x) without regard to adjustments under Section 732(d), 734(b) and 743(b) of the Code and (y) reducing such taxable income by net taxable losses, deductions or credits of the Company allocated to such Unitholder for prior taxable periods or portions thereof to the extent that such losses, deductions or credits (1)are of a type or character (e.g., in the case of losses, ordinary or capital) that would permit the losses, deductions or credits to be deducted or utilized by such Unitholder against the current taxable income of the Company allocable to the Unitholder for such Fiscal Quarter and (2) have not previously been taken into account in determining such Unitholder s Assumed Tax Liability, multiplied by (b) the Assumed Tax Rate. 
 
 Assumed Tax Rate means the combined maximum U.S. federal, state, and local income tax rate applicable to a taxable individual or corporation in any jurisdiction in the United States (whichever is higher), including pursuant to Section 1411 of the Code, in each case, taking into account all jurisdictions in which the Company is required to file income tax returns and the relevant apportionment information, in effect for the applicable Fiscal Quarter (taking into account the character of the income and excluding any reductions in rates attributable to Section 199A of the Code). The Assumed Tax Rate shall be the same for all Unitholders, regardless of the actual combined income tax rate of the Unitholder or its direct or indirect owners and the Manager may adjust the Assumed Tax Rate as it reasonably determines is necessary to take into account the effect of any changes in applicable tax law. 
 
 Base Rate means, as of any date, a variable rate per annum equal to the rate of interest most recently published by The Wall Street Journal as the prime rate at large U.S. money center banks. 
 
 Blocker Corporation has the meaning set forth in Section 9.8 . 

Blocker Merger Transaction has the meaning set forth in Section 9.8 . 
 
 Board has the meaning set forth in Section 5.1(a) . 
 
 Book Value means, with respect to any of the Company property, the Company s adjusted basis for U.S. federal income Tax purposes, adjusted from time to time to reflect the adjustments required or permitted (in the case of permitted adjustments, to the extent the Company makes such permitted adjustments) by Treasury Regulation Sections 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(d)-(g). 
 
 Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which the banks in New York, New York or San Diego, California are authorized by law to be closed. 
 
 Capital Account means the capital account maintained for a Unitholder pursuant to Section 3.5 and the other applicable provisions of this Agreement. 
 
 Capital Contributions means any cash, cash equivalents, promissory obligations or the Fair Market Value of other property (net of any applicable liabilities) which a Unitholder contributes or is deemed by the Board to have contributed to the Company with respect to any Unit pursuant to Section 3.1 or Section 3.10 . 
 
 Cash Payment means, an amount in cash equal to the product of (x) the Redeemed Unit Amount, (y) the then-applicable Exchange Rate, and (z) (i) solely in connection with a Change of Control Redemption, the Common Stock Value, and (ii) with respect to any Redemption that is not a Change of Control Redemption, the price to the public or the private sale price, as applicable, of the Class A Common Stock in the substantially concurrent public offering or private sale, as applicable. 
 
 Certificate means the Company s Certificate of Formation as filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware, as the same may be amended from time to time. 
 
 Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following events: 
 
 (a) any person or group (within the meaning of Sections 13(d) of the Exchange Act (excluding any person or group who, as of the date hereof, is the beneficial owner of securities of Vivid Seats representing more than 50 of the combined voting power of Vivid Seats then outstanding voting securities)) becomes the beneficial owner of securities of Vivid Seats representing more than 50 of the combined voting power of the Vivid Seats then outstanding voting securities; 
 
 (b) (A) the shareholders of Vivid Seats approve a plan of complete liquidation or dissolution of Vivid Seats or (B) there is consummated an agreement or series of related agreements for the sale or other disposition, directly or indirectly, by Vivid Seats of all or substantially all of Vivid Seat s assets, other than such sale or other disposition by Vivid Seats of all or substantially all of Vivid Seats assets to an entity at least 50 of the combined voting power of the voting securities of which are owned by shareholders of Vivid Seats in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of Vivid Seats immediately prior to such sale or other disposition; 
 
 (c) there is consummated a merger or consolidation of Vivid Seats with any other corporation or other entity, and, immediately after the consummation of such merger or consolidation, either (A) the board of directors of Vivid Seats immediately prior to the merger or consolidation does not constitute at least a majority of the board of directors of the company surviving the merger or consolidation or, if the surviving company is a Subsidiary, the ultimate parent thereof, or (B) all of the Persons who were the respective beneficial owners of the voting securities of Vivid Seats immediately prior to such merger or consolidation do not beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 50 of the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Person resulting from such merger or consolidation; or 

(d) the following individuals cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the number of directors of Vivid Seats then serving: individuals who were directors of Vivid Seats as of the date hereof or any new director whose appointment or election to the Board or nomination for election by Vivid Seats shareholders was approved or recommended by a vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the directors then still in office who either were directors of Vivid Seats on the date hereof or whose appointment, election or nomination for election was previously so approved or recommended by the directors referred to in this clause (d) . 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change of Control shall not be deemed to have occurred by virtue of the consummation of any transaction or series of integrated transactions immediately following which the record holders of the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock of Vivid Seats immediately prior to such transaction or series of transactions continue to have substantially the same proportionate ownership in and voting control over, and own substantially all of the shares of, an entity which owns all or substantially all of the assets of Vivid Seats immediately following such transaction or series of transactions. 
 
 Change of Control Redemption has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1(b)(i) . 
 
 Change of Control Redemption Date has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1(b)(iii) . 
 
 Class A Common Stock means the class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of Vivid Seats. 
 
 Class B Common Stock means the class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of Vivid Seats. 
 
 Code means the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
 
 Common Stock Value means, with respect to any Change of Control Redemption, the greater of (x) the arithmetic average of the volume weighted average prices for a share of Class A Common Stock on the principal U.S. securities exchange or automated or electronic quotation system on which the Class A Common Stock trades, as reported by Bloomberg, L.P., or its successor, for each of the three (3) consecutive full Trading Days ending on and including the last full Trading Day immediately prior to the related Redemption Date, subject to appropriate and equitable adjustment for any stock splits, reverse splits, stock dividends or similar events affecting the Class A Common Stock and (y) the price per share of Class A Common Stock offered by the Person or group that is the acquirer in the applicable Change of Control transaction. If the Class A Common Stock no longer trades on a securities exchange or automated or electronic quotation system, then the Common Stock Value shall be determined in good faith by a majority of the directors of Vivid Seats that do not have an interest in the Redeemable Units subject to Redemption (or the corresponding shares of Class B Common Stock). 
 
 Common Unit means a Unit having the rights and obligation specified with respect to a Common Unit in this Agreement. 
 
 Company has the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 
 
 Contribution Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1(a)(iv) . 
 
 Crescent Blocker Sellers means Crescent Mezzanine Partners VIB, L.P., Crescent Mezzanine Partners VIC, L.P., NPS/Crescent Strategic Partnership II, LP, CM7C VS Equity Holdings, LP and Crescent Mezzanine Partners VIIB, L.P. 
 
 Crescent Holders means the Redeemed Crescent Parties, CM6B Vivid Equity, Inc., CM6C Vivid Equity, Inc., CM7C VS Equity, LLC and CM7B VS Equity, LLC. 
 
 Delaware Act means the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act, 6 Del. C. 18-101, et seq., as it may be amended from time to time, and any successor thereto. 

Direct Exchange has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1(f) . 
 
 Distribution means each distribution made by the Company to a Unitholder, with respect to such Person s Units, whether in cash, property or securities and whether by liquidating distribution, redemption, repurchase or otherwise; provided that notwithstanding anything in the foregoing, none of the following shall be deemed to be a Distribution hereunder: (i) any recapitalization, exchange or conversion of securities of the Company, and any subdivision (by unit split or otherwise) or any combination (by reverse unit split or otherwise) of any outstanding Units; and (ii) any repurchase of Units pursuant to any right of first refusal or similar repurchase right in favor of the Company. 
 
 Equity Agreement has the meaning set forth in Section 3.2(a) . 
 
 Equity Securities means (i) any Units, capital stock, partnership, membership or limited liability company interests or other equity interests (including other classes, groups or series thereof having such relative rights, powers and/or obligations as may from time to time be established by the Board, including rights, powers and/or duties different from, senior to or more favorable than existing classes, groups and series of Units, capital stock, partnership, membership or limited liability company interests or other equity interests, and including any profits interests), (ii) obligations, evidences of indebtedness or other securities or interests convertible or exchangeable into Units, capital stock, partnership interests, membership or limited liability company interests or other equity interests, and (iii) warrants, options or other rights to purchase or otherwise acquire Units, capital stock, partnership interests, membership or limited liability company interests or other equity interests. Unless the context otherwise indicates, the term Equity Securities refers to Equity Securities of the Company. 
 
 Event of Withdrawal means the death, retirement, resignation, expulsion, bankruptcy or dissolution of a Member or the occurrence of any other event that terminates the continued membership of a Member in the Company. 
 
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and applicable rules and regulations thereunder, and any successor to such statute, rules or regulations. Any reference herein to a specific section, rule or regulation of the Exchange Act shall be deemed to include any corresponding provisions of future law. 
 
 Exchange Election Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1(f) . 
 
 Exchange Rate means the number of shares of Class A Common Stock for which one Common Unit may be redeemed pursuant to a Redemption. The Exchange Rate will also be used to determine the number of shares of Class B Common Stock that a Member must surrender upon a Redemption or Direct Exchange. On the date of this Agreement, the Exchange Rate shall be 1.00, subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 9.2 . 
 
 Fair Market Value means, as of any date of determination, (i) with respect to a Unit, such Unit s Pro Rata Share as of such date, (ii) with respect to a share of Class A Common Stock, the Common Stock Value as of such date, and (iii) with respect to any other non-cash assets, the fair market value for such property as between a willing buyer under no compulsion to buy and a willing seller under no compulsion to sell in an arm s-length transaction occurring on such date, taking into account all relevant factors determinative of value (including in the case of securities, any restrictions on transfer applicable thereto or, if such securities are traded on a securities exchange or automated or electronic quotation system, the quoted price for such securities as of the date of determination), as reasonably determined in good faith by the Board. 
 
 First Redemption Time means the expiration or earlier waiver of any lockup agreement in connection with the Transactions, including the Stockholders Agreement. 
 
 Fiscal Period means any interim accounting period within a Taxable Year established by the Board and which is permitted or required by Code Section 706. 

Fiscal Quarter means each calendar quarter ending March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31, or such other quarterly accounting period as may be established by the Board or as required by the Code. 
 
 Fiscal Year means the 12-month period ending on December 31, or such other annual accounting period as may be established by the Board or as may be required by the Code. 
 
 Governmental Entity means the United States of America or any other nation, any state or other political subdivision thereof, or any entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative functions of government. 
 
 Horizon has the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 
 
 HSR Act has the meaning set forth in Section 11.7 . 
 
 Indemnitee has the meaning set forth in Section 6.2 . 
 
 Investment Company Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended from time to time. 
 
 Liens means any and all liens, charges, security interests, options, claims, mortgages, pledges, proxies, voting trusts or agreements, obligations, understandings or arrangements, or other restrictions on title or transfer of any nature whatsoever. 
 
 Liquidation Assets has the meaning set forth in Section 11.2(b) . 
 
 Liquidation FMV has the meaning set forth in Section 11.2(b) . 
 
 Liquidation Statement has the meaning set forth in Section 11.2(b) . 
 
 Losses means items of the Company loss and deduction determined according to Section 3.5 . 
 
 Manager has the meaning set forth in Section 5.1(a) . 
 
 Member means each Person listed on the Unit Ownership Ledger and any Person admitted to the Company as a Substituted Member or Additional Member in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, each in its capacity as a member of the Company; but in each case only for so long as such Person is shown on the Unit Ownership Ledger as the owner of one or more Units. 
 
 Minimum Gain means the partnership minimum gain determined pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(d). 
 
 Obligations has the meaning set forth in Section 6.2 . 
 
 Partnership Tax Audit Rules means Code Sections 6221 through 6241 together with any guidance issued thereunder or successor provisions and any similar provision of state or local Tax laws. 
 
 Permitted Transferee means, with respect to any Person, (i) any of such Person s Affiliates and (ii) any direct or indirect partner, member, stockholder or other equityholder of such Person. 
 
 Person means an individual,a partnership, a corporation, a limited liability company, an association, a joint stock company, a trust, a joint venture, an unincorporated organization, association or other entity or a Governmental Entity. 

PR has the meaning set forth in Section 7.4(a) . 
 
 Pro Rata Share means with respect to each Unitholder, the proportionate amount such Unitholder would receive if an amount equal to the Total Equity Value were distributed to all Unitholders in accordance with Section 4.1(b) , as determined in good faith by the Board. 
 
 Profits means items of the Company income and gain determined according to Section 3.5 . 
 
 Prior Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 
 
 Redeemed Crescent Parties means Crescent Mezzanine Partners VI, L.P., Crescent Mezzanine Partners VII, L.P., Crescent Mezzanine Partners VII (LTL), L.P. and CBDC Universal Equity, Inc. 
 
 Redemption has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1(a)(i) . 
 
 Redemption Date has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1(a)(iii) . 
 
 Redemption Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1(a)(iii) . 
 
 Redeemable Unit means a Common Unit held by a Member (other than Vivid Seats and its Subsidiaries). 
 
 Redeemed Unit Amount means, with respect to a Redemption, the number of Common Units set forth in the applicable Redemption Notice. 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement means that certain Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2020, by and among Vivid Seats and certain other parties thereto, as the same may be amended, amended and restated or replaced from time to time. 
 
 Regulatory Allocations has the meaning set forth in Section 4.3(e) . 
 
 Retraction Notice has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1(a)(vi) . 
 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and applicable rules and regulations thereunder, and any successor to such statute,rules or regulations. Any reference herein to a specific section, rule or regulation of the Securities Act shall be deemed to include any corresponding provisions of future law. 
 
 Stockholders Agreement means that certain Stockholders Agreement, dated as of October 18, 2021, by and among Vivid Seats and the investors party thereto, as the same may be amended, amended and restated or replaced from time to time. 
 
 Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or business entity of which (i) if a corporation, a majority of the total voting power of shares of stock entitled (without regard to the occurrence of any contingency) to vote in the election of directors, managers or trustees thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by that Person or one or more of the other Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof, or (ii) if a limited liability company, partnership, association or other business entity (other than a corporation), a majority of partnership or other similar ownership interests thereof is at the time owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by any Person or one or more Subsidiaries of that Person or a combination thereof. For purposes hereof and without limitation, a Person or Persons shall be deemed to have a majority ownership interest in a limited liability company, partnership, association or other business entity (other than a corporation) if such Person or Persons shall be allocated a majority of limited liability company, partnership, association or other business entity gains or losses or shall be or control the manager, managing member, managing director (or a board comprised of any of the foregoing) or general partner of such limited liability company, partnership, association or other business entity. For purposes 
 
 hereof, references to a Subsidiary of any Person shall be given effect only at such times that such Person has one or more Subsidiaries, and, unless otherwise indicated, the term Subsidiary refers to a Subsidiary of the Company. 
 
 Substituted Member means a Person that is admitted as a Member to the Company pursuant to Section 8.2 in connection with the Transfer of Units to such Person permitted under the terms of this Agreement. 
 
 Takeover Laws means any moratorium, control share acquisition, business combination, fair price or other form of anti-takeover laws and regulations of any jurisdiction that may purport to be applicable to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, including any Redemption or Direct Exchange. 
 
 Tax or Taxes means any federal, state, local or foreign income, gross receipts, franchise, estimated, alternative minimum, add-on minimum, sales, use, transfer, registration, value added, excise, natural resources, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, windfall profit, environmental, customs, duties, real property, personal property, capital stock, social security, unemployment, disability, payroll, license, employee or other withholding, or other tax, of any kind whatsoever, and any interest, penalties or additions to tax or additional amounts in respect of the foregoing. 
 
 Tax Distribution has the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(a)(i) . 
 
 Tax Distribution Conditions has the meaning set forth in Section 4.1(a)(i) . 
 
 Tax Receivable Agreement means the Tax Receivable Agreement dated as of October 18, 2021, by and among Vivid Seats, the Company and Topco, as the same may be amended, amended and restated or replaced from time to time. 
 
 Taxable Year means the Company s accounting period for U.S. federal income Tax purposes determined pursuant to Section 7.2(c) . 
 
 TopCo has the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 
 
 Topco Manager has the meaning set forth in Section 5.1(b)(ii) . 
 
 Total Equity Value means, as of any date of determination, the aggregate proceeds which would be received by the Unitholders if: (i) the assets of the Company were sold at their fair market value to an independent third-party on arm s-length terms, with neither the seller nor the buyer being under compulsion to buy or sell such assets; (ii) the Company satisfied and paid in full all of its obligations and liabilities (including all Taxes, costs and expenses incurred in connection with such transaction and any amounts reserved by the Board with respect to any contingent or other liabilities); and (iii) such net sale proceeds were then distributed in accordance with Section 4.1 , all as determined by the Board in good faith based upon the Common Stock Value as of such date. 
 
 Trading Day means a day on which the principal U.S. securities exchange on which the Class A Common Stock is listed or admitted to trading is open for the transaction of business (unless such trading shall have been suspended for the entire day). 
 
 Transaction Agreement has the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 
 
 Transaction Documents means, collectively, this Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement and the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 
 Transactions has the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 

Transfer has the meaning set forth in Section 8.1 . 
 
 Treasury Regulations means the income Tax regulations promulgated under the Code and effective as of the date of this Agreement. Such term, if elected by the Board in its sole discretion, shall be deemed to include any future amendments to such regulations and any corresponding provisions of succeeding regulations (whether or not such amendments and corresponding provisions are mandatory or discretionary). 
 
 Unit means a limited liability company interest in the Company of a Member or representing a fractional part of the interests in Profits, Losses and Distributions of the Company held by all Members, including Common Units. 
 
 Unit Ownership Ledger has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(b) . 
 
 Unitholder means any owner of one or more Units as reflected on the Company s books and records. 
 
 Upstairs Class A Warrants has the meaning set forth in Section 3.13(b) . 
 
 Upstairs Class B Warrants has the meaning set forth in Section 3.13(c). 
 
 Vivid Seats has the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 
 
 Vivid Seats Manager has the meaning set forth in Section 5.1(b)(i) . 
 
 Warrant Agreements has the meaning set forth in Section 3.13(a) . 
 
 Warrants has the meaning set forth in Section 3.13(a) . 
 ARTICLE II 
 ORGANIZATIONAL MATTERS 
 
 Section 2.1 Formation of LLC; Continuation . The Company was formed in the State of Delaware on February 16, 2016 pursuant to the provisions of the Delaware Act. Each Person listed on the Unit Ownership Ledger as a member of the Company on the date hereof is hereby admitted as (or shall continue as) a member of the Company. 
 
 Section 2.2 Limited Liability Company Agreement . The Members hereby execute this Agreement for the purpose of amending and restating the Prior Agreement and establishing the affairs of the Company and the conduct of its business in accordance with the provisions of the Delaware Act. The Members hereby agree that until the Company is terminated in accordance with Section 11.4 , the rights, powers and obligations of the Unitholders with respect to the Company will be determined in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Delaware Act; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing and anything else to the contrary, Section 18-210 of the Delaware Act (entitled No Statutory Appraisal Rights shall not apply to or be incorporated into this Agreement and each Unitholder hereby expressly waives any and all rights under such Section of the Delaware Act and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, Section 18-305(a) of the Delaware Act (entitled Access to and Confidentiality of Information;Records shall not apply to or be incorporated into this Agreement and each Member hereby expressly waives any and all rights under such Section of the Delaware Act. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing waiver of any and all rights by each Member under Section 18-305(a) of the Delaware Act is a restriction of the Members' rights to obtain information, approvedand adopted by all of the Members, as permitted under Section 18-305(g) of the Delaware Act. 
 
 Section 2.3 Name . The name of the Company shall be Hoya Intermediate, LLC. The Board may change the name of the Company at any time and from time to time. Notification of any such name change shall be given to all Unitholders. The Company s business may be conducted under its name and/or any other name or names deemed advisable by the Board. 

Section 2.4 Purpose . The purpose and business of the Company shall be to manage and direct the business operations and affairs of the Company and its Subsidiaries and to engage in any other lawful acts or activities for which limited liability companies may be formed under the Delaware Act. 
 Section 2.5 Principal Office; Registered Office . The principal office of the Company shall be located at such place inside or outside the state of Delaware as the Board may from time to time designate, and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, all business and activities of the Company shall be deemed to have occurred at its principal office. The Company may maintain offices at such other place or places as the Board deems advisable. The address of the registered office of the Company in the State of Delaware shall be the office of the initial registered agent named in the Certificate or such other office (which need not be a place of business of the Company) as the Board may designate from time to time in the manner provided by applicable law, and the registered agent for service of process on the Company in the State of Delaware at such registered office shall be the registered agent named in the Certificate or such Person or Persons as the Board may designate from time to time in the manner provided by applicable law. 
 
 Section 2.6 Term . The term of the Company commenced upon the filing of the Certificate with the office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware in accordance with the Delaware Act and shall continue in existence until the Company shall be dissolved in accordance with the provisions of Article XI . The existence of the Company as a separate entity shall continue until the cancellation of the Certificate in accordance with Section 11.4 . 
 
 Section 2.7 No State-Law Partnership . The Unitholders intend that the Company not be a partnership (including, without limitation, a limited partnership) or joint venture, and that no Unitholder be a partner or joint venturer of any other Unitholder by virtue of this Agreement, for any purposes other than as set forth in the last sentence of this Section 2.7 , and neither this Agreement nor any other document entered into by the Company or any Unitholder relating to the subject matter hereof shall be construed to suggest otherwise. The Unitholders intend that the Company shall be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal and, if applicable, state or local income Tax purposes, and that each Unitholder and the Company shall file all Tax returns and shall otherwise take all Tax and financial reporting positions in a manner consistent with such treatment. 
 
 Section 2.8 Ratification and Specific Authorization of Transactions . Pursuant to the Transaction Agreement, the Company has undertaken or will undertake the Transactions. In connection therewith, (i) all actions taken to date, and any and all things done, by the Company, and by the Board or any officer, employee or agent of the Company on behalf of the Company, in furtherance of and consistent with the Transactions (including, without limitation, the execution and delivery of the Transaction Agreement and the recapitalization of the Company s equity interests into Common Units), are hereby in all respects confirmed to be authorized, approved and ratified and, to the extent not yet undertaken, (ii) the Company, and the Board or any officer, employee or agent of the Company on behalf of the Company, is hereby authorized to (y) enter into and perform the Warrant Agreement, the Tax Receivable Agreement and any documents contemplated thereby or related thereto and any amendments thereto and (z) redeem any Common Units held by the Redeemed Crescent Parties, in each case, without any further act, vote or approval of any Person, including any Member or any Unitholder, notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement. 
 ARTICLE III 
 UNITS, CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS AND ACCOUNTS 
 
 Section 3.1 Units; Capitalization . 
 
 (a) Units; Capitalization . The Company shall have the authority to issue an unlimited number of Common Units. In connection with the Transactions and subject to the terms and conditions of the Transaction Agreement, the Company will issue Common Units and Warrants to Vivid Seats in exchange for a cash contribution to the Company, such that immediately after completion of the Transactions and the issuance of Common Units and Warrants by the Company, the total number of Common Units held by Vivid Seats will 
 
 equal the total number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock and the total number of Common Units into which Warrants held by Vivid Seats are exercisable will be equal to the total number of shares of Class A Common Stock for which outstanding warrants issued by Vivid Seats are exercisable. The ownership by a Member of Common Units shall entitle such Member to allocations of Profits and Losses and other items and Distributions of cash and other property as set forth in Article IV hereof. 
 
 (b) Unit Ownership Ledger; Capital Contributions . The Board shall create and maintain a ledger (the Unit Ownership Ledger setting forth the name and address of each Unitholder and holder of Warrants, the number of each class of Units and Warrants held of record by each such Unitholder and holder of Warrants, and the amount of the Capital Contribution made (or deemed to have been made) with respect to each class of Units and the date of such Capital Contribution. Upon any change in the number or ownership of outstanding Units or Warrants (whether upon an issuance of Units or Warrants, a Transfer of Units or Warrants, a cancellation of Units or Warrants or otherwise), the Board shall amend and update the Unit Ownership Ledger. Absent manifest error, the ownership interests recorded on the Unit Ownership Ledger shall be conclusive record of the Units and Warrants that have been issued and are outstanding. Each Unitholder named in the Unit Ownership Ledger has made (or shall be deemed to have made) Capital Contributions to the Company as set forth in the Unit Ownership Ledger in exchange for the Units specified in the Unit Ownership Ledger. Any reference in this Agreement to the Unit Ownership Ledger shall be deemed a reference to the Unit Ownership Ledger as amended and in effect from time to time. 
 
 (c) Certificates; Le g ends .Units shall be issued in uncertificated form; provided that,at the request of any Member, the Board may cause the Company to issue one or more certificates to any such Member holding Units representing in the aggregate the Units held by such Member. If any certificate representing Units is issued, then such certificate shall bear a legend substantially in the following form: 
 
 THIS CERTIFICATE EVIDENCES UNITS REPRESENTING A LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY INTEREST IN HOYA INTERMEDIATE, LLC. THE LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY INTEREST IN HOYA INTERMEDIATE, LLC REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR ANY NON-U.S. OR STATE SECURITIES LAWS AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN COMPLIANCE THEREWITH. THE LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY INTEREST IN HOYA INTERMEDIATE, LLC REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE IS SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER SET FORTH IN THE SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY AGREEMENT OF HOYA INTERMEDIATE, LLC, DATED AS OF OCTOBER 18, 2021, AS THE SAME MAY BE AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME, A COPY OF WHICH SHALL BE FURNISHED BY THE COMPANY TO THE RECORD HOLDER HEREOF UPON WRITTEN REQUEST AND WITHOUT CHARGE. 
 
 (d) Prior Common Units . The Common Units that were issued and outstanding and held by the Members prior to the date of this Agreement shall remain unchanged. 
 
 Section 3.2 Authorization and Issuance of Additional Units . 
 
 (a) The Board shall have the right to cause the Company to issue and/or create and issue at any time after the date hereof, and for such amount and form of consideration as the Board may determine, additional Units or other Equity Securities of the Company (including creating classes or series thereof having such powers, designations, preferences and rights, which in each case may be senior to existing Units or other Equity Securities of the Company or classes or series thereof, as may be determined by the Board). The Board shall have the power, without the approval of any other Member or Unitholder or any other Person and notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, including Section 12.2 , to make such amendments to this Agreement in order to provide for such powers, designations, preferences and rights as the Board in its discretion deems necessary or appropriate to give effect to such additional authorization or issuance in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3.2(a) . In connection with any issuance of Units (whether on or after the date of this Agreement), the 
 
 Person who acquires such Units shall execute a counterpart to this Agreement accepting and agreeing to be bound by all terms and conditions hereof, and shall enter into such other documents, instruments and agreements to effect such purchase as are required by the Board (including such documents, instruments and agreements entered into on or prior to the date of this Agreement by the Members, each, an Equity A g reement ). 
 
 (b) At any time Vivid Seats issues one or more shares of Class A Common Stock (other than an issuance of the type covered by Section 3.2(c) or an issuance to a holder of Redeemable Units pursuant Article IX ),Vivid Seats shall contribute to the Company all of the net proceeds (if any) received by Vivid Seats with respect to such share or shares of Class A Common Stock. Upon the contribution by Vivid Seats to the Company of all of such net proceeds so received by Vivid Seats, the Board shall cause the Company to issue a number of Common Units determined based upon the Exchange Rate then in effect, registered in the name of Vivid Seats; provided , however , that if Vivid Seats issues one or more shares of Class A Common Stock, some or all of the net proceeds of which are to be used to fund expenses or other obligations of Vivid Seats for which Vivid Seats would be permitted a Distribution pursuant to Article IV , then Vivid Seats shall not be required to transfer such net proceeds to the Company which are used or will be used to fund such expenses or obligations; provided further , if Vivid Seats issues any shares of Class A Common Stock in order to purchase or fund the purchase of Common Units from a Member (other than a Subsidiary of Vivid Seats), then the Company shall not issue any new Common Units registered in the name of Vivid Seats in accordance with Section 9.1(a) and Vivid Seats shall not be required to transfer such net proceeds to the Company (it being understood that such net proceeds shall instead be transferred by Vivid Seats to such other Member as consideration for such purchase). Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 3.2(b) shall not apply to the issuance and distribution to holders of shares of Class A Common Stock of rights to purchase Equity Securities of Vivid Seats under a poison pill or similar shareholder s rights plan (it being understood that (i) upon exchange of Redeemable Units for Class A Common Stock pursuant to Article IX , such Class A Common Stock would be issued together with any such corresponding right and (ii) in the event such rights to purchase Equity Securities of Vivid Seats are triggered, Vivid Seats will ensure that the holders of Common Units that have not been Exchanged prior to such time will be treated equitably vis- -vis the holders of Class A Common Stock under such plan). 
 
 (c) At any time Vivid Seats issues one or more shares of Class A Common Stock in connection with an equity incentive program, whether such share or shares are issued upon exercise (including cashless exercise) of an option, settlement of a restricted stock unit, as restricted stock or otherwise, the Board shall cause the Company to issue a corresponding number of Common Units, registered in the name of Vivid Seats (determined based upon the Exchange Rate then in effect); provided that Vivid Seats shall be required to contribute all (but not less than all) of the net proceeds (if any) received by Vivid Seats from or otherwise in connection with such issuance of one or more shares of Class A Common Stock, including the exercise price of any option exercised, to the Company. If any such shares of Class A Common Stock so issued by Vivid Seats in connection with an equity incentive program are subject to vesting or forfeiture provisions, then the Common Units that are issued by the Company to Vivid Seats in connection therewith in accordance with the preceding provisions of this Section 3.2(c) shall be subject to vesting or forfeiture on the same basis; if any of such shares of Class A Common Stock vest or are forfeited, then a corresponding number of the Common Units (determined based upon the Exchange Rate then in effect) issued by the Company in accordance with the preceding provisions of this Section 3.2(c) shall automatically vest or be forfeited. Any cash or property held by Vivid Seats or the Company or on any of such Person s behalf in respect of dividends paid on restricted shares of Class A Common Stock that fail to vest shall be returned to the Company upon the forfeiture of such restricted shares of Class A Common Stock. 
 
 (d) For purposes of this Section 3.2 , net proceeds means gross proceeds to Vivid Seats from the issuance of Class A Common Stock or other securities less all reasonable bona fide out-of-pocket fees and expenses of Vivid Seats, the Company and their respective Subsidiaries actually incurred in connection with such issuance. 
 
 Section 3.3 Repurchase or Redemption of Class A Common Stock . If, at any time, any shares of Class A Common Stock are repurchased or redeemed (whether by exercise of a put or call, automatically or by means of another arrangement) by Vivid Seats for cash, then the Board shall cause the Company, immediately prior to such 
 
 repurchase or redemption of such shares, to redeem a corresponding number of Common Units held by Vivid Seats (determined based upon the Exchange Rate then in effect), at an aggregate redemption price equal to the aggregate purchase or redemption price of the share or shares of Class A Common Stock being repurchased or redeemed by Vivid Seats (plus any reasonable expenses related thereto) and upon such other terms as are the same for the share or shares of Class A Common Stock being repurchased or redeemed by Vivid Seats. 
 
 Section 3.4 Changes in Common Stock . In addition to any other adjustments required hereby any subdivision (by stock split, stock dividend, reclassification, recapitalization or otherwise) or combination (by reverse stock split, reclassification, recapitalization or otherwise) of Class A Common Stock, Class B Common Stock or other capital stock of Vivid Seats shall be accompanied by an identical subdivision or combination, as applicable, of the Common Units or other Equity Securities, as applicable. In connection with a subdivision or combination of the Common Units or other Equity Securities pursuant to this Section 3.4 , the Board shall have the power, without the approval of any other Member or Unitholder or any other Person, to make such amendments to this Agreement in order to reflect such subdivision or combination, as applicable, of the Common Units or other Equity Securities. 
 
 Section 3.5 Capital Accounts . 
 
 (a) Maintenance of Capital Accounts . The Company shall maintain a separate Capital Account for each Unitholder according to the rules of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv). For this purpose, the Company may (in the sole discretion of the Board), upon the occurrence of the events specified in Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(f), increase or decrease the Capital Accounts in accordance with the rules of such regulation and Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(g) to reflect a revaluation of the Company property. Without limiting the foregoing, each Unitholder s Capital Account shall be adjusted, without duplication: 
 
 (i) by adding any additional Capital Contributions made by such Unitholder in consideration for the issuance of Units; 
 
 (ii) by deducting any amounts paid to such Unitholder in connection with the redemption or other repurchase by the Company of Units; 
 
 (iii) by adding any Profits allocated in favor of such Unitholder and subtracting any Losses allocated in favor of such Unitholder; and 
 
 (iv) by deducting any distributions paid in cash or other assets to such Unitholder by the Company. 
 
 (b) Computation of Income, Gain, Loss and Deduction Items . For purposes of computing the amount of any item of the Company income, gain, loss or deduction to be allocated pursuant to Article IV and to be reflected in the Capital Accounts, the determination, recognition and classification of any such item shall be the same as its determination, recognition and classification for U.S.federal income Tax purposes (including any method of depreciation, cost recovery or amortization used for this purpose); provided that: 
 
 (i) the computation of all items of income, gain, loss and deduction shall include those items described in Code Section 705(a)(1)(B), Code Section 705(a)(2)(B) and Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(i), without regard to the fact that such items are not includable in gross income or are not deductible for U.S. federal income Tax purposes; 
 
 (ii) if the Book Value of any Company property is adjusted pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(e) or (f), the amount of such adjustment shall be taken into account as gain or loss from the disposition of such property; 
 
 (iii) items of income, gain, loss or deduction attributable to the disposition of the Company property having a Book Value that differs from its adjusted basis for Tax purposes shall be computed by reference to the Book Value of such property; 
 
 (iv) items of depreciation, amortization and other cost recovery deductions with respect to the Company property having a Book Value that differs from its adjusted basis for Tax purposes shall be computed by reference to the property s Book Value in accordance with Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(g); 
 
 (v) to the extent an adjustment to the adjusted Tax basis of any of the Company s asset pursuant to Code Sections 732(d), 734(b) or 743(b) is required pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m) to be taken into account in determining Capital Accounts, the amount of such adjustment to the Capital Accounts shall be treated as an item of gain (if the adjustment increases the basis of the asset) or loss (if the adjustment decreases such basis); and (vi) this Section 3.5 shall be applied in a manner consistent with the principles of Treasury Regulation Sections 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(d), (f)(1), (h)(2) and (s). 
 
 Section 3.6 Negative Capital Accounts; No Interest Regarding Positive Capital Accounts . No Unitholder shall be required to pay to any other Unitholder or the Company any deficit or negative balance which may exist from time to time in such Unitholder s Capital Account (including upon and after dissolution of the Company). Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, no Unitholder shall be entitled to receive interest from the Company in respect of any positive balance in its Capital Account, and no Unitholder shall be liable to pay interest to the Company or any Unitholder in respect of any negative balance in its Capital Account. 
 
 Section 3.7 No Withdrawal . No Person shall be entitled to withdraw any part of such Person s Capital Contributions or Capital Account or to receive any Distribution from the Company, except as expressly provided herein. 
 
 Section 3.8 Loans From Unitholders . Loans by Unitholders to the Company shall not be considered Capital Contributions. If any Unitholder shall loan funds to the Company in excess of the amounts required hereunder to be contributed by such Unitholder to the capital of the Company, the making of such loans shall not result in any increase in the amount of the Capital Account of such Unitholder. The amount of any such loans shall be a debt of the Company to such Unitholder and shall be payable or collectible in accordance with the terms and conditions upon which such loans are made. 
 
 Section 3.9 Adjustments to Capital Accounts for Distributions In-Kind . To the extent that the Company distributes property in-kind to the Members, the Company shall be treated as making a distribution equal to the Fair Market Value of such property (as of the date of such distribution) for purposes of Section 4.1 and such property shall be treated as if it were sold for an amount equal to its Fair Market Value and any resulting gain or loss shall be allocated to the Members Capital Accounts in accordance with Section 4.2 through Section 4.4 . 
 
 Section 3.10 Transfer of Capital Accounts .The original Capital Account established for each Substituted Member shall be in the same amount as the Capital Account of the Member (or portion thereof) to which such Substituted Member succeeds at the time such Substituted Member is admitted to as a Member of the Company. The Capital Account of any Member whose interest in the Company shall be increased or decreased by means of (a) the Transfer to it of all or part of the Units of another Member or (b) the repurchase or forfeiture of Units pursuant to any Equity Agreement shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect such Transfer, repurchase or forfeiture. Any reference in this Agreement to a Capital Contribution of or Distribution to a Member that has succeeded any other Member shall include any Capital Contributions or Distributions previously made by or to the former Member on account of the Units of such former Member Transferred to such Member. 
 
 Section 3.11 Adjustments to Book Value . The Company shall adjust the Book Value of its assets to Fair Market Value in accordance with Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(f) as of the following times: (a) at the Board s discretion in connection with the issuance of Units in the Company in exchange for more than 
 
 a de minimis Capital Contribution or for services performed on behalf of the Company; (b) at the Board s discretion in connection with the Distribution by the Company to a Member of more than a de minimis amount of the Company s assets, including money; (c) the liquidation of the Company within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(g); and (d) at such other times as the Board determines necessary or appropriate in order to comply with Treasury Regulations Sections 1.704-1(b) and 1.704-2. Any such increase or decrease in Book Value of an asset shall be allocated as a Profit or Loss to the Capital Accounts of the Members under Section 4.2 (determined immediately prior to the event giving rise to the revaluation). For the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Company shall adjust the Book Value of its assets to Fair Market Value as of the date of the Transactions in accordance with Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(f). 
 
 Section 3.12 Compliance With Section 1.704-1(b) . The provisions of this Agreement relating to the maintenance of Capital Accounts are intended to comply with Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b), and shall be interpreted and applied in a manner consistent with such Treasury Regulations. In the event the Board shall determine that it is prudent to modify the manner in which the Capital Accounts are computed in order to comply with such Treasury Regulations, the Board may make such modification, without the approval of any other Member or Unitholder or any other Person and notwithstanding anything in Section 12.2 to the contrary. The Board also shall (a) make any adjustments that are necessary or appropriate to maintain equality between the Capital Accounts of the Members and the amount of the Company capital reflected on the Company s balance sheet, as computed for book purposes, in accordance with Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(iv)(g), and (b) make any appropriate modifications in the event unanticipated events might otherwise cause this Agreement not to comply with Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b). 
 
 Section 3.13 Warrants . 
 
 (a) On the date hereof, in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreement, the Company has issued warrants to purchase Common Units (the Warrants to Vivid Seats and TopCo as set forth on the Unit Ownership Ledger pursuant to warrant agreements (the Warrant Agreements entered into between the Company, on the one hand, and Vivid Seats and Topco, as applicable, on the other hand, as of the date hereof. Upon the valid exercise of a Warrant in accordance with the applicable Warrant Agreement, the Company shall issue to Vivid Seats or TopCo, as applicable, the number of Common Units, free and clear of all Liens (other than those arising under applicable securities laws and this Agreement), to be issued in connection with such exercise. 
 
 (b) If any holder of a warrant issued by Vivid Seats to purchase shares of Class A Common Stock (the Upstairs Class A Warrants exercises an Upstairs Class A Warrant, then Vivid Seats agrees that it shall cause a corresponding exercise (including by effecting such exercise in the same manner, i.e . , by payment of a cash exercise price or on a cashless basis) of a Warrant with similar terms held by it, such that the number of shares of Class A Common Stock issued in connection with the exercise of such Upstairs Class A Warrant shall match with a corresponding number of Common Units issued by the Company pursuant to the Warrant Agreement with Vivid Seats, and the exercise price paid by Vivid Seats shall be equal to the exercise price paid by the holder of the Upstairs Class A Warrant exercising such Upstairs Class A Warrant. Vivid Seats agrees that it will not exercise any Warrants other than in connection with the corresponding exercise of an Upstairs Class A Warrant. In the event an Upstairs Class A Warrant is redeemed, the Company will redeem a Warrant with similar terms held by Vivid Seats. 
 
 (c) If Topco exercises a Warrant, then TopCo agrees that it shall cause a corresponding exercise of a warrant issued by Vivid Seats to purchase shares of Class B Common Stock (the Upstairs Class B Warrants held by it, such that the number of Common Units issued by the Company pursuant to the Warrant Agreement with TopCo shall match a corresponding number of shares of Class B Common Stock issued in connection with the exercise of such Upstairs Class B Warrant. TopCo agrees that it will not exercise any Upstairs Class B Warrants other than 
 
 in connection with the corresponding exercise of a Warrant. In the event a Warrant held by Topco is redeemed, Vivid Seats will redeem an Upstairs Class B Warrant held by Topco. 
 ARTICLE IV DISTRIBUTIONS AND ALLOCATIONS 
 
 Section 4.1 Distributions . 
 
 (a) Tax Distributions . 
 
 (i) Tax Distributions . To the extent funds of the Company are legally available for distribution by the Company and such distribution would not be prohibited under any credit facility or any other agreement to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party, in each case, as determined by Vivid Seats in its reasonable discretion (the Tax Distribution Conditions ), with respect to each Fiscal Quarter (or portion thereof), the Company shall distribute to each Unitholder, an amount of cash (each a Tax Distribution that is at least equal to such Unitholder s Assumed Tax Liability for such Fiscal Quarter (or portion thereof). All Tax Distributions shall be made pro rata on a per-Common Unit basis in an amount such that the Unitholder with the highest Assumed Tax Liability per Common Unit receives an amount equal to such Unitholder s Assumed Tax Liability, on a quarterly basis at least five (5) days prior to the date on which any estimated tax payments are due with respect to the relevant Fiscal Quarter, in order to permit each Unitholder (or the beneficial owners of any Unitholder) to timely pay its estimated tax obligations for the applicable Fiscal Quarter (or portion thereof). The Board shall make, in its reasonable discretion, equitable adjustments (downward (but not below zero) or upward) to each Unitholder s Tax Distributions (but in any event pro rata in proportion to each Unitholder s respective number of Common Units) to take into account increases or decreases in the number of Common Units held by each Unitholder during the relevant period. All Tax Distributions shall be treated for all purposes under this Agreement as advances against, and shall offset and reduce dollar-for-dollar, subsequent Distributions under Section 4.1(b) or Section 11.2 . In determining the amount of any Tax Distributions, (i) the Assumed Tax Liability of Vivid Seats shall be increased if, and solely to the extent, necessary to allow Vivid Seats to satisfy its own tax obligations for the applicable Fiscal Quarter or portion thereof and payments currently due and owing under the Tax Receivable Agreement, taking into account any Distributions previously made to Vivid Seats under this Agreement and (ii) the Assumed Tax Liability of TopCo shall be increased if, and solely to the extent, necessary to allow TopCo to make payments to any of its members that are allocated taxable income in respect of their indirect interests in the Company attributable to an applicable Fiscal Quarter, without regard to whether taxable income of the Company is allocated to TopCo with respect to such Fiscal Quarter. 
 
 (ii) To the extent a Unitholder would receive for any Fiscal Quarter less than its per-Common Unit share of the aggregate Tax Distributions to be paid pursuant to Section 4.1(a)(i) , the Tax Distributions to such Unitholder shall be increased to ensure that all Tax Distributions to holders of Common Units are made in accordance with their per-Common Unit share. The Board shall be entitled to adjust subsequent Tax Distributions up or down to reflect any variation between its prior estimation of quarterly Tax Distributions that would have been computed under Section 4.1(a)(i) based on subsequent information. In the event that due to the Tax Distribution Conditions the funds available for any Tax Distribution to be made hereunder are insufficient to pay the full amount of the Tax Distribution that would otherwise be required under Section 4.1(a)(i) , the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to distribute to the Unitholders the amount of funds that are available after application of the Tax Distribution Conditions on a pro rata basis (according to the amounts that would have been distributed to each Unitholder pursuant to Section 4.1(a)(i) if available funds (after application of the Tax Distribution Conditions) existed in a sufficient amount to make such Distribution in full). At any time thereafter when additional funds of the Company are available for Distribution after application of the Tax Distribution Conditions, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to immediately distribute such funds to the Unitholders on a pro rata basis (according to the amounts that would have been distributed to each Unitholder pursuant to Section 4.1(a)(i) if available funds (after application of the Tax Distribution Conditions) would have existed in a sufficient amount to make such Tax Distribution in full). Notwithstanding anything else to the contrary, Tax Distributions to a Unitholder with respect to any Fiscal Quarter (or portion thereof) shall be reduced (but not below zero) by the 
 
 amount of any Distributions made during such Fiscal Quarter (or portion thereof) to such Unitholder that are not Tax Distributions. 
 
 (iii) Additional Tax Distributions . In the event of any audit by, or similar event with, a taxing authority that affects the calculation of any Unitholder s Assumed Tax Liability for any Taxable Year (other than an audit conducted pursuant to the Partnership Tax Audit Rules for which no election is made pursuant to Code Section 6226 (or any similar provision of state or local law)),or in the event the Company files an amended tax return, each Unitholder s Assumed Tax Liability with respect to such year shall be recalculated by giving effect to such event (for the avoidance of doubt, taking into account interest and penalties). Subject to the Tax Distribution Conditions, distributions shall be made pro rata on a per-Common Unit basis in an amount such that each Unitholder and successor to any former Unitholder receives an amount equal to any shortfall in the amount of Tax Distributions the Unitholders and former Unitholders received for the relevant Taxable Years based on such recalculated Assumed Tax Liability, except, for the avoidance of doubt, to the extent Distributions were made to such Unitholders and former Unitholders pursuant to Section 4.1 in the relevant Taxable Years sufficient to cover such shortfall. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Distributions to be made under this Section 4.1(a)(iii) either (i) to a successor of a former Unitholder on account of a shortfall in Tax Distributions to a former Unitholder, or (ii) to a Unitholder in respect of a shortfall in the amount of Tax Distributions to such Unitholder for any Taxable Year (or portion thereof) ending on or before the Closing Date, shall not exceed 1 million in the aggregate. 
 
 (b) Other Distributions . Except as otherwise set forth in Section 4.1(a) , the Board may (but shall not be obligated to) make Distributions at such time, in such amounts and in such form (including in-kind property) as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, in each case to the holders of Common Units immediately prior to such Distribution on a pro rata basis and in accordance with each Unitholder s relative ownership of Units. 
 
 Section 4.2 Allocations . 
 
 (a) Subject to Section 4.3 , Profits or Losses for any Fiscal Year shall be allocated among the Unitholders in such a manner as to reduce or eliminate, to the extent possible, any difference, as of the end of such Fiscal Year, between (a) the sum of (i) the Capital Account of each Unitholder, (ii) such Unitholder s share of Minimum Gain (as determined according to Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(g)) and (iii) such Unitholder s partner nonrecourse debt minimum gain (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(i)(2))and (b) the respective net amounts, positive or negative, which would be distributed to them or for which they would be liable to the Company under this Agreement and the Delaware Act, determined as if the Company were to (i) liquidate the assets of the Company for an amount equal to their Book Value and satisfy the liabilities of the Company in cash (limited in the case of non-recourse liabilities to the Book Value of the assets securing such liabilities) and (ii) distribute the proceeds of such liquidation pursuant to Section 11.2 . 
 
 (b) If during any Fiscal Year there is a change in any Unitholder s interest in the Company as a result of the admission of one or more Members, the withdrawal of a Member, or a Transfer of an interest in the Company, the Profits, Losses, or any other item allocable to the Unitholders under this Agreement for the Fiscal Year shall be allocated among the Unitholders so as to reflect their varying interests in the Company during the Fiscal Year, using any permissible method convention or extraordinary item under Section 706 of the Code and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder, as reasonably selected by the Board. In furtherance of the foregoing, any such permissible method, convention or extraordinary item selected by the Board shall be set forth in a dated, written statement maintained with the Company s books and records. 
 
 The Unitholders hereby agree that any such selection by the Board is made by agreement of the partners within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.706-4(f). 
 
 Section 4.3 Special Allocations . 

(a) Minimum Gain Chargeback . Losses attributable to partner nonrecourse debt (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(b)(4)) shall be allocated in the manner required by Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(i). If there is a net decrease during a Taxable Year in partner nonrecourse debt minimum gain (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(i)(2)),Profits for such Taxable Year (and, if necessary, for subsequent Taxable Years) shall be allocated to the Unitholders in the amounts and of such character as determined according to Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(i)(4). 
 
 (b) Unitholder Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Char g eback . Nonrecourse deductions (as determined according to Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(b)(1)) for any Taxable Year shall be allocated to each holder of Common Units ratably among such Unitholders based upon their ownership of Common Units. Except as otherwise provided in Section 4.3(a) , if there is a net decrease in the Minimum Gain during any Taxable Year, each Unitholder shall be allocated Profits for such Taxable Year (and, if necessary, for subsequent Taxable Years) in the amounts and of such character as determined according to Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(f). This Section 4.3(b) is intended to be a Minimum Gain chargeback provision that complies with the requirements of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(f), and shall be interpreted in a manner consistent therewith. 
 
 (c) Qualified Income Offset . If any Unitholder that unexpectedly receives an adjustment, allocation or distribution described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), (5) and (6) has an Adjusted Capital Account Deficit as of the end of any Taxable Year, computed after the application of Section 4.3(a) and Section 4.3(b) , but before the application of any other provision of this Article IV , then Profits for such Taxable Year shall be allocated to such Unitholder in proportion to, and to the extent of, such Adjusted Capital Account Deficit. This Section 4.3(c) is intended to be a qualified income offset provision as described in Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d) and shall be interpreted in a manner consistent therewith. 
 
 (d) Allocation of Certain Profits and Losses . Profits and Losses described in Section 3.5(b)(v) shall be allocated in a manner consistent with the manner that the adjustments to the Capital Accounts are required to be made pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(j), (k) and (m). 
 
 (e) Re g ulator y Allocations . The allocations set forth in Sections 4.3(a) - (d) (the Regulatory Allocations are intended to comply with certain requirements of Sections 1.704-1(b)and 1.704-2 of the Treasury Regulations. The Regulatory Allocations may not be consistent with the manner in which the Unitholders intend to allocate Profit and Loss of the Company or make the Company distributions. Accordingly, notwithstanding the other provisions of this Article IV , but subject to the Regulatory Allocations, income, gain, deduction, and loss shall be reallocated among the Unitholders so as to eliminate the effect of the Regulatory Allocations and thereby cause the respective Capital Accounts of the Unitholders to be in the amounts (or as close thereto as possible) they would have been if Profit and Loss (and such other items of income, gain, deduction and loss) had been allocated without reference to the Regulatory Allocations. In general, the Unitholders anticipate that this will be accomplished by specially allocating other Profit and Loss (and such other items of income, gain, deduction and loss) among the Unitholders so that the net amount of the Regulatory Allocations and such special allocations to each such Unitholder is zero. In addition, if in any Fiscal Year or Fiscal Period there is a decrease in partnership Minimum Gain, or in partner nonrecourse debt Minimum Gain, and application of the Minimum Gain chargeback requirements set forth in Section 4.3(a) or Section 4.3(b) would cause a distortion in the economic arrangement among the Unitholders, the Board may, if it does not expect that the Company will have sufficient other income to correct such distortion, request the Internal Revenue Service to waive either or both of such Minimum Gain chargeback requirements.If such request is granted, this Agreement shall be applied in such instance as if it did not contain such Minimum Gain chargeback requirement. 
 
 (f) Any item of deduction with respect to a Tax that is offset for a Unitholder under Section 4.6 shall be allocated to the Unitholder for which such payment is to be offset. For the avoidance of doubt, all tax deductions described in this Section 4.3(e) shall be taken into account in determining the amount of Tax Distribution made under the provisions of Section 4.1(a)(i) . 

(g) Allocations and other adjustments with respect to any non-compensatory options (as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.721-2(f)), shall be made in accordance with the Treasury Regulations including Treasury Regulations Section 1.721-2. 
 
 Section 4.4 Offsetting Allocations . If, and to the extent that, any Member is deemed to recognize any item of income, gain, deduction or loss as a result of any transaction between such Member and the Company pursuant to Sections 83,482, or 7872 of the Code or any similar provision now or hereafter in effect, the Board shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to allocate any corresponding Profit or Loss to the Member who recognizes such item in order to reflect the Members economic interest in the Company. 
 
 Section 4.5 Tax Allocations . 
 
 (a) Allocations Generall y. Except as provided in Section 4.5(b) below, for U.S. federal, state and local income Tax purposes, each item of income, gain, loss or deduction shall be allocated among the Unitholders in the same manner and in the same proportion that the corresponding book items have been allocated among the Unitholders respective Capital Accounts; provided that, if any such allocation is not permitted by the Code or other applicable law, then each subsequent item of income, gains, losses, deductions and credits will be allocated among the Unitholders so as to reflect as nearly as possible the allocation set forth herein in computing their Capital Accounts. 
 
 (b) Code Section 704(c) Allocations .Items of the Company taxable income, gain, loss and deduction with respect to any property contributed to the capital of the Company shall, solely for Tax purposes, be allocated among the Unitholders in accordance with Code Section 704(c) so as to take account of any variation between the adjusted basis of such asset for federal income Tax purposes and its initial Book Value. Such allocations shall be made using a reasonable method specified in Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-3. In addition, if the Book Value of any Company asset is adjusted pursuant to the requirements of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(e) or (f), then subsequent allocations of items of taxable income, gain, loss and deduction with respect to such asset shall take account of any variation between the adjusted basis of such asset for federal income Tax purposes and its Book Value in the same manner as under Code Section 704(c). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board shall determine all allocations pursuant to this Section 4.5(b) using any method selected by the Board that is permitted under Section 704(c) of the Code and the Treasury Regulations thereunder. 
 
 (c) Section 754 Election . The Company will make an election under Section 754 of the Code (or any comparable election under relevant state or local Law) for its Taxable Year that includes or begins on the date of this Agreement to adjust the basis of the Company property as permitted and provided in Sections 734 and 743 of the Code. Such election shall be effective solely for federal (and, if applicable, state and local) income Tax purposes and shall not result in any adjustment to the Book Value of any Company asset or to the Member s Capital Accounts (except as provided in Treasury Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m)). 
 
 (d) Allocation of Tax Credits, Tax Credit Recapture, Etc . Allocations of Tax credits, Tax credit recapture, and any items related thereto shall be allocated to the Unitholders according to their interests in such items as determined by the Board taking into account the principles of Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(4)(ii)and(viii). 
 
 (e) Corrective Allocations . If necessary, the Company will make corrective allocations as set forth in Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(4)(x). 
 
 (f) Effect of Allocations . Allocations pursuant to this Section 4.5 are solely for purposes of U.S. federal, state and local Taxes and shall not affect, or in any way be taken into account in computing, any Unitholder s Capital Account or share of Profits, Losses, Distributions (other than Tax Distributions) or other items pursuant to any provision of this Agreement. 

Section 4.6 Indemnification and Reimbursement for Payments on Behalf of a Unitholder . Except as otherwise provided in Article VI , if the Company is required by law to make any payment to a Governmental Entity that is specifically attributable to a Unitholder or a Unitholder s status as such (including U.S. federal withholding Taxes, state personal property Taxes, and state unincorporated business Taxes), then such Unitholder shall indemnify and contribute to the Company in full for the entire amount paid (including interest, penalties and related expenses). The Board may offset Distributions or other amounts to which a Person is otherwise entitled under this Agreement against such Person s obligation to indemnify the Company under this Section 4.6 or with respect to any other amounts owed by the Unitholder to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. A Unitholder s obligation to indemnify and make contributions to the Company under this Section 4.6 shall survive the termination, dissolution, liquidation and winding up of the Company, and for purposes of this Section 4.6 , the Company shall be treated as continuing in existence, and will survive any partial or complete Transfer or redemption of Unitholder s interest in the Company. The Company may pursue and enforce all rights and remedies it may have against each Unitholder under this Section 4.6 , including instituting a lawsuit to collect such indemnification and contribution, with interest calculated at a rate equal to the Base Rate plus three percentage points per annum (but not in excess of the highest rate per annum permitted by law), compounded on the last day of each Fiscal Quarter. 
 
 Section 4.7 Prior Agreements Allocations . The parties acknowledge and agree that in connection with the consummation of the Transactions contemplated by the Transaction Agreement, there shall be a closing of the books of the Company in accordance with Code Section 706 and the Treasury Regulations thereunder utilizing the interim closing method under the monthly convention, and that in connection therewith (x) all items of profit, gain, deduction, loss and credit attributable to taxable periods (or portions thereof) ending prior to the date hereof shall be made to the members of the Company in such periods in accordance with the Prior LLC Agreement, and (y) all items of profit, gain, deduction, loss and credit attributable to taxable periods (or portions thereof) beginning on or after the date hereof shall be made in accordance with this Agreement. 
 
 ARTICLE V 
 MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL OF BUSINESS 
 
 Section 5.1 Management . 
 
 (a) Establishment . Except as otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement or by non-waivable provision of the Delaware Act, the business, property and affairs of the Company shall be managed, operated and controlled at the sole, absolute and exclusive direction of the board of managers (the Board and each manager of the Board, a Manager in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Except as otherwise expressly provided by this Agreement, no Member shall have management authority or voting or other rights over, or any other ability to take part in the conduct or control of the business of, the Company. Each Manager shall be a manager (as defined in the Delaware Act) of the Company, but notwithstanding the foregoing, no Manager shall have any rights or powers beyond the rights and powers granted to such Manager in this Agreement. Notwithstanding any duty existing at law, in equity or otherwise, with respect to any matter that is to be voted on by the Managers, a Manager may grant a proxy to any other Manager or other Person. 
 
 (b) Number of Managers; Term of Office . The authorized number of Managers shall be two Managers. The following individuals shall initially be elected to the Board: 
 
 (i) one representative designated by Vivid Seats or any successor Manager designated by Vivid Seats (the Vivid Seats Manager ), who shall initially be Stanley Chia; and 
 
 (ii) one representative designated by Topco or any successor Manager designated by Topco (the Topco Manager ), who shall initially be Mark Anderson. 

The Managers shall hold office until their respective successors are designated in accordance with the terms set forth below. 
 
 (c) Vacancies . In the event that any designee under Section 5.1(b) for any reason ceases to serve as a member of the Board, the resulting vacancy on the Board shall be filled by the Person that is originally entitled to designate such Manager pursuant to Section 5.1(b) provided that, if any party fails to designate a person to fill a vacancy on the Board pursuant to the terms of this Section 5.1(c) , such vacant managership shall remain vacant until such managership is filled pursuant to this Section 5.1(c) ). 
 
 (d) Voting . For each matter that is put to a vote of the Board, the Vivid Seats Manager shall be entitled to two (2) votes, and the Topo Manager shall be entitled to one (1) vote. Any decisions to be made by the Board shall require the approval of a majority of the votes entitled to vote on such matter. 
 
 (e) Powers . The Board is, to the extent of its rights and powers set forth in this Agreement, an agent of the Company for the purpose of the Company s business, and the actions of the Board taken in accordance with such rights and powers shall bind the Company (and no Member shall have such right). The Board shall have all necessary powers to carry out the purposes, business and objectives of the Company. The Board may delegate in its discretion the authority to sign agreements and other documents and take other actions on behalf of the Company to any Person (including any Member, officer or employee of the Company) to enter into and perform any document on behalf of the Company. Without limiting the foregoing, the Board shall have the sole power and authority to effect any of the following by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in one or a series of related transactions, in each case without the vote, consent or approval of any other Member or Unitholder or any other Person: (i) any sale, lease, transfer, exchange or other disposition of any, all or substantially all of the assets of the Company (including the exercise or grant of any conversion, option, privilege or subscription right or any other right available in connection with any assets at any time held by the Company); (ii) any merger, consolidation, division, reorganization or other combination of the Company with or into another entity, (iii) any acquisition; (iv) any issuance of debt or equity securities; or (v) any incurrence of indebtedness. Except for any vote, consent or approval of any Unitholder expressly required by this Agreement, if a vote, consent or approval of the Unitholders is required by the Delaware Act or other applicable law with respect to any action to be taken by the Company or matter considered by the Board, each Unitholder will be deemed to have consented to or approved such action or voted on such matter in accordance with the consent or approval of the Board on such action or matter. 
 
 (f) Meetings of the Board . The Board shall meet at such time and at such place (either within or without the State of Delaware) as the Board may designate. Advance notice of any regular or special meeting shall be given to the Managers at least two (2) business days in advance of such meeting. The business to be transacted at, or the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the Board shall be specified in reasonable detail in such notice. A record shall be maintained by the Company of each meeting of the Board. 
 
 (g) Conduct of Meetings . Any meeting of the Board may be held, and any Manager may attend and vote and be present at a meeting, in person (including by proxy given to another Manager), telephonically or by means of other communications equipment allowing all persons participating in the meeting to hear each other. 
 
 (h) Quorum . The presence (in person, telephonically, by means of communications equipment, by proxy or by operation of this Section 5.1(h) of the Managers holding a majority of votes entitled to vote shall constitute a quorum of the Board for purposes of conducting business. At all times when the Board is conducting business at a meeting of the Board, a quorum of the Board must be present at such meeting. 
 
 (i) Attendance and Waiver of Notice . Attendance by a Manager at any meeting (in person, telephonically, by means of communications equipment or by proxy) shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where a Manager attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting to the transaction of any business on the ground that the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. 

(j) Actions Without a Meeting . Notwithstanding any provision contained in this Agreement, any action of the Board may be taken by written consent without a meeting. Any such action taken by the Board without a meeting shall be effective only if the written consent or consents are in writing, setting forth the action so taken, and signed by all Managers. 
 
 (k) Compensation of Managers; Reimbursement . Except as approved by the Board, and then only in reasonable amounts as determined by the Board, the Managers shall receive no compensation for serving in such capacity. The Managers constituting the Board shall be entitled to be reimbursed, out of available cash, for reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in the course of their service hereunder. 
 
 (l) Reliance by Third Parties . Any Person dealing with the Company, other than a Unitholder, may rely on the authority of the Board (or any Officer authorized by the Board) in taking any action in the name of the Company without inquiry into the provisions of this Agreement or compliance herewith, regardless of whether that action actually is taken in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. Every agreement, instrument or document executed by the Board (or any Officer authorized by the Board) in the name of the Company with respect to any business or property of the Company shall be conclusive evidence in favor of any Person relying thereon or claiming thereunder that (i) at the time of the execution or delivery thereof, this Agreement was in full force and effect, (ii) such agreement, instrument or document was duly executed according to this Agreement and is binding upon the Company and (iii) the Board or such Officer was duly authorized and empowered to execute and deliver such agreement, instrument or document for and on behalf of the Company. 
 
 Section 5.2 Investment Company Act . The Board shall use reasonable best efforts to ensure that the Company shall not be subject to registration as an investment company pursuant to the Investment Company Act. 
 
 Section 5.3 Officers . 
 
 (a) Officers . Unless determined otherwise by the Board, the officers of the Company shall be a Chief Executive Officer, a President, a Chief Financial Officer, a Treasurer and a Secretary and each other officer of Vivid Seats shall also be an officer of the Company, with the same title. All officers shall be appointed by the Board (or by the Chief Executive Officer to the extent the Board delegates such authority to the Chief Executive Officer) and shall hold office until their successors are appointed by the Board (or by the Chief Executive Officer to the extent the Board delegates such authority to the Chief Executive Officer). Two or more offices may be held by the same individual. The officers of the Company may be removed by the Board (or by the Chief Executive Officer to the extent the Board delegates such authority to the Chief Executive Officer) at any time for any reason or no reason. 
 
 (b) Other Officers and Agents . The Board may appoint such other officers and agents as it may deem necessary or advisable, who shall hold their offices for such terms and shall exercise such powers and perform such duties as shall be determined from time to time by the Board. 
 
 (c) Chief Executive Officer . The Chief Executive Officer shall be the chief executive officer of the Company and shall have the general powers and duties of supervision and management usually vested in the office of a chief executive officer of a company. He or she shall preside at all meetings of Members if present thereat. 
 
 (d) President . The President shall be the chief executive officer of the Company in the absence of the Chief Executive Officer. In general, the President shall perform all duties incident to the office of President and such other duties as may be prescribed from time to time by the Board. 
 
 (e) Chief Financial Officer . The Chief Financial Officer shall be the chief financial officer of the Company and shall keep and maintain or cause to be kept and maintained adequate and correct books and records of accounts of the properties and business transactions of the Company. The books of account shall at all times be open to 
 
 inspection by the Board. The Chief Financial Officer shall deposit all monies and other valuables in the name of, and to the credit of, the Company with such depositaries as may be designated by the Board. 
 
 (f) Treasurer . The Treasurer shall have the custody of Company funds and securities and shall keep full and accurate account of receipts and disbursements. He or she shall deposit all moneys and other valuables in the name and to the credit of the Company in such depositaries as may be designated by the Board or the Chief Executive Officer. The Treasurer shall disburse the funds of the Company as may be ordered by the Board or the Chief Executive Officer, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements. He or she shall render to the Board and the Chief Executive Officer whenever either of them may request it, an account of all his or her transactions as Treasurer and of the financial condition of the Company. If required by the Board, the Treasurer shall give the Company a bond for the faithful discharge of his or her duties in such amount and with such surety as the Board shall prescribe. 
 
 (g) Secretary . The Secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of Members and all other notices required by applicable law or by this Agreement, and in case of his or her absence or refusal or neglect so to do, any such notice may be given by any person thereunto directed by the Chief Executive Officer, or by the Board. He or she shall record all the proceedings of the meetings of the Company, and shall perform such other duties as may be assigned to him or her by the Board or by the Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 (h) Other Officers . Other officers, if any, shall have such powers and shall perform such duties as shall be assigned to them, respectively, by the Board or by the Chief Executive Officer. 
 
 Section 5.4 Fiduciary Duties . 
 
 (a) Members and Unitholders . To the fullest extent permitted by law, including Section 18-1101(e) of the Delaware Act, and notwithstanding any duty otherwise existing at law or in equity, no Member or Unitholder, solely in its capacity as such, shall owe any fiduciary duty to the Company, the Board, any Member, any Unitholder or any other Person bound by this Agreement, provided that the foregoing shall not eliminate the implied contractual covenant of good faith and fair dealing. Nothing in this Section 5.4(a) shall limit the liabilities, duties or obligations of any Member or Unitholder acting in his or her capacity as an officer or Board pursuant to any other provision of this Agreement. 
 
 (b) Board and Officers . Notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary in this Agreement, except as set forth in the last sentence of Section 5.1(a) or Section 5.4(c) , (i) the Managers shall, in their capacity as Managers, and not in any other capacity, have the same fiduciary duties to the Company and the Unitholders and Members as members of a board of directors of a Delaware corporation; and (ii) each officer of the Company shall, in his or her capacity as such, and not in any other capacity, have the same fiduciary duties to the Company and the Unitholders and Members as an officer of a Delaware corporation. For the avoidance of doubt, the fiduciary duties described in clause (i) above shall not be limited by the fact that the Board shall be permitted to take certain actions in its sole or reasonable discretion pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or any agreement entered into in connection herewith. 
 
 (c) Board Conflicts . The parties hereto acknowledge that the members of Vivid Seats board of directors will owe fiduciary duties to Vivid Seats and its stockholders. The Board will use commercially reasonable and appropriate efforts and means, as determined in good faith by the Board, to minimize any conflict of interest between the Members, on the one hand, and the stockholders of Vivid Seats, on the other hand, and to effectuate any transaction that involves or affects any of the Company, the Board, the Members and/or the stockholders of Vivid Seats in a manner that does not (i) disadvantage the Members of their interests relative to the stockholders of Vivid Seats or (ii) advantage the stockholders of Vivid Seats relative to the Members or (iii) treat the Members and the stockholders of Vivid Seats differently; provided that in the event of a conflict between the interests of the stockholders of Vivid Seats and the interests of the Members, such Members agree that the Board shall discharge its fiduciary duties to such Members by acting in the best interests of Vivid Seats stockholders. 

(d) Waive r. Any duties and liabilities set forth in this Agreement shall replace those existing at law or in equity and each of the Company,each Member and Unitholder and any other Person bound by this Agreement hereby, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, including Section 18-1101(e) of the Delaware Act, waives the right to make any claim, bring any action or seek any recovery based on any duties or liabilities existing at law or in equity other than any such duties and liabilities set forth in this Agreement. 
 ARTICLE VI EXCULPATION AND INDEMNIFICATION 
 
 Section 6.1 Exculpation . 
 
 (a) Actions in Capacity as a Member or Unitholder . To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and except as otherwise expressly provided herein, no Member, Unitholder (other than the Board, acting in its capacity as such) or its respective Indemnitees shall be liable to the Company, any Member, any Unitholder or any other Person bound by this Agreement as a result of or arising out any action of or omission by such Member or Unitholder solely in its capacity as a Member or Unitholder, except to the extent such Obligations arise out of such Member s (1) material breach of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or (2) bad faith violation of the implied contractual covenant of good faith and fair dealing, in each case as determined by a final judgment, order or decree of an arbitrator or a court of competent jurisdiction (which is not appealable or with respect to which the time for appeal therefrom has expired and no appeal has been perfected). 
 
 (b) Other Actions . To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and except as otherwise expressly provided herein, no Indemnitee shall be liable to the Company, any Member, any Unitholder or any other Person bound by this Agreement as a result of or arising out of the activities of the Indemnitee on behalf of the Company to the extent within the scope of the authority reasonably believed by such Indemnitee to be conferred on such Indemnitee, except to the extent such Indemnitee would not be entitled to exculpation or indemnification pursuant to the articles of incorporation and bylaws of Vivid Seats (as the same may be amended from time to time). 
 
 Section 6.2 Indemnification .To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each of (a) the Managers, (b) the Unitholders and Members and their respective Affiliates, (c) the stockholders, members, managers, directors, officers, partners, employees and agents of the Unitholders, Members and their respective Affiliates, (d) the PR and any designated individual and (e) the officers and directors of Vivid Seats, the Company and each of their Subsidiaries (each,an Indemnitee shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, expenses (including legal fees and expenses), judgments, fines, settlements and other amounts arising from any and all claims, demands, actions, suits or proceedings, civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (collectively, Obligations ), which at any time may be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against, the Indemnitee as a result of or arising out of this Agreement, Vivid Seats, the Company, their respective assets, businesses or affairs, or the activities of the Indemnitee on behalf of Vivid Seats, the Company or any of their Subsidiaries to the extent within the scope of the authority reasonably believed to be conferred on such Indemnitee; provided , however , that, to the extent such Indemnitee is not entitled to exculpation with respect to such Obligations pursuant to Section 6.1 , the Indemnitee shall not be entitled to indemnification for any such Obligations to the extent such Indemnitee would not be entitled to exculpation or indemnification pursuant to the articles of incorporation and bylaws of Vivid Seats (as the same may be amended from time to time); provided further , that, to the extent such Indemnitee is entitled to exculpation with respect to such Obligations pursuant to Section 6.1 , the Indemnitee shall not be entitled to indemnification for any such Obligations to the extent they arise out of such Indemnitee s (1) material breach of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or (2) bad faith violation of the implied contractual covenant of good faith and fair dealing. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere , or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the Indemnitee was not entitled to indemnification hereunder. Any indemnification pursuant to this Section 6.2 shall be made only out of the assets of the Company and no Member shall have any personal liability on account thereof. 

Section 6.3 Expenses . Expenses (including reasonable legal fees and expenses) incurred by an Indemnitee in defending any claim, demand, action, suit or proceeding described in Section 6.2 shall, from time to time, be advanced by the Company prior to the final disposition of such claim, demand, action, suit or proceeding, upon receipt by the Company of an undertaking by or on behalf of the Indemnitee to repay such amount if it shall be determined that the Indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified as provided in Section 6.2 ; provided that such undertaking shall be unsecured and interest free and shall be accepted without regard to an Indemnitee s ability to repay amounts advanced and without regard to an Indemnitee s entitlement to indemnification. 
 
 Section 6.4 Non-Exclusivity; Savings Clause . The indemnification and advancement of expenses set forth in Section 6.2 and Section 6.3 shall not be exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any other agreement, policy of insurance or otherwise. The indemnification and advancement of expenses set forth in Section 6.2 and Section 6.3 shall continue as to an Indemnitee who has ceased to be a named Indemnitee and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors, administrators, successors and permitted assigns of such a Person. If Section 6.1 , Section 6.2 or Section 6.3 or any portion hereof shall be invalidated on any ground by any court of competent jurisdiction, then the Company shall nevertheless exculpate, indemnify and advance expenses each Indemnitee to the fullest extent permitted by any applicable portion of such sections not so invalidated and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. The exculpation, indemnification and advancement of expenses provisions set forth in Section 6.1 , Section 6.2 and Section 6.3 shall be deemed to be a contract between the Company and each of the Persons constituting Indemnitees at any time while such provisions remain in effect, whether or not such Person continues to serve in such capacity and whether or not such Person is a party hereto. In addition, neither Sections 6.1 , Section 6.2 nor Section 6.3 may be retroactively amended to adversely affect the rights of any Indemnitee arising in connection with any acts, omissions, facts or circumstances occurring prior to such amendment. 
 
 Section 6.5 Insurance . The Company may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of the Indemnitees against any liability asserted against them and incurred by them in such capacity, or arising out of their status as Indemnitees, whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify them against such liability under this Article VI . 
 ARTICLE VII 
 ACCOUNTING AND RECORDS; TAX MATTERS 
 
 Section 7.1 Accounting and Records . The books and records of the Company shall be made and maintained, and the financial position and the results of its operations recorded, at the expense of the Company, in accordance with such method of accounting as is determined by the Board. The books and records of the Company shall reflect all Company transactions and shall be made and maintained in a manner that is appropriate and adequate for the Company s business. 
 
 Section 7.2 Preparation of Tax Returns; Administrative Matters . 
 
 (a) The Company shall arrange for the preparation and timely filing of all Tax returns required to be filed by the Company, and making any elections described in Section 7.2(c) . Each Unitholder shall furnish to the Company all pertinent information in its possession relating to the Company s operations that is necessary to enable the Company s income Tax returns to be prepared and filed. 
 
 (b) The Company shall deliver to each Unitholder (A) preliminary information relating to the Company (including a draft Schedule K-1) that is necessary for the preparation of such Unitholder s returns for federal and state income Tax and any other Tax reporting purposes for a Taxable Year no later than February 15 of the following Taxable Year and (B) by February 28 of such following Taxable Year, such final information (including a final Schedule K-1) that is consistent in all respects with the estimates provided pursuant to clause (A), subject to any reasonable comments received from Unitholders owning 5 or more of the outstanding Common Units that are received by February 23 of such following Taxable Year, which the Company shall consider in good faith. Subject to the preceding sentence, for so long as any Unitholder owns 5 or more of the outstanding 
 
 Common Units, the Company shall (i) send a draft of any income tax return of the Company (other than the information and schedules referred to in the preceding sentence) to such Unitholder, at least fifteen (15) days prior to filing, for review and comment, and (ii) consider in good faith all reasonable comments received from such Unitholder at least five (5) days prior to the due date for the filing of any such tax return. 
 
 (c) For so long as any Unitholder owns 5 or more of the outstanding Common Units, the Company shall use reasonable best efforts to provide (or cause to be provided), at the Company s expense, such accounting, tax, legal, insurance and administrative support to such Unitholder and its Affiliates (including with respect to Topco, for the avoidance of doubt, GTCR- Tickets Blocker Acquisition LLC and its Subsidiaries) as such Unitholder may reasonably request. 
 
 Section 7.3 Tax Elections . The Taxable Year shall be the Fiscal Year unless the Board shall determine otherwise. The Board shall determine whether to make or revoke any available election pursuant to the Code. Each Unitholder will upon request supply any information necessary to give proper effect to such election. 
 
 Section 7.4 Tax Controversies . 
 
 (a) Vivid Seats shall be the partnership representative (or PR of the Company for purposes of the Partnership Tax Audit Rules, and, as such, shall be authorized to designate any other Person selected by Vivid Seats as the partnership representative. Each Member, by execution of this Agreement, hereby consents to the appointment of Vivid Seats (or its designee) as the PR as set forth herein and agrees to execute, certify, acknowledge, deliver, swear to, file and record, at the appropriate public offices, such documents as may be necessary or appropriate to evidence such consent and agrees to take, and that the PR is authorized to take (or cause the Company to take), such other actions as may be necessary pursuant to the Partnership Tax Audit Rules to cause such designation. The PR shall be authorized and required to represent the Company (at the Company s expense) in connection with all audits and examinations of the Company s affairs by Tax authorities, including resulting administrative and judicial proceedings, and to expend the Company s funds for professional services and reasonably incurred in connection therewith. In addition, the PR shall have the power and authority to (i) manage, control, settle, challenge, litigate, or prosecute, on behalf of the Company, any administrative proceedings or other action at the Company level with the Internal Revenue Service or any other taxing authority relating to the determination of any item of Company income, gain, loss, deduction, or credit for federal income tax purposes or otherwise relating to the Partnership Tax Audit Rules, and (ii) make any election under the Partnership Tax Audit Rules, and the PR shall have all other rights and powers granted under the Partnership Tax Audit Rules to a PR with respect to the Company and its Members; provided, in each case, that as long as any Unitholder owns 5 or more of the outstanding Common Units, (A) the PR shall notify such Unitholder of, and keep such Unitholder reasonably informed with respect to, any such audits, examinations or resulting proceedings the outcome of which is reasonably expected to affect the tax liabilities of such Unitholder, (B) such Unitholder shall have the right to discuss with the PR, and provide input and comment to the PR regarding, any such audits, examinations or resulting proceedings, and (C) neither the PR nor any designated individual shall settle or compromise any such audits, examinations or resulting proceedings to the extent they relate to issues the resolution of which would reasonably be expected to affect the tax liability of such Unitholder without such Unitholder s consent, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. Each Unitholder agrees to reasonably cooperate with the Company and to do or refrain from doing any or all things reasonably requested by the Company with respect to the conduct of such proceedings. For each Taxable Year in which the PR is an entity, the Company shall appoint the designated individual identified by the PR to act on its behalf in accordance with the applicable Partnership Tax Audit Rules. Promptly following a request of the PR or designated individual, the Company shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, reimburse and indemnify the PR and designated individual for all reasonable expenses, including legal and accounting fees, incurred by the PR and/or designated individual in its capacity as such. 
 
 (b) In the event of an audit by the Internal Revenue Service, or another applicable taxing authority, the PR shall make on a timely basis, to the extent permissible under applicable law, the election provided by Section 
 
 6226(a) of the Partnership Tax Audit Rules to treat a partnership adjustment as an adjustment to be taken into account by each Unitholder in accordance with Section 6226(b) of the Partnership Tax Audit Rules. If the election under Section 6226(a) of the of the Partnership Tax Audit Rules is made, each Unitholder who was a Unitholder of the Company for U.S. federal income tax purposes for the reviewed year (within the meaning of Code Section 6225(d)(1) of the Partnership Tax Audit Rules) shall take such adjustment into account as required under Section 6226(b) of the Partnership Tax Audit Rules and shall be liable for any related tax, interest, penalty, addition to tax, or additional amounts. 
 
 (c) In the event of an audit by the Internal Revenue Service or other applicable taxing authority, if the PR does not or is otherwise unable to make the election provided by Section 6226(a) of the Partnership Tax Audit Rules as noted above, the PR shall allocate the burden of any taxes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any imputed underpayment within the meaning of Section 6225 of the Partnership Tax Audit Rules), penalties, interest and related expenses imposed on the Company pursuant to the Partnership Tax Audit Rules among the Unitholder to whom such amounts are attributable (whether as a result of their status, actions, inactions or otherwise), as reasonably determined by the PR and each Unitholder shall promptly upon request from the Board (and in any event within 5 days of such request) reimburse the Company in full for the entire amount the PR determines to be attributable to such Unitholder; provided that the Company will also be allowed to recover any amount due from such Unitholder pursuant to this sentence from any distribution otherwise payable to such Unitholder pursuant to this Agreement. Solely for purposes of determining the current Unitholder(s) to which any taxes or other amounts are attributable under this provision, references to any Unitholder in this Section 7.4(c) shall include a reference to each Person that previously held the Units currently held by such Unitholder (but only to the extent of such Person s interest in such Units). 
 
 (d) The PR is authorized to, and shall follow principles (to the extent available) similar to those set forth in Section 7.4(a) , Section 7.4(b) and Section 7.4(c) with respect to any audits by state, local, or foreign tax authorities and any tax liabilities that result therefrom. 
 
 (e) This Section 7.4 shall be interpreted to apply to Members and former Members and shall survive the transfer of a Member s Units, the termination of this Agreement, and the termination, dissolution, liquidation and winding up of the Company. 
 ARTICLE VIII 
 TRANSFER OF UNITS; ADMISSION OF NEW MEMBERS 
 
 Section 8.1 Transfer of Units . Other than as provided for below in this Section 8.1 , no Member may sell, assign, transfer, grant a participation in, pledge, hypothecate, encumber or otherwise dispose of (such transaction being herein collectively called a Transfer all or any portion of its Units except with the approval of the Board, which may be granted or withheld in its sole discretion. Without the approval of the Board (but otherwise in compliance with Section 8.1 ), a Member may, at any time, (a) Transfer any portion of such Member s Units pursuant to Article IX , and (b) Transfer any portion of such Member s Units to a Permitted Transferee of such Member. Any Transfer of Units to a Permitted Transferee of such Member by a Member which also holds Class B Common Stock must be accompanied by the transfer of a corresponding number of shares of Class B Common Stock (determined based upon the Exchange Rate then in effect) to such Permitted Transferee. Any purported Transfer of all or a portion of a Member s Units not complying with this Section 8.1 shall be void and shall not create any obligation on the part of the Company or the other Members to recognize that purported Transfer or to recognize the Person to which the Transfer purportedly was made as a Member. A Person acquiring a Member s Units pursuant to this Section 8.1 shall not be admitted as a Substituted Member or an Additional Member except in accordance with the requirements of Section 8.2 , but such Person shall, to the extent of the Units transferred to it, be entitled to such Member s (i) share of Distributions, (ii) share of Profits and Losses and (iii) Capital Account in accordance with Section 3.5 . Notwithstanding anything in this Section 8.1 or elsewhere in this Agreement to the contrary, if a Member Transfers all or any portion of its Units after the designation of a record date and declaration of a Distribution pursuant to Section 4.1 and before the payment date of such distribution, the transferring Member (and not the Person acquiring all or any portion of its Units) shall be entitled 
 
 to receive such Distribution in respect of such transferred Units. Notwithstanding the foregoing, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, including in Sections 3.2 , 3.3 and 3.13 and Article IX , Vivid Seats may not Transfer all or any part of its Units without the consent of the Members (other than Vivid Seats) holding at least a majority of the aggregate Common Units then outstanding and held by such Members. 
 
 Section 8.2 Recognition of Transfer; Substituted and Additional Members . 
 
 (a) No direct or indirect Transfer of all or any portion of a Member s Units may be made, and no purchaser, assignee, transferee or other recipient of all or any part of such Units shall be admitted to the Company as a Substituted Member or Additional Member hereunder, unless: 
 
 (i) the provisions of Section 8.1 shall have been complied with; 
 
 (ii) in the case of a proposed Substituted Member or Additional Member that is (A) a competitor or potential competitor of Vivid Seats or the Company or their respective Subsidiaries, (B) a Person with whom Vivid Seats or the Company or their respective Subsidiaries has had or is expected to have a material commercial or financial relationship or (C) likely to subject Vivid Seats or the Company or their respective Subsidiaries to any material legal or regulatory requirement or obligation, or materially increase the burden thereof, in each case as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, the admission of the purchaser, assignee, transferee or other recipient as a Substituted Member or Additional Member shall have been approved by the Board; 
 
 (iii) the Board shall have been furnished with the documents effecting such Transfer, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Board, executed and acknowledged by both the seller, assignor or transferor and the purchaser, assignee, transferee or other recipient, and the Board shall have executed (and the Board hereby agrees to execute) any other documents on behalf of itself and the Members required to effect the Transfer; 
 
 (iv) the provisions of Section 8.2(b) shall have been complied with; 
 
 (v) the Board shall be reasonably satisfied that such Transfer will not (A) result in a violation of the Securities Act or any other applicable law; or (B) cause an assignment under the Investment Company Act; 
 
 (vi) such Transfer would not cause the Company to be treated as a publicly traded partnership within the meaning of Section 7704 of the Code or any other association taxable as a corporation for federal income tax purposes and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, such Transfer shall not be effected on or through an established securities market or a secondary market or the substantial equivalent thereof, as such terms are used in Treas. Reg. 1.7704-1; 
 
 (vii) the Board shall have received the opinion of counsel, if any, required by Section 8.2(c) in connection with such Transfer; and 
 
 (viii) all necessary instruments reflecting such Transfer and/or admission shall have been filed in each jurisdiction in which such filing is necessary in order to qualify the Company to conduct business or to preserve the limited liability of the Members. 
 
 (b) Each Substituted Member and Additional Member shall be bound by all of the provisions of this Agreement. Each Substituted Member and Additional Member, as a condition to its admission as a Member, shall execute and acknowledge such instruments (including a counterpart of this Agreement or a joinder agreement in customary form), in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Board, as the Board reasonably deems necessary or desirable to effectuate such admission and to confirm the agreement of such Substituted Member or Additional Member to be bound by all the terms and provisions of this Agreement with respect to the Units acquired by such Substituted Member or Additional Member. The admission of a Substituted Member or Additional Member shall not require the consent of any Member (but shall require the consent of the Board, if 
 
 and to the extent such consent of the Board is expressly required by this Article VIII ). As promptly as practicable after the admission of a Substituted Member or Additional Member, the Unit Ownership Ledger and other books and records of the Company shall be changed to reflect such admission. 
 
 (c) As a further condition to any Transfer of all or any part of a Member s Units, the Board may, in its discretion, require a written opinion of counsel to the transferring Member reasonably satisfactory to the Board, obtained at the sole expense of the transferring Member, reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Board, as to such matters as are customary and appropriate in transactions of this type, including, without limitation (or, in the case of any Transfer made to a Permitted Transferee, limited to an opinion) to the effect that such Transfer will not result in a violation of the registration or other requirements of the Securities Act or any other federal or state securities laws. No such opinion, however, shall be required in connection with a Transfer made pursuant to Article IX . 
 
 Section 8.3 Expense of Transfer; Indemnification . All reasonable costs and expenses incurred by the Board and the Company in connection with any Transfer of a Member s Units, including any filing and recording costs and the reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel for the Company, shall be paid by the transferring Member. In addition, the transferring Member hereby indemnifies the Board and the Company against any losses, claims, damages or liabilities to which the Board, the Company, or any of their Affiliates may become subject arising out of or based upon any false representation or warranty made by, or breach or failure to comply with any covenant or agreement of, such transferring Member or such transferee in connection with such Transfer. 
 ARTICLE IX REDEMPTION; EXCHANGE 
 
 Section 9.1 Redemption of Common Units . 
 
 (a) Elective Redemption . 
 
 (i) From and after the First Redemption Time, each Member (other than Vivid Seats and its Subsidiaries) shall be entitled, upon the terms and subject to the conditions hereof, to cause the Company to redeem its Redeemable Units in whole or in part, in each case, relating to a corresponding number of shares of Class B Common Stock after taking into account the Exchange Rate (in each case, free and clear of all Liens) of such Member, in exchange for the delivery to the Member (or its designee) of either, at the option of the Board, (x) a number of shares of Class A Common Stock that is equal to the product of the applicable Redeemed Unit Amount multiplied by the Exchange Rate or (y) solely in connection with a Redemption (including a Change of Control Redemption) that coincides with a substantially concurrent public offering or private sale of Class A Common Stock, the applicable Cash Payment. Any redemption of Redeemable Units for Class A Common Stock or the Cash Payment, as applicable, is defined herein as a Redemption. Subject to Section 9.1(a)(ii) , after the First Redemption Time, each Member (other than Vivid Seats and its Subsidiaries) may elect to cause the Company to redeem Redeemable Units at any time and from time to time in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, but a Unitholder may not cause a Redemption more than once per Fiscal Quarter without the prior consent of Vivid Seats. The minimum number of Redeemable Units (and corresponding number of shares of Class B Common Stock after taking into account the Exchange Rate, if any) that may be redeemed by any Member shall be the lesser of (1) 20,000 and (2) all of the Redeemable Units (and corresponding number of shares of Class B Common Stock taking into account the Exchange Rate, if any) then held by such Member and its Affiliates. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Company shall not, nor shall Vivid Seats pursuant to Section 9.1(f) , effectuate a Cash Payment pursuant to this Section 9.1(a) or Section 9.1(b) unless(A) Vivid Seats determines to consummate a private sale or public offering of Class A Common Stock on, or not later than five (5) Business Days after, the relevant Redemption Date and (B) Vivid Seats contributes sufficient proceeds from such private sale or public offering to the Company for payment by the Company of the applicable Cash Payment. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company shall have no obligation to make a Cash Payment that exceeds the cash contributed to the Company by Vivid Seats from Vivid Seats offering or sales of Class A Common Stock referenced earlier in this Section 9.1(a)(i) . 

(ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Company shall not, nor shall Vivid Seats pursuant to Section 9.1(f) , be obligated to effectuate a Redemption of Redeemable Units as set forth in this Section 9.1(a) ,and the Company shall have the right to refuse to honor any request for such a Redemption, if at any time Vivid Seats or the Company determines based on the advice of counsel that such Redemption would be prohibited by law or regulation (including, without limitation, the unavailability of a registration of such Redemption under the Securities Act, or an exemption from the registration requirements thereof). Upon such determination, Vivid Seats or the Company (as applicable) shall notify the Member requesting such Redemption, which such notice shall include an explanation in reasonable detail as to the reason that the Redemption request has not been honored. 
 
 (iii) A Member shall exercise its right to cause the Company to effectuate a Redemption of Redeemable Units, as set forth in this Section 9.1(a) by delivering to the Company, with a contemporaneous copy delivered to Vivid Seats, during normal business hours, (A) a written election of redemption in respect of the Redeemable Units to be redeemed substantially in the form of Exhibit A hereto (a Redemption Notice ), duly executed by such Member; (B) any certificates in such Member s possession representing such Redeemable Units, (C) any stock certificates in such Member s possession representing the corresponding number of shares of Class B Common Stock to be retired in connection with such Redemption, in accordance with Section 4.04(b) of the Vivid Seats certificate of incorporation and (D) if Vivid Seats, the Company or any redeeming Subsidiary requires the delivery of the certification contemplated by Section 9.4(b) , such certification or written notice from such Member that it is unable to provide such certification. Unless such Member timely has delivered a Retraction Notice pursuant to Section 9.1(a)(vi) ,a Redemption pursuant to this Section 9.1(a) shall be effected on the fifth (5 th Business Day following the Business Day on which Vivid Seats and the Company have received the items specified in clauses (A)-(D) of the first sentence of this Section 9.1(a)(iii) or such later date that is a Business Day specified in the Redemption Notice (such Business Day, the Redemption Date ); provided , that the Company may establish alternate exchange procedures as necessary in order to facilitate the establishment by such Member of a trading plan meeting the requirements of Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act. On the Redemption Date, all rights of such Member as a holder of the Redeemable Units (and the corresponding number of shares of Class B Common Stock to be cancelled) that are subject to the Redemption shall cease, and unless the Company has elected Cash Payment, such Member (or its designee) shall be treated for all purposes as having become the record holder of the shares of Class A Common Stock to be received by such Member in respect of such Redemption. 
 
 (iv) Within two (2) Business Days following the Business Day on which Vivid Seats and the Company have received the Redemption Notice, the Company shall give written notice (the Contribution Notice to such Member of its intended settlement method; provided that if the Company does not timely deliver a Contribution Notice, the Company shall be deemed to have not elected the Cash Payment method. 
 
 (v) The Member may specify, in an applicable Redemption Notice, that the Redemption is to be contingent (including as to timing) upon the occurrence of any transaction or event, including the consummation of a purchase by another Person (whether in a tender or exchange offer, an underwritten offering, Change of Control transaction or otherwise) of shares of Class A Common Stock or any merger, consolidation or other business combination. 
 
 (vi) A Member may withdraw or amend its Redemption Notice, in whole or in part, at any time prior to 5:00 p.m. New York, New York time, on the Business Day immediately prior to the Redemption Date by giving written notice (a Retraction Notice to the Company (with a copy to Vivid Seats) specifying (in each case, subject to the requirements set forth in Section 9.1(a)((i)) (A) the number of withdrawn Redeemable Units, (B) the number of Redeemable Units (and corresponding number of shares of Class B Common Stock after taking into account the Exchange Rate) as to which the Redemption Notice remains in effect, if any, and (C) if the Member so determines, a new Redemption Date or any other new or revised information permitted in the Redemption Notice. 
 
 (b) Change of Control . In connection with a Change of Control, and subject to any approval of the Change of Control by the holders of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock that may be required: 

(i) Vivid Seats shall have the right to require each Member (other than Vivid Seats and its Subsidiaries) to effectuate a Redemption by the Company of some or all of such Member s Redeemable Units, relating to a corresponding number of shares of Class B Common Stock after taking into account the Exchange Rate (in each case, free and clear of all Liens) of such Member, in each case, in exchange for the delivery to such Member (or its designee) of a number of shares of Class A Common Stock that is equal to the product of the applicable Redeemed Unit Amount and the Exchange Rate (such Redemption, a Change of Control Redemption ); provided that, if Vivid Seats elects to require such Member to redeem less than all of its outstanding Redeemable Units (and the corresponding number of shares of Class B Common Stock after taking into account the Exchange Rate), such Member s participation in the required Redemption shall be reduced pro rata based on ownership of Redeemable Units. For the avoidance of doubt,any 
 Redeemable Units that are not redeemed pursuant to a Change of Control Redemption may be caused to be redeemed by the Member after the Change of Control transaction pursuant to Section 9.1(a) subject to and in accordance with the terms thereof. 
 
 (ii) The election of Vivid Seats pursuant to this Section 9.1(b) shall be at the sole discretion of Vivid Seats upon the approval thereof by a majority of the Board of Directors of Vivid Seats. 
 
 (iii) Any Redemption pursuant to this Section 9.1(b) shall be effective immediately prior to the consummation of the Change of Control (and, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not be effective if such Change of Control is not consummated) (the Change of Control Redemption Date ). From and after the Change of Control Redemption Date, such Member shall cease to have any rights with respect to the Redeemable Units (and the corresponding number of shares of Class B Common Stock to be cancelled) that are subject to the Redemption pursuant to this Section 9.1(b) (other than the right to receive shares of Class A Common Stock pursuant to Section 9.1(b)(i) upon compliance with its obligations under Section 9.1(c) ). 
 
 (iv) Vivid Seats shall provide written notice of an expected Change of Control to each Member within the earlier of (x) five (5) Business Days following the execution of the agreement with respect to such Change of Control and (y) ten (10) Business Days before the proposed date upon which the contemplated Change of Control is to be effected, indicating in such notice such information as may reasonably describe the Change of Control transaction, subject to applicable law, including the date of execution of such agreement or such proposed effective date, as applicable, the amount and types of consideration to be paid for Redeemable Units and shares of Class B Common Stock or shares of Class A Common Stock, as applicable, in the Change of Control (which consideration shall be equivalent whether paid for Redeemable Units and shares of Class B Common Stock or shares of Class A Common Stock), any election with respect to types of consideration that a holder of Redeemable Units and shares of Class B Common Stock or shares of Class A Common Stock, as applicable, shall be entitled to make in connection with the Change of Control, the percentage of total Redeemable Units and shares of Class B Common Stock or shares of Class A Common Stock, as applicable, to be transferred to the acquirer by all shareholders in the Change of Control, and the number of Redeemable Units and shares of Class B Common Stock held by each Member that Vivid Seats intends to require to be redeemed for shares of Class A Common Stock in connection with the Change of Control. Vivid Seats shall update such notice from time to time to reflect any material changes to such notice. Vivid Seats may satisfy any such notice and update requirements described in the preceding two sentences by providing such information on a Form 8-K, Schedule TO, Schedule 14D-9, Preliminary Merger Proxy on Schedule 14A, Definitive Merger Proxy on Schedule 14A or similar form filed with the SEC. 
 
 (c) Redemption Procedure on Change of Control Redemption . On or prior to the Change of Control Redemption Date, each Member shall deliver to Vivid Seats and the Company, during normal business hours at the principal executive offices of Vivid Seats and the Company, respectively: (A) a Redemption Notice, duly executed by such Member, (B) any certificates in such Member possession representing the Redeemable Units being surrendered by such Member, 
 
 (C) any stock certificates in such Member s possession representing the corresponding number of shares of Class B Common Stock to be retired in connection with such Redemption, in accordance with Section 4.04(b) of Vivid Seats certificate of incorporation and (D) if Vivid Seats, the Company or any redeeming Subsidiary requires the delivery of the certification contemplated by Section 9.4(b) , such certification or written notice from such Member that it is unable to provide such certification. 
 
 (d) Redemption Consideration . As promptly as practicable on or after the Redemption Date or Change of Control Redemption Date, as applicable, provided the Member has satisfied its obligations under Section 9.1(a)(iii) or Section 9.1(c) , as applicable, the Company or Vivid Seats shall deliver or cause to be delivered to such Member (or its designee), either certificates or evidence of book-entry shares representing the number of shares of Class A Common Stock deliverable upon the applicable Redemption, registered in the name of such Member (or its designee) or, if the Company has so elected, the Cash Payment. Notwithstanding anything set forth in this Section 9.1(d) to the contrary, to the extent the Class A Common Stock issued in the Redemption will be settled through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company, the Company or Vivid Seats will, upon the written instruction of such Member, deliver the shares of Class A Common Stock deliverable to such Member through the facilities of The Depository Trust Company to the account of the participant of The Depository Trust Company designated by such Member in the Exchange Election Notice. Upon the Member exercising its Redemption right in accordance with Section 9.1(a)(i) or the occurrence of a Change of Control Redemption, the Company or Vivid Seats shall take such actions as (A)may be required to ensure that the Member receives the shares of Class A Common Stock or the Cash Payment that such member is entitled to receive in connection with such Redemption pursuant to this Section 9.1 ,and (B) may be reasonably within its control that would cause such Redemption to be treated for purposes of the Tax Receivable Agreement as an Exchange under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 
 (e) Contribution by Vivid Seats . In connection with any Redemption by the Company, Vivid Seats shall contribute to the Company the shares of Class A Common Stock or Cash Payment that the Member is entitled to receive in such Redemption. Unless such Member has timely delivered a Retraction Notice as provided in Section 9.1(a)(vi) ,on the Redemption Date (to be effective immediately prior to the close of business on the Redemption Date) (i) Vivid Seats shall make a capital contribution to the Company (in the form of the shares of Class A Common Stock or the Cash Payment that such Member is entitled to receive in such Redemption) required under this Section 9.1(e) , (ii) the Company shall transfer such shares of Class A Common Stock or Cash Payment to such Member in redemption of such Member s Units in the Company, and (iii) in the case of a Redemption for Class A Common Stock and/or the Cash Payment (as applicable), the Company shall issue to Vivid Seats a number of Common Units equal to the Redeemed Unit Amount surrendered by such Member. 
 
 (f) Direct Exchange Right of Vivid Seats . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Vivid Seats may, in its sole discretion, elect to effect, on the Redemption Date, the exchange of Redeemable Units for Class A Common Stock and/or the Cash Payment (as applicable) through a direct exchange of such Redeemable Units for Class A Common Stock and/or the Cash Payment (as applicable) between the Member, on the one hand, and Vivid Seats (and/or,if designated by Vivid Seats, one or more of its Subsidiaries), on the other hand (a Direct Exchange (rather than contributing the Class A Common Stock and/or the Cash Payment (as applicable) to the Company for purposes of the Company redeeming the Redeemable Units in accordance with this Article IX) . The applicable provisions of this Article IX shall apply to such Direct Exchange, mutatis mutandis , with Vivid Seats (and/or one or more of its Subsidiaries) directly acquiring the Redeemable Units, in lieu of the Company, and otherwise discharging the obligations of the Company with respect to delivery of Class A Common Stock and/or the Cash Payment (as applicable) to which the Member is entitled. Vivid Seats may, at any time prior to a Redemption Date (including after delivery of an Election Notice), deliver written notice (an Exchange Election Notice to the Company and the redeeming Member setting forth its election to exercise its right to consummate a Direct Exchange; provided , that such election is subject to the limitations set forth in this Article IX and does not unreasonably prejudice the ability of the parties to consummate a Redemption or Direct Exchange on the Redemption Date. An Exchange Election Notice may be revoked by Vivid Seats at any time; 
 
 provided , that any such revocation does not unreasonably prejudice the ability of the parties to consummate a Redemption or Direct Exchange on the Redemption Date. The right to consummate a Direct Exchange in all events shall be exercisable only for all (and not less than all) of the Redeemable Units that would have otherwise been subject to a Redemption. 
 
 (g) Legends . 
 
 (i) The shares of Class A Common Stock issued upon a Redemption or Direct Exchange, other than any such shares issued in a Redemption or Direct Exchange subject to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act, shall bear a legend in substantially the following form: 
 
 THE TRANSFER OF THESE SECURITIES HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED, OR UNDER THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY OTHER JURISDICTION, AND MAY NOT BE SOLD OR TRANSFERRED OTHER THAN IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (OR OTHER APPLICABLE LAW), OR AN EXEMPTION THEREFROM. 
 
 (ii) If (A) any shares of Class A Common Stock have been sold pursuant to a registration statement that has been declared effective by the SEC, (B) all of the applicable conditions of Rule 144 are met, or (C) the legend (or a portion thereof) otherwise ceases to be applicable, Vivid Seats, upon the written request of the holder thereof, shall promptly provide such holder or its respective transferees with new certificates (or evidence of book- entry share) for securities of like tenor not bearing the provisions of the legend with respect to which the restriction has terminated. In connection therewith, such holder shall provide Vivid Seats with such information in its possession as Vivid Seats may reasonably request(which may include an opinion of counsel reasonably acceptable to Vivid Seats) in connection with the removal of any such legend. 
 
 (h) Cancellation of Class B Common Stock . Any shares of Class B Common Stock surrendered in a Redemption or Direct Exchange shall automatically be deemed cancelled without any action on the part of any Person, including Vivid Seats. Any such cancelled shares of Class B 
 Common Stock shall no longer be outstanding, and all rights with respect to such shares shall automatically cease and terminate. 
 
 (i) Expenses . Except as otherwise agreed, Vivid Seats, the Company, any exchanging Subsidiary and the redeeming Member shall bear their own expenses in connection with the consummation of any Redemption or Direct Exchange, whether or not any such Redemption or Direct Exchange is ultimately consummated, except that Vivid Seats shall bear any transfer taxes, stamp taxes or duties, or other similar taxes in connection with, or arising by reason of, any Redemption or Direct Exchange; provided , however , that if any shares of Class A Common Stock are to be delivered in a name other than that of the Member (or The Depository Trust Company or its nominee for the account of a participant of The Depository Trust Company that will hold the shares for the account of such Member) or the Cash Payment is to be paid to a Person other than the Member, then such Member or the Person in whose name such shares are to be delivered or to whom the Cash Payment is to be paid shall pay to Vivid Seats the amount of any transfer taxes, stamp taxes or duties, or other similar taxes in connection with, or arising by reason of, such Redemption or Direct Exchange or shall establish to the reasonable satisfaction of Vivid Seats that such tax has been paid or is not payable. 
 
 Section 9.2 Adjustments . The Exchange Rate shall be adjusted accordingly if there is: (a) any subdivision (by any stock or unit split, stock or unit dividend or distribution, reclassification, reorganization, recapitalization or otherwise) or combination (by reverse stock or unit split, reclassification, reorganization, recapitalization or otherwise) of the shares of Class B Common Stock or Common Units that is not accompanied by a substantively identical subdivision or combination of Class A Common Stock; or (b) any subdivision (by any stock or unit split, stock or unit dividend or distribution, reclassification, reorganization, recapitalization or otherwise) or 
 
 combination (by reverse stock or unit split, reclassification, reorganization, recapitalization or otherwise) of the shares of Class A Common Stock that is not accompanied by a substantively identical subdivision or combination of the shares of Class B Common Stock or Common Units. To the extent not reflected in an adjustment to the Exchange Rate, if there is any reclassification, reorganization, recapitalization or other similar transaction in which the Class A Common Stock is converted or changed or exchanged into or for another security, securities or other property, then upon any subsequent Redemption, the Member shall be entitled to receive the amount of such security, securities or other property that such Member would have received if such Redemption had occurred immediately prior to the effective date of such reclassification, reorganization, recapitalization or other similar transaction, taking into account any adjustment as a result of any subdivision (by any split, distribution or dividend, reclassification, reorganization, recapitalization or otherwise) or combination (by reverse split, reclassification, recapitalization or otherwise) of such security, securities or other property that occurs after the effective time of such reclassification, reorganization, recapitalization or other similar transaction. For the avoidance of doubt, if there is any reclassification, reorganization, recapitalization or other similar transaction in which the Class A Common Stock is converted or changed or exchanged into or for another security, securities or other property, this Section 9.2 shall continue to be applicable, mutatis mutandis , with respect to such security or other property. 
 
 Section 9.3 Class A Common Stock to be Issued . 
 
 (a) Vivid Seats shall at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued Class A Common Stock, solely for the purpose of issuance upon a Redemption or Direct Exchange, such number of shares of Class A Common Stock as shall be sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding Common Units; provided , however , that nothing contained herein shall be construed to preclude Vivid Seats from satisfying its obligations in respect of any such Redemption or Direct Exchange by delivery of unencumbered purchased shares of Class A Common Stock (which may or may not be held in the treasury of Vivid Seats or any subsidiary thereof). 
 
 (b) Vivid Seats has taken and will take all such steps as may be required to cause to qualify for exemption under Rule 16b-3(d) or (e), as applicable, under the Exchange Act, and be exempt for purposes of Section 16(b) under the Exchange Act, any acquisitions or dispositions of equity securities of Vivid Seats (including derivative securities with respect thereto) and any securities that may be deemed to be equity securities or derivative securities of Vivid Seats for such purposes that result from the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, by each director or officer of Vivid Seats (including directors-by-deputization) who may reasonably be expected to be subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act with respect to Vivid Seats upon the registration of any class of equity security of Vivid Seats pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act (with the authorizing resolutions specifying the name of each such officer or director whose acquisition or disposition of securities is to be exempted and the number of securities that may be acquired and disposed of by each such Person pursuant to this Agreement). 
 
 (c) If any Takeover Law or other similar law or regulation becomes or is deemed to become applicable to this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated hereby, Vivid Seats shall use its reasonable best efforts to render such law or regulation inapplicable to all of the foregoing. 
 
 (d) Vivid Seats covenants that all shares of Class A Common Stock issued upon a Redemption or Direct Exchange will, upon issuance, be validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and not subject to any preemptive, participation or similar right of stockholders to subscribe for or acquire equity interests of Vivid Seats or to any right of first refusal or other right in favor of any Person. 
 
 Section 9.4 Withholding; Certification of Non-Foreign Status . 
 
 (a) If Vivid Seats or the Company shall be required to withhold any amounts by reason of any U.S. federal, state, local or foreign tax rules or regulations in respect of any Redemption or Direct Exchange, Vivid Seats or the Company, as the case may be, shall be entitled to take such action as it deems appropriate in order to ensure 
 
 compliance with such withholding requirements, including, at its option, withholding shares of Class A Common Stock with a fair market value equal to the minimum amount of any taxes that Vivid Seats or the Company, as the case may be, may be required to withhold with respect to such Redemption or Direct Exchange. To the extent that amounts are (or property is) so withheld and paid over to the appropriate taxing authority, such withheld amounts (or property) shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid (or delivered) to the Member. 
 
 (b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, each of Vivid Seats and the Company may, in its discretion, require that a Member deliver to Vivid Seats or the Company, as the case may be, a duly completed and executed IRS Form W-9) (or other withholding form or certification) prior to a Redemption or Direct Exchange. In the event Vivid Seats or the Company has required delivery of such form or certification but such Member does not provide such form or certification, Vivid Seats or the Company, as the case may be, shall nevertheless deliver or cause to be delivered to such Member the Class A Common Stock or the Cash Payment in accordance with Section 9.1 , but subject to withholding as provided in Section 9.4(a) . 
 
 Section 9.5 Tax Treatment . Unless otherwise required by applicable law, the parties hereto acknowledge and agree that any Redemption or Direct Exchange with the Company or Vivid Seats shall be treated as a direct exchange between Vivid Seats and such Member for U.S. federal and applicable state and local income tax purposes. The parties hereto intend to treat any Redemption or Direct Exchange consummated hereunder as a taxable sale of the Redeemable Units and Class B Common Stock (if any) by the Member to Vivid Seats for U.S. federal and applicable state and local income tax purposes except as otherwise mutually agreed to in writing by such Member and Vivid Seats and no party hereto shall take a position inconsistent with such intended tax treatment on any tax return, amendment thereof or any other communication with a taxing authority, in each case unless otherwise required by a determination within the meaning of Section 1313 of the Code. 
 
 Section 9.6 PTP Tax Consequences . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, if the Board, after consultation with its outside legal counsel and tax advisor, determines in good faith that interests in the Company do not meet the requirements of Treasury Regulation Section 1.7704-1(h) (or other provisions of those Regulations as determined by the Board in its sole discretion) or that any Transfer, Redemption or Direct Exchange could (as determined in the reasonable discretion of the Board exercised in good faith) cause the Company to be treated as a publicly traded partnership under Section 7704 of the Code, the Company may impose such restrictions on such Transfers, Redemptions, and/or Direct Exchanges) as the Company may reasonably determine to be necessary or advisable so that the Company is not treated as a publicly traded partnership under Section 7704 of the Code. 
 
 Section 9.7 Distributions . No Redemption or Direct Exchange will impair the right of a Member to receive any distribution for periods ending on or prior to the Redemption Date for such Redemption or Direct Exchange (but for which payment had not yet been made with respect to the Redeemable Units in question at the time the Redemption or Direct Exchange is consummated); provided that, for purposes of this Section 9.7 , a Member s right to receive its pro rata portion of any distribution by the Company in respect of such periods shall not be deemed impaired to the extent that the Company has not paid Vivid Seats its pro rata portion of such distribution prior to the consummation of the applicable Redemption or Direct Exchange. 
 
 Section 9.8 Blocker Merger Transaction Cooperation . From and after the First Redemption Time, if requested by any holder of Redeemable Units, the Board and the Company shall work together in good faith with any such requesting Unitholder to structure a transaction that provides for such Unitholder(or an Affiliate thereof) to, in lieu of exercising exchange rights applicable to all or a portion of the Redeemable Units held (directly or indirectly) by such Unitholder, cause an entity (a Blocker Corporation that (i) is classified as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (ii) has no material assets other than Redeemable Units, (iii) has no liabilities other than any liabilities directly relating to the Redeemable Units held by such corporation, (iv) does not have, and has never engaged in, any activities other than holding Redeemable Units,and (v) was formed sufficiently in advance of the Blocker Merger Transaction (as defined below), to be merged with and into Vivid Seats or with 
 
 or into one or more Subsidiaries of Vivid Seats that is treated as a corporation or an entity that is disregarded as separate from Vivid Seats for U.S. federal income tax purposes (any such merger, or any substantially similar transaction pursuant to which the equityholder of the Blocker Corporation receives Common Stock in exchange for all of the interests in the Blocker Corporation, a Blocker Merger Transaction ). Such Unitholder shall notify the Board and the Company in writing of any request by the Unitholder to implement a Blocker Merger Transaction, and the Board, the Company and the applicable Unitholder shall work together to structure any such Blocker Merger Transaction in a manner that qualifies as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code and shall work together in good faith to draft definitive documentation with respect to any such Blocker Merger Transaction. Such definitive documentation shall (A) include customary representations and customary indemnification, including customary indemnification with respect to any taxes of or with respect to the Blocker Corporation, (B) provide for the rights, if any, the Unitholder may have under the Tax Receivable Agreement following any such Blocker Merger Transaction, and (C) require that the equityholders of such Blocker Corporation shall bear all costs and expenses (excluding Taxes except to the extent provided in clause (A)) in connection with such Blocker Merger Transaction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall any Blocker Merger Transaction be required if such Blocker Merger Transaction would reasonably be expected to result in adverse tax consequences to the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, Vivid Seats or any Subsidiary thereof, or any other Unitholder. 
 ARTICLE X 
 RESIGNATION OF UNITHOLDERS 
 
 Section 10.1 Resignation of Unitholders . No Unitholder shall have the power or right to resign from the Company prior to the dissolution and winding up of the Company pursuant to Article XI , without the prior written consent of the Board (which consent may be withheld by the Board in its sole discretion), except as otherwise expressly permitted by this Agreement. Upon a Transfer of all of a Unitholder s Units in a Transfer permitted by this Agreement, and (if applicable) the Equity Agreements, such Unitholder shall cease to be a Unitholder. Notwithstanding that payment on account of a resignation may be made after the effective time of such resignation, any completely resigning Unitholder will not be considered a Unitholder for any purpose after the effective time of such complete resignation, and, in the case of a partial resignation, such Unitholder s Capital Account (and corresponding voting and other rights) shall be reduced for all other purposes hereunder upon the effective time of such partial resignation. 
 ARTICLE XI DISSOLUTION AND LIQUIDATION 
 
 Section 11.1 Dissolution . The Company shall not be dissolved by the admission of Additional Members or Substituted Members. The Company shall dissolve, and its affairs shall be wound up upon the first of the following to occur: 
 
 (a) at the election of the Board; 
 
 (b) the termination of the legal existence of the last remaining member of the Company or the occurrence of any other event which terminates the continued membership of the last remaining member of the Company in the Company unless the Company is continued without dissolution in a manner permitted by this Agreement or the Delaware Act; or 
 
 (c) the entry of a decree of judicial dissolution of the Company under Section 18-802 of the Delaware Act. 
 
 Except as otherwise set forth in this Article XI the Company is intended to have perpetual existence. An Event of Withdrawal, in and of itself, shall not cause a dissolution of the Company and the Company shall continue in existence subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Bankruptcy (as defined in Sections 18-101(1) and 18-304 of the Delaware Act) shall not cause a Member to cease to be a member of the Company. 
 
 Section 11.2 Liquidation and Termination . On the dissolution of the Company, the Board shall act as liquidator or may appoint one or more representatives, Members or other Persons as liquidator(s). The liquidators 
 
 shall proceed diligently to wind up the affairs of the Company and make final distributions as provided herein and in the Delaware Act. The costs of liquidation shall be borne as the Company s expense. Until final distribution, the liquidators shall continue to operate the Company properties with all of the power and authority of the Board. The steps to be accomplished by the liquidators are as follows: 
 
 (a) In accordance with Section 18-804 of the Delaware Act, the liquidators shall pay, satisfy or discharge from the Company s funds all of the debts, liabilities and obligations of the Company (including all expenses incurred in liquidation) or otherwise make adequate provision for payment and discharge thereof (including the establishment of a cash fund for contingent liabilities in such amount and for such term as the liquidators may reasonably determine). 
 
 (b) After satisfaction of all liabilities of the Company in accordance with Section 11.2(a) above, the liquidators shall (i) determine the Fair Market Value (the Liquidation FMV of the Company s remaining assets (the Liquidation Assets in accordance with Article XI hereof, (ii) determine the amounts to be distributed to each Unitholder in accordance with Section 4.1 , and (iii) deliver to each Unitholder a statement (the Liquidation Statement setting forth the Liquidation FMV and the amounts and recipients of such Distributions, which Liquidation Statement shall be final and binding on all Unitholders. 
 
 (c) As soon as the Liquidation FMV and the proper amounts of Distributions have been determined in accordance with Section 11.2(b) above, the liquidators shall promptly distribute the Company s Liquidation Assets to the holders of Units in accordance with Section 4.1(b) above. In making such distributions, the liquidators shall allocate each type of Liquidation Assets (i.e.,cash or cash equivalents, preferred or common equity securities, etc.) among the Unitholders ratably based upon the aggregate amounts to be distributed with respect to the Units held by each such holder; provided that the liquidators may allocate each type of Liquidation Assets so as to give effect to and take into account the relative priorities of the different Units; provided further that, in the event that any securities are part of the Liquidation Assets, each Unitholder that is not an accredited investor as such term is defined under the Securities Act may, in the sole discretion of the Board, receive, and hereby agrees to accept, in lieu of such securities, cash consideration with an equivalent value to such securities as determined by the Board. Any non-cash Liquidation Assets will first be written up or down to their Fair Market Value, thus creating Profit or Loss (if any), which shall be allocated in accordance with Section 4.2 and Section 4.3 . If any Unitholder s Capital Account is not equal to the amount to be distributed to such Unitholder pursuant to Section 11.2(b) , Profits and Losses for the Fiscal Year in which the Company is wound up shall be allocated among the Unitholders in such a manner as to cause, to the extent possible, each Unitholder s Capital Account to be equal to the amount to be distributed to such Unitholder pursuant to Section 11.2(b) . The distribution of cash and/or property to a Unitholder in accordance with the provisions of this Section 11.2(b) constitutes a complete return to the Unitholder of its Capital Contributions and a complete distribution to the Unitholder of its interest in the Company and all the Company property and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, constitutes a compromise to which all Unitholders have consented within the meaning of the Delaware Act. To the extent that a Unitholder returns funds to the Company, to the fullest extent permitted by law, it has no claim against any other Unitholder for those funds. 
 
 Section 11.3 Securityholders Agreement . To the extent that Units or other Equity Securities of any Subsidiary are distributed to any Unitholders and unless otherwise agreed to by the Board, such Unitholders hereby agree to enter into a securityholders agreement with such Subsidiary and each other Unitholder which contains rights and restrictions in form and substance similar to the provisions and restrictions set forth herein (including in Article VIII ). 
 
 Section 11.4 Cancellation of Certificate . On completion of the distribution of the Company s assets as provided herein, the Board (or such other Person or Persons as the Delaware Act may require or permit) shall file a certificate of cancellation with the Secretary of State of Delaware, cancel any other filings made pursuant to this Agreement that are or should be canceled and take such other actions as may be necessary to terminate the Company, and upon the filing of the certificate of cancellation of the Certificate, the Company shall be terminated 
 
 (and the Company shall not be terminated prior to such time). The Company shall be deemed to continue in existence for all purposes of this Agreement until it is terminated pursuant to this Section 11.4 . 
 
 Section 11.5 Reasonable Time for Winding Up . A reasonable time shall be allowed for the orderly winding up of the business and affairs of the Company and the liquidation of its assets pursuant to Section 11.2 in order to minimize any losses otherwise attendant upon such winding up. 
 
 Section 11.6 Return of Capital . The liquidators shall not be personally liable for the return of Capital Contributions or any portion thereof to the Unitholders (it being understood that any such return shall be made solely from the Company assets). 
 
 Section 11.7 Hart-Scott-Rodino . In the event the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 (the HSR Act is applicable to any Unitholder, the dissolution of the Company shall not be consummated until such time as the applicable waiting period (and extensions thereof) under the HSR Act have expired or otherwise been terminated with respect to each such Unitholder. 
 
 ARTICLE XII GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 
 Section 12.1 Power of Attorney . Each Unitholder hereby constitutes and appoints Vivid Seats and the liquidators, if any and as applicable, and their respective designees, with full power of substitution, as his, her or its true and lawful agent and attorney-in-fact, with full power and authority in his, her or its name, place and stead, to execute, swear to, acknowledge, deliver, file and record in the appropriate public offices (to the same extent such Person could take such action): (a) this Agreement, all certificates and other instruments and all amendments hereof or thereof in accordance with the terms hereof which Vivid Seats deems appropriate or necessary to form, qualify, or continue the qualification of, the Company as a limited liability company in the State of Delaware and in all other jurisdictions in which the Company may conduct business or own property or as otherwise permitted herein; (b) all instruments, agreements, amendments or other documents which Vivid Seats deems appropriate or necessary to reflect any amendment, change, modification or restatement of this Agreement in accordance with its terms; (c) all conveyances and other instruments or documents which Vivid Seats and/or the liquidators deems appropriate or necessary to reflect the dissolution and liquidation of the Company pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, including a certificate of cancellation; and (d) all instruments relating to the admission, withdrawal or substitution of any Unitholder pursuant to Article VIII or Article X . The foregoing power of attorney is irrevocable and coupled with an interest, and shall survive the death, disability, incapacity, dissolution, bankruptcy, insolvency or termination of any Unitholder and the Transfer of all or any portion of his, her or its Units and shall extend to such Unitholder s heirs, successors, permitted assigns and personal representatives. 
 
 Section 12.2 Amendments . This Agreement may be amended (including, for purposes of this Section 12.2 , any amendment effected directly or indirectly by way of a merger or consolidation of the Company) or waived, in whole or in part, by the Board; provided , however , that to the extent any amendment or waiver, including any amendment or waiver of the Exhibits attached hereto, would disproportionately and adversely affect the rights of any Member of a class compared with the rights of any other Member of such class, such amendment or waiver may only be made by the Board upon the prior written consent of such disproportionately and adversely affected Member. 
 
 Section 12.3 Title to the Company Assets . The Company s assets shall be deemed to be owned by the Company as an entity, and no Unitholder, individually or collectively, shall have any ownership interest in such assets or any portion thereof. Legal title to any or all of such assets may be held in the name of the Company or one or more nominees, as the Board may determine. The Board hereby declares and warrants that any Company assets for which legal title is held in the name of any nominee shall be held in trust by such nominee for the use and benefit of the Company in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement. All the Company assets shall be 
 
 recorded as the property of the Company on its books and records, irrespective of the name in which legal title to such assets is held. 
 
 Section 12.4 Remedies . Each Unitholder and the Company shall have all rights and remedies set forth in this Agreement and all rights and remedies which such Person has been granted at any time under any other agreement or contract and all of the rights which such Person has under any law. Any Person having any rights under any provision of this Agreement or any other agreements contemplated hereby shall be entitled to enforce such rights specifically (without posting a bond or other security), to recover damages by reason of any breach of any provision of this Agreement and to exercise all other rights granted by law. 
 
 Section 12.5 Successors and Assigns . All covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors, legal representatives and permitted assigns, whether so expressed or not. 
 
 Section 12.6 Severability .Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will not affect any other provision or the effectiveness or validity of any provision in any other jurisdiction, and this Agreement will be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein or if such term or provision could be drawn more narrowly so as not to be illegal, invalid, prohibited or unenforceable in such jurisdiction, it shall be so narrowly drawn, as to such jurisdiction, without invalidating the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement or affecting the legality, validity or enforceability of such term or provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 
 Section 12.7 Counterparts; Binding Agreement . This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in two or more separate counterparts, any one of which need not contain the signatures of more than one party, but each of which will be an original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement binding on all the parties hereto. This Agreement and all of the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and effective as to each Person who (a) executes this Agreement in the appropriate space provided in the signature pages hereto notwithstanding the fact that other Persons who have not executed this Agreement may be listed on the signature pages hereto and (b) may from time to time become a party to this Agreement by executing a counterpart of or joinder to this Agreement. 
 
 Section 12.8 Descriptive Headings; Interpretation .The descriptive headings of this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and do not constitute a substantive part of this Agreement. Whenever required by the context, any pronoun used in this Agreement shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine or neuter forms, and the singular form of nouns, pronouns and verbs shall include the plural and vice versa. The use of the word including in this Agreement shall be by way of example rather than by limitation. Reference to any agreement, document or instrument means such agreement, document or instrument as amended or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof, and if applicable hereof. Whenever required by the context, references to a Fiscal Year shall refer to a portion thereof. The use of the words or, either and any shall not be exclusive. The parties hereto have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. In the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties hereto, and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any of the provisions of this Agreement. Wherever a conflict exists between this Agreement and any other agreement, this Agreement shall control but solely to the extent of such conflict. 
 Section 12.9 Applicable Law . This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law rules or provisions 
 
 (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware. 
 
 Section 12.10 Addresses and Notices . All notices, demands or other communications to be given or delivered under or by reason of the provisions of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given or made when (a) delivered personally to the recipient, (b) telecopied to the recipient, or delivered by means of electronic mail (with hard copy sent to the recipient by reputable overnight courier service (charges prepaid) that same day) if telecopied/emailed before 5:00 p.m. New York, New York time on a Business Day, and otherwise on the next Business Day, or (c) one (1) Business Day after being sent to the recipient by reputable overnight courier service (charges prepaid). Such notices, demands and other communications shall be sent to the address for such recipient set forth in the Company s books and records, or to such other address or to the attention of such other person as the recipient party has specified by prior written notice to the sending party. 
 
 Section 12.11 Creditors . None of the provisions of this Agreement shall be for the benefit of or enforceable by any creditors of the Company or any of its Affiliates, and no creditor who makes a loan to the Company or any of its Affiliates may have or acquire (except pursuant to the terms of a separate agreement executed by the Company in favor of such creditor) at any time as a result of making the loan any direct or indirect interest in the Company s Profits, Losses, Distributions, capital or property other than as a secured creditor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each of the Indemnitees are intended third party beneficiaries of Section 6.1(b) and shall be entitled to enforce such provision (as it may be in effect from time to time). 
 
 Section 12.12 No Waiver . No failure by any party to insist upon the strict performance of any covenant, duty, agreement or condition of this Agreement or to exercise any right or remedy consequent upon a breach thereof shall constitute a waiver of any such breach or any other covenant, duty, agreement or condition. 
 
 Section 12.13 Further Action . The parties agree to execute and deliver all documents, provide all information and take or refrain from taking such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to achieve the purposes of this Agreement. 
 
 Section 12.14 Entire Agreement . This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents embody the complete agreement and understanding among the parties with respect to the subject matter herein and supersede and preempt any prior understandings, agreements or representations by or among the parties, written or oral, which may have related to the subject matter hereof in any way. 
 
 Section 12.15 Delivery by Electronic Means . This Agreement, the agreements referred to herein, and each other agreement or instrument entered into in connection herewith or therewith or contemplated hereby or thereby, and any amendments hereto or thereto, to the extent signed and delivered by means of a facsimile machine or electronic transmission in portable document format (pdf) or comparable electronic transmission, shall be treated in all manner and respects as an original agreement or instrument and shall be considered to have the same binding legal effect as if it were the original signed version thereof delivered in person. At the request of any party hereto or to any such agreement or instrument, each other party hereto or thereto shall re-execute original forms thereof and deliver them to all other parties. No party hereto or to any such agreement or instrument shall raise the use of a facsimile machine or pdf electronic transmission or comparable electronic transmission to deliver a signature or the fact that any signature or agreement or instrument was transmitted or communicated through the use of a facsimile machine as a defense to the formation or enforceability of a contract and each such party forever waives any such defense. 
 
 Section 12.16 Certain Acknowledgments . This Agreement shall be considered for all purposes as having been prepared through the joint efforts of the parties. No presumption shall apply in favor of any party in the interpretation of this Agreement or in the resolution of any ambiguity of any provision hereof based on the preparation, substitution, submission or other event of negotiation, drafting or execution hereof. Each Member and Unitholder acknowledges that it/he/she is entitled to and has been afforded the opportunity to consult legal 
 
 counsel of its choice regarding the terms, conditions and legal effects of this Agreement, as well as the advisability and propriety thereof. Each Member and Unitholder further acknowledges that having so consulted with legal counsel of its choosing, such Member or Unitholder hereby waives any right to raise or rely upon the lack of representation or effective representation in any future proceedings or in connection with any future claim resulting from this Agreement or the formation of the Company. THE COMPANY, THE MEMBERS AND THE UNITHOLDERS ACKNOWLEDGE THAT LATHAM WATKINS LLP HAS ONLY REPRESENTED THE COMPANY WITH RESPECT TO THE NEGOTIATION AND PREPARATION OF THIS AGREEMENT, AND HAS NOT REPRESENTED THE MEMBERS OR THE UNITHOLDERS WITH RESPECT TO SUCH MATTERS. 
 
 Section 12.17 Consent to Jurisdiction; WAIVER OF TRIAL BY JURY . 
 
 (a) Consent to Jurisdiction . Each Unitholder irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States District Court for the State of Delaware and the state courts of the State of Delaware for the purposes of any suit, action or other proceeding arising out of this Agreement or any transaction contemplated hereby. Each Unitholder further agrees that service of any process, summons, notice or document by United States certified or registered mail (in each such case, prepaid return receipt requested) to such Unitholder s respective address set forth in the Company s books and records or such other address or to the attention of such other person as the recipient party has specified by prior written notice to the sending party shall be effective service of process in any action, suit or proceeding in Delaware with respect to any matters to which it has submitted to jurisdiction as set forth above in the immediately preceding sentence. Each Unitholder irrevocably and unconditionally waives any objection to the laying of venue of any action, suit or proceeding arising out of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby in the United States District Court for the State of Delaware or the state courts of the State of Delaware and hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives and agrees not to plead or claim in any such court that any such action, suit or proceeding brought in such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. 
 
 (b) WAIVER OF TRIAL BY JURY . BECAUSE DISPUTES ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH COMPLEX TRANSACTIONS ARE MOST QUICKLY AND ECONOMICALLY RESOLVED BY AN EXPERIENCED AND EXPERT PERSON AND THE PARTIES WISH APPLICABLE STATE AND FEDERAL LAWS TO APPLY (RATHER THAN ARBITRATION RULES), THE PARTIES DESIRE THAT THEIR DISPUTES BE RESOLVED BY A JUDGE APPLYING SUCH APPLICABLE LAWS. THEREFORE, TO ACHIEVE THE BEST COMBINATION OF THE BENEFITS OF THE JUDICIAL SYSTEM AND OF ARBITRATION, EACH PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT (INCLUDING THE COMPANY) HEREBY WAIVES ALL RIGHTS TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, SUIT, OR PROCEEDING BROUGHT TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTE BETWEEN OR AMONG ANY OF THE PARTIES HERETO, WHETHER ARISING IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF, CONNECTED WITH, RELATED OR INCIDENTAL TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND/OR THE RELATIONSHIPS ESTABLISHED AMONG THE PARTIES HEREUNDER. 
 
 Section 12.18 Representations and Warranties . By execution of this Agreement, each Member severally represents and warrants as follows: 
 
 (a) Such Member has full legal right, power, and authority to deliver this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and to perform such Member s obligations hereunder and thereunder; 
 
 (b) This Agreement and the other Transaction Documents constitute the legal, valid,and binding obligation of such Member enforceable in accordance with its respective terms, except as the enforcement thereof may be limited by bankruptcy and other laws of general application relating to creditors rights or general principles of equity; 

(c) Neither this Agreement nor the other Transaction Documents violate, conflict with, result in a breach of the terms, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a default or an event of default under any other agreement of which such Member is a party; and 
 
 (d) Such Member s investment in Units in the Company is made for such Member s own account for investment purposes only and not with a view to the resale or distribution of such Units. 
 
 Section 12.19 Tax Receivable Agreement . The Tax Receivable Agreement shall be treated as part of this Agreement as described in Section 761(c) of the Code, and Treasury Regulations Sections 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(h) and 1.761-1(c) with respect to payments to a Member with respect to an Exchange (as defined in the Tax Receivable Agreement) by such Member. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed or caused to be executed on their behalf this Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement as of the date first written above. 

Hoya Intermediate, LLC 

By: 
 /s/ Stanley Chia 

Stanley Chia 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 3
 seat-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiary 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 

CM6B Vivid Equity, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Hoya Intermediate, LLC 
 Delaware 

Hoya Midco, LLC 
 Delaware 

Vivid Seats LLC 
 Delaware 

ActCo LLC 
 Delaware 

Active Ticket Company LP 
 Delaware 

Vivid Hospitality LLC 
 Illinois 

World Ticket Source, LLC 
 Delaware 

Skybox Ticket Resale Platform LLC 
 Illinois 

Vivid Seats Canada Ltd. 
 Canada 

FanXchange International, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Ticket Website LLC 
 Delaware 

Ticket Fulfillment Services LP 
 Delaware 

Vivid Cheers, Inc. 
 Delaware 

Vivid Picks, LLC 
 Delaware 

Vivid Seats Canada Ltd. 
 British Columbia 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 4
 seat-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-260332 on Form S-8 and Registration Statement No. 333-260839 on Form S-3 of our report dated March 7, 2023 relating to the financial statements of Vivid Seats Inc. appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 March 7, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 5
 seat-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Stanley Chia, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Vivid Seats Inc; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) [omitted]; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 7, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Stanley Chia 

Stanley Chia 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 6
 seat-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Lawrence Fey, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Vivid Seats Inc; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) [omitted]; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 7, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Lawrence Fey 

Lawrence Fey 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 7
 seat-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Vivid Seats Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Stanley Chia, Chief Executive Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 7, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Stanley Chia 

Stanley Chia 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 8
 seat-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Vivid Seats Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Lawrence Fey, Chief Financial Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 7, 2023 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Lawrence Fey 

Lawrence Fey 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 seat-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 seat-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 seat-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 seat-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 seat-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

