<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_1141284_0001213900-23-024106.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8520011</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>360921</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1917623</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1867630</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2172200</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1986600</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-024106.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329161733
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-024106
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		123
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ACTELIS NETWORKS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001141284
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT, NEC [3669]
		IRS NUMBER:				522160309
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41375
		FILM NUMBER:		23775415

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4039 CLIPPER COURT
		CITY:			FREMONT
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94538
		BUSINESS PHONE:		510-545-1040

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4039 CLIPPER COURT
		CITY:			FREMONT
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94538

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-024106.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_actelisnet.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, DC 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period
from to 

Commission File Number: 

. 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its
Charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of 
Incorporation or Organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 
 , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s Telephone Number, Including
Area Code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 
232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company ,
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. Yes 

If securities are registered pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect
the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of
those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

As of June 30,
2022, the aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately 
based on the closing sale price on that date of 1.67. Shares of common stock held by each executive officer and director and by each
other person who may be deemed to be an affiliate of the Registrant have been excluded from this computation. The determination of affiliate
status for this purpose is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 

As of March 28, 2023, there were shares
of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, outstanding. 

ACTELIS
NETWORKS, INC . 

FORM 10-K 

FOR
THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 1 
 
 ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 15 
 
 ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 15 
 
 ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 39 
 
 ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 39 
 
 ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 39 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 40 
 
 ITEM 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 40 
 
 ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 41 
 
 ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 48 
 
 ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 F-1 
 
 ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 49 
 
 ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 49 
 
 ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 50 
 
 ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 50 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 51 
 
 ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 58 
 
 ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 62 
 
 ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 66 
 
 ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 68 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 69 
 
 ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 69 

SIGNATURES 
 70 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual
Report contains forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements are contained principally in the sections entitled
 Risk Factors, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, 
and Business. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties. We caution readers that any
forward-looking statement is not a guarantee of future performance and that actual results could differ materially from those contained
in the forward-looking statement. These statements are based on current expectations of future events. Such statements include, but are
not limited to, statements about future financial and operating results, plans, objectives, expectations and intentions, costs and expenses,
interest rates, outcome of contingencies, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, cost savings, objectives of management,
business strategies, financing, potential growth and market opportunities, products, and other statements that are not historical facts. 

In some cases, you can identify forward-looking
statements by terms such as may, will, should, would, expect, anticipate 
 plan, anticipate, could, intend, target, project, 
 contemplate, believe, estimate, predict, potential possible 
or continue or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. Forward-looking statements contained in this Annual
Report include, but are not limited to, statements about: 

our history of losses and need for additional capital to
fund our operations and our ability to obtain additional capital on acceptable terms, or at all; 

our ability to protect our intellectual property and continue
to innovate; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required
in, our officers, key employees or directors; 

the potential insufficiency of our disclosure controls and
procedures to detect errors or acts of fraud; 

the accuracy of our estimates regarding expenses, future
revenues, and capital requirements; 

the success of competing products or technologies that are
or may become available; 

our ability to grow the business due to the uncertainty resulting
from the recent COVID-19 pandemic or any future pandemic; 

our ability to comply with complex and increasing regulations
by governmental authorities; 

our ability to have our securities listed on Nasdaq; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading;
and 

our expectations regarding the period during which we qualify
as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Forward-looking statements are based on our management s
current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about our business and the industry in which we operate and our management s
beliefs and assumptions, and are not guarantees of future performance or development and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and other factors that are in some cases beyond our control. As a result, any or all of our forward-looking statements in this Annual
Report may turn out to be inaccurate. Important factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include,
among other things, those listed under Risk Factors, Use of Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations, Business and elsewhere in this Annual Report. Potential investors are urged to consider these factors
carefully in evaluating the forward-looking statements. You should read thoroughly this Annual Report and the documents that we refer
to with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from and worse than what we expect. We qualify all
of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. 

The forward-looking statements included in this
Annual Report speak only as of the date of this Annual Report. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking
statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee that future results, levels of activity, performance and events and circumstances reflected
in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or will occur. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update or revise
these forward-looking statements for any reason, even if new information becomes available in the future. You should, however, review
the factors and risks we describe in the reports we will file from time to time with the SEC after the date of this Annual Report. See
 Where You Can Find More Information. 

ii 

Item 1. Business 

Company Overview 

Actelis Networks, Inc. we, the
Company , Actelis , us , our is a market leader in cyber-hardened, rapid-deployment networking
solutions for wide-area IoT applications including federal, state and local government, intelligent traffic systems ITS ),
military, utility, rail, telecom and campus applications. Our unique portfolio of hybrid fiber-copper, environmentally hardened aggregation
switches, high density Ethernet devices, advanced management software and cyber-protection capabilities, unlocks the hidden value of essential
networks, delivering safer connectivity for rapid, cost-effective deployment. 

Our networking solutions use a combination of
newly deployed fiber infrastructure and existing copper and coaxial lines which our patented technology can upgrade to Fiber-grade to
jointly create what we believe to be a highly cost-effective, secure and quick-to-deploy network. Our patent protected hybrid fiber-copper
networking solutions deliver excellent communication over fiber to locations that may be easy to reach with new fiber. However, for locations
that are difficult, or too costly to reach with fiber, we can upgrade existing copper lines to deliver cyber-hardened, high-speed connectivity
without needing to replace the existing copper infrastructure with new fiber. We believe that such hybrid fiber-copper networking solution
has distinct advantages in most real-life installations, while providing significant budget savings and accelerating deployment of modern
IoT networks, as based on our experience, most IoT projects have challenging, hard to reach with Fiber locations which may explode such
projects timeline and budgets. We believe that our solutions can provide connectivity over either fiber or copper with speeds of
up to multi-Gigabit communication, while supporting Fiber-grade reliability and quality. 

A primary focus of ours is to provide our customers
with a cyber-secure network solution. We currently offer Triple-Shield protection of data delivered with coding, scrambling and encryption
of the network traffic. We also provide secure, encrypted access to our network management software, and are working to further enhance
system-level and device-level software protection. We are also working to introduce additional capabilities for network-wide cyber protection
software as an additional SW and license based service. 

When high speed, long reach, reliable and secure
connectivity is required, network operators usually resort to using wireline communication over physical communication lines such as fiber,
coax and copper, rather than wireless communication that is more limited in performance, reliability, reach and security. However, new
fiber wireline infrastructure is costly to deploy, involves lengthy civil works to install, and, based on our internal calculations, often
accounts for more than 50 of total cost of ownership (ToC) and time to deploy wide-area IoT projects. 

Providing new fiber connectivity to hard-to-reach
locations is especially costly and time-consuming, often requiring permits for boring, trenching, and right-of-way, sometimes done over
many miles. Connecting such hard-to-reach locations may cause significant delays and budget overruns in IoT projects. Our solutions aim
to solve these challenges by instantly enhancing performance of such existing copper and coax infrastructure to fiber-grade performance,
through the use of advanced signal processing an unique, patented network architecture, without the need to run new fiber to hard-to-reach
locations; thus, effectively accelerating deployment of many IoT projects, as we estimate, sometimes from many months to only days. The
result for the network owner isa hybrid network that optimizes the use of both new Fiber (where available) as well as upgraded, fiber-grade
copper and coax that is now modernized, digitized and cyber-hardened. This unique hybrid network approach is making IoT projects often
significantly more affordable, fast to deploy and predictable to plan and budget. 

In addition, our solutions can also provide power
over existing copper and coax lines to remotely power up network elements and IoT components connected to them (like cameras, small cell
and wifi base stations sensors etc.). Connecting power lines to millions of IoT locations can be costly and very time consuming as well
(similar to data connectivity, for the same reason- need for civil works). By offering the ability to combine power delivery over the
same existing copper and coax lines that we use for high-speed data, we believe our solutions are solving yet another important challenge
in connecting hard-to-reach locations. We believe that combining communication and power over the same existing lines is particularly
important to help connect many fifth generation, or 5G, small cells and Wi-Fi base stations, as high cost of connectivity and power is
often slowing their deployment. 

Since our inception, our business was focused
on serving telecommunication service providers, also known as Telcos, to provide connectivity for enterprises and residential customers.
Our products and solutions have been deployed with more than 100 telecommunication service providers worldwide, in enterprise, residential
and mobile base station connectivity applications. In recent years, as we have further developed our technology and introduced additional
products, we turned our focus on serving the wide-area IoT markets. Our operations are focused on our fast-growing IoT business, while
maintaining our commitment to our existing Telco customers. In 2023, we expect to introduce new product offering, some of which could
serve both the IoT markets and our Telco customers. 

1 

We derive a significant portion of our revenue from our existing Telco
customers. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, our Telco customers in the aggregate accounted for approximately
35 and 48 of our revenues, respectively. 

We derive a significant portion of our revenue
from a limited number of our customers. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, our top ten customers in the aggregate
accounted for approximately 82 and 78 of our revenues. 

We have incurred significant losses and negative cash flows from operations
and as of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 33.4 million. We have funded our operations to date through equity financing
and we had cash on hand (including short term deposits and restricted cash) of 6 million, and long-term deposits and restricted cash
of 2.4 million, as of December 31, 2022. We continue to invest in sales and marketing resources to fuel our growth. 

As of December 31, 2022, we have one outstanding
loan with Migdalor Business Investments Fund Migdalor in the original principal amount of approximately 6 million which
is secured by all our assets (the Migdalor Loan ), and of which approximately 4.9 million remains outstanding. In December
2022, we deposited 2 million to a Company-owned interest bearing bank account, or the designated account and an additional
 2 million was deposited on or about February 28, 2023. Migdalor consented to allow us to seek additional accounts receivable financing
which would be used to partially repay the Migdalor Loan, which would reduce or eliminate the Additional Deposit (as defined in our agreement
with Migdalor) and increase free operating cashflow. 

Initial Public Offering 

On May 17, 2022, we closed our initial public
offering IPO of common shares, in which we sold a total of 4,212,500 shares of common stock at 4 per share, including
462,500 shares pursuant to the partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option, for total net proceeds of 15.4 million
after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of 1.4 million before additionally paid offering expenses of approximately 1.0
million amounting to proceeds available to us of 14.4 million. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

On November 17, 2022, the Board authorized a stock
repurchase program pursuant to which we may repurchase up to 1.0 million of outstanding shares of our common stock. The Board authorized
us to purchase our common stock from time to time on a discretionary basis through open market or private transactions, through block
trades, and pursuant to any trading plan that may be adopted in accordance with Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended,
and other applicable legal requirements. 

Repurchases
under the share repurchase program will be made at management s discretion at prices management considers to be attractive and in
the best interests of both the Company and its stockholders, subject to the availability of stock, general market conditions, the trading
price of the stock, alternative uses for capital, and our financial performance. The repurchase program may be suspended, terminated or
modified at any time for any reason, including market conditions, the cost of repurchasing shares, the availability of alternative investment
opportunities, liquidity, and other factors deemed appropriate. These factors may also affect the timing and amount of share repurchases.
The repurchase program does not obligate us to purchase any particular number of shares . 

Our Technology 

To address many of the most difficult wide-area
IoT connectivity challenges, we combine the benefits of fiber-optic infrastructure, where available, with the hidden potential in existing
legacy copper/coax wires that already connect billions of locations and devices globally (often at low speed, experiencing interruptions
and presenting poor information security, delivering mostly voice, or low speed control signals). However, these lines are readily
available at no additional deployment cost and can reach, as we believe, most locations. Using our patented signal-processing software
and hardware technology and system architecture, we can upgrade these lines, by deriving fiber-grade performance from them,
and integrate them with new fiber installations, where available, to create a seamless end-to-end hybrid-fiber-copper network, enabling
fast, reliable, and safe fiber-grade connectivity that is rapid to deploy and highly cost effective. 

Our technology is both powerful and compact, and
is built as a relatively small set of feature-rich network elements, that serve as building block in many IoT verticals. These elements
include switches, typically enhanced with signal processing SW, concentrators, reach extenders, data encryption elements, power sources
and a smart networking software that allows for remote management and monitoring down to the single element and line performance, configuration
management making complex network topologies easy to deploy, analyze, debug and remote SW download to help with remote handling of large
and small networks. 

2 

Our solutions can also provide remote power over
the same existing copper lines to power up network elements and IoT components connected to them (like cameras and meters). Connecting
power lines to millions of IoT locations can be costly and very time consuming (similar to data connectivity). By offering the ability
to combine power delivery over the same copper lines used for high-speed data, we believe our solutions are solving yet another important
challenge in connecting hard-to-reach locations. We believe that combining communication and power over the same existing lines is particularly
important to help connect many fifth generation, or 5G, small cells and Wi-Fi base stations, as high cost of connectivity and power is
often slowing their deployment. 

Rapid Deployment and Lower Cost of Critical
Connectivity for IoT 

We aim to become the global leading provider of
cyber-secure, cost-effective and quick-to-deploy hybrid networking for all wide-area IoT applications. Our products work over all types
of wireline media on the global data network, whether owned or operated by telecom service providers or a private network operated by
enterprises or government organizations. Our products are structured as building blocks for most IoT applications, and are feature-rich.
This allows for one Actelis platform to often replace multiple other platforms available in the market, allowing for space-saving installation,
energy conservation (which we believe results in a greener network), and making network planning easier for our customers. We aim at having
our products installed and help accelerate deployment of wire-area IoT projects and applications everywhere. 

For example, in one of the projects where our
solutions are deployed, we found that 70 of locations are easy-to-reach with new fiber optic installation. Connectivity for such easy-to-reach
locations may, as we believe, average 26,000 per mile for new fiber laid on poles, and can take between days to weeks to connect.
However, the remaining 30 of locations were hard-to-reach with new fiber optics, and accordingly may require boring or trenching to reach
IoT sensors or camera locations. Getting fiber to those 30 of hard-to-reach would require potentially connecting over obstacles, roads,
long distances, and may also require obtaining the right of way and permits for extensive civil works. We believe this aspect of the deployment
of new fiber optics may cost up to 400,000 per mile, which for this particular project would have impacted thousands of miles of roads,
resulting in enormous cost, delay and interruption to traffic.. 

In another project, we have been selected to provide
networking for a major city that has fiber installed to 15 of its traffic junctions, however 85 of its junctions are connected to low
performance copper lines susceptible for bad actors to tamper with. Upgrading the entire city s infrastructure to Fiber would have
involved major civil works, permit delays and traffic interruptions for months or years, with a cost that would greatly exceed city s
budget. Our hybrid fiber-copper network allowed for the city to use its 15 fiber deployment, upgrade instantly the performance of its
existing 85 copper lines to fiber-grade and join the two under a comprehensive management and security software package from Actelis
to create one seamless network, while providing major savings of both time and money. 

In another project, we provided our hybrid networking
connectivity solution with remote powering over the data lines to 3G and 4G base stations. Looking forward, we believe that a dense grid
of 5G small cells would be required to enable global 5G coverage, which, may accelerate IoT deployment in many smart city projects and
other dense areas. We believe that connecting and powering these 5G small cells to the network cost effectively and rapidly, in both hard-to-reach
and easy-to-reach locations is key to successful and timely deployment for such network. 

In 2022, we released our first product family
of hardened, hybrid, encrypted fiber-copper product family with 10Gbps switching capacity. 

In 2023, we expect to further release, multi-Gigabit,
encrypted and cyber-hardened, hybrid fiber-copper product families higher performance for cities, campuses, roads and rail, airports and
5G base stations backhaul. 

Cyber Security 

IoT networks are vulnerable to cyber-attacks as
they often carry data related to critical processes and applications, such as provision of energy, water, gas and transportation services,
to large populations. We believe that this data requires enhanced security within the network. 

3 

Our products all include cyber safety features
that we are constantly developing. They currently include network traffic encryption and coding. We have developed and implemented a multi-layered
 Triple Shield technology that includes (i) information coding for resilience and security (for copper wires); (ii) multi-line
information scrambling for increased resilience and added security (for copper wires); and (iii) an additional 256-bit hardware-based
real-time encryption of data running over fiber or copper creating end-to-end protection for the entire hybrid network.
Our network management software is also cyber-hardened and helps protect the system. Our systems have been selected for deployment in
sensitive applications with U.S. DoD and other governments and military organizations, airports, utility companies, oil and gas companies,
smart cities, rail and traffic applications globally. 

Since our IPO, we invested in further strengthening
our focus on adding more cybersecurity capabilities and solutions for our customers. We have invested in software and hardware capabilities
enhancing encryption of the data carried by our systems; we have introduced encrypted, cyber-hardened network management protocols; we
have also introduced encryption of operating systems running on our devices. Furthermore, we have acquired the necessary software protocol
and are in the process of certifying our product lines for Federal Intelligence Protocol Standards (FIPS). We are exploring directions
to provide software services to our customers that would allow them to flexibly safeguard their critical networks, and intelligently isolate
and protect from bad actors attacking their networks. 

Market Verticals We Address 

We execute our vision through a multi-channel,
global approach that combines our expertise, with the expertise of our trusted business partners, system integrators, distributors, and
consultants. 

We operate a vertical based marketing plan where
we dedicate efforts and resources to each vertical. The IoT verticals that we have focused on include: (1) ITS; (4) rail; (2)
federal and military; (3) airports; (5) energy and water; (6) smart city; (7) education campuses; and (8) industrial campuses.
Our products are utilized within networks that have been deployed, for example by the City of Los Angeles, Highways England, Federal Aviation
Administration, the US military, including Air Force and Navy, and Stanford University. Our customers benefit from rapidly and cost-effectively
enabling their critical IoT functions such as traffic cameras and smart signaling, security cameras, smart parking meters and ticketing,
rail signaling and control, electrical substation management and protection, military operations, and many more. To date, we have been
most successful in selling to customers in the intelligent transportation systems, rail, federal and military, and airports markets, primarily
in the US, Canada, Europe, and Japan. 

State of IoT Connectivity Market 

IoT infrastructure connectivity demand is growing
rapidly. We believe there is an urgent need to connect tens of millions of locations with a fast and secure connection. A huge challenge
for IoT projects is that implementing connectivity between different IoT points in a network can consume the majority of a project s
cost and time to implement, including unpredictable and unanticipated challenges that arise in each individual project. 

According to a report by Facts and Factors (January
2022) Global Internet of Things (IoT) market is expected to grow to 1.8 trillion by 2028, at a Compounded Average Growth Rate (CAGR)
of 24.5 . 

According to a report by Grand View Research (December 2022),
the smart city market for connectivity infrastructure alone is expected to reach to 6,965.02 billion by 2030 at a CAGR of 25.8 . Accordingly,
we believe that the number of IoT applications requiring our fast, smart, and secure connectivity is immense and provides us with a great
market opportunity to grow our business. From smart transportation systems (smart cameras, smart lights and signals, Vehicle to Everything,
or V2X communication) and smart security (cameras and radars), to smart parking, smart rail, power station monitoring, and industrial
and warehouse automation, we believe that we are uniquely positioned to address all of these applications in a versatile and flexible
manner. 

We believe that there is an unserved segment that
is extremely large within that market pertaining to the challenges in protecting the interface between the physical security and the cybersecurity
of campuses, enterprises, industrial IoT (IIoT), government facilities, Smart Cities and utility plants. 

We
believe that 5G mobile technology will play a major role in the implementation and scaling of IoT networks. According to research published
by ABI Research in January 2021, 5G technology is expected to grow at a CAGR of 41.2 between 2021 and 2027 with a major part of
that growth coming from servicing IoT networks. According to Grand View Research, the global small cell 5G network market size was valued
at 999.43 million in 202 1 . The market is expected to grow at a CAGR of
72.7 between 2022-2030. 

5G base stations and small cells need to be deployed
in a dense grid of millions of locations and need to be connected to Gigabit speed communication and power. We are addressing these needs
for the rapid connectivity and power, aiming at enabling faster and more cost-effective deployment of 5G in IoT. 

4 

Our Solutions 

We have invested nearly 100 million over
the years to develop its patented, multi-layered Triple Shield technology, which can serve all connectivity markets.
Our Triple Shield technology includes signal processing SW that is implementing optimization of multi-line signal coordination, the elimination
of interference to boost connectivity performance, the optimization of coding for resilience and security, multi-line data scrambling
for low latency, increased resilience, and added security. Our solutions also offer implementation of 256-bit encryption of transmission
for data running over fiber or copper for network-wide protection of data. Our technology is packaged into a small set of compact, hardened,
feature-rich network elements (such as switches, concentrators and reach extenders) the MetaLIGHT product family that
are used as building blocks addressing the needs of most wide-area IoT verticals and applications, in a space-and energy-saving fashion.
The ability to drive remote powering and synchronization signals to network ends over existing copper transmission lines provides additional
significant cost-and-time benefits to network operators. 

Our offering includes our network management software,
providing built-in automation to help configure, manage, monitor, safeguard, install and maintain complex, hybrid networks of thousands
of elements remotely. 

We aim to continue developing our technology to
include more system-wide security and further hybridity across all types of infrastructure. We will also seek to include cutting-edge
computing capabilities to serve all connectivity needs for our IoT customers, in an effective and easily deployable way, while maintaining
our commitment to serve our existing Telco customers. 

We believe that our strong reputation as a provider
of high-quality solutions, and the trust we gain from being recognized as a solid solution provider by prominent customers (such as the
U.S. DoD) help us execute our strategy. 

Products 

MetaLight
ML500/600/700/800/900 Series. EADs (Ethernet Access Devices) are a series of products which are cost efficient, compact and hardened
Ethernet switches for hybrid-fiber-copper networks, located near the IoT devices connected to the network. For example, our EAD is used
to connect street traffic lights and nearby controllers, cameras and IoT devices to the traffic control center, where either fiber, copper
or coax infrastructure cabling exists. This product can be installed either indoors or outdoors, including under extreme weather conditions. 

ML2300 Aggregator Series. This product is designed for large, medium, and small aggregation/operating and control centers. Network aggregators can connect hundreds of locations or elements. For example, control centers of highways could use such aggregators to communicate with hundreds of EADs installed in cabinets along highways in order to securely connect IoT devices (e.g. security cameras) to the highway network. 

XR239
Series. This product is installed on long copper lines and can be remotely powered from the data lines themselves, while a special
algorithm (Dynamic Spectral Software) is ensuring minimal interference with other signals running on adjacent conduits in the same cable.
It features a repeater to extend connectivity range to long distances, in some cases up to 100Km. The repeater is installed outdoors
and is resistant to cold, hot, rain, ice or snow. Our repeaters have been installed along rail systems in Alaska and Canada and have
been safely performing for more than five years. 

5 

Advanced MetaLIGHT EMS software. Our EMS (Element Management Systems) software enable remote management, monitoring, maintenance, and configuration of the installed equipment in the network. It is designed to monitor, control and configure our network elements in the field, locally or remotely, for networks of various scales up to thousands of elements. Our implementation during 2021 and 2022 for our end-user customer Highways England, as an example, is using such EMS systems to control thousands of EADs connecting IoT devices along thousands of highway miles. It includes detailed monitoring, logging and tracking of functions both locally and remotely, to allow for easy debugging and configuration of networks, security management, graphical display of network topologies, management of licenses, remote software download, connectivity to other network and management systems. EMS may also manage other software keys and elements (for example, for encryption or other cyber-safety functions), for which customers may pay separately for the licenses. 

We also offer support and maintenance services
together with the sales of our product. This includes consulting, telephone troubleshooting and remote support, training, product repairs
and software updates. 

Product Specifications 

Our products use advanced signal processing implemented
at the system level, with an approach that treats multiple copper lines as one multi-line channel, which we believe to achieve the following
benefits: 

Increase the effective bandwidth of the communication link
by 50 to 500 compared to traditional, single line bandwidth; 

Extend connectivity distances from a few kilometers up to
100Km (for longer range topologies and slower speeds), and improves coverage area for connectivity by 2X to 4X times for the higher speed
services; and 

Improve communication reliability even if copper lines are
of poor quality, so that network operators can, in most cases, guarantee their customers what we believe are Service Level Availabilities
(SLAs) similar to that of fiber optic infrastructure. 

In addition to these main benefits, we have focused
our efforts and implemented technologies in our products in order to achieve the following: 

Automatic multi-channel calibration based real-time line
quality analysis during installation (which greatly shortens the installation process and saves personnel time); 

Transmission in the copper lines to take into account signals
in neighboring lines to minimize crosstalk interference and be Spectrally Friendly 

Multi-line spatial coding scrambling of data in a way that
enhances connection immunity to interference, and makes tapping into the data very difficult; 

Integration of remote powering and data on the same copper
pairs; 

Minimizing transmission delay to support delay-sensitive
applications; and 

Ability to safely, and accurately transmit clock signals
for cellular base station synchronization (not available yet for 5G). 

Since our inception, our business was focused
on serving telecommunication service providers, also known as Telcos, for enterprises and residential customers. Our products and solutions
have been deployed with more than 100 telecommunication service providers worldwide, in enterprise, residential and mobile base station
connectivity applications. In recent years, as we have further developed our technology and rolled out additional products, we turned
our focus on serving the IoT markets. Our operations are focused on our fast-growing IoT business, while maintaining our commitment to
our existing Telco customers. 

6 

Our Competitive Advantage 

We have invested heavily and over more than 10 years
in the development of copper technologies and hybrid fiber-copper communication systems to create a solution that enables high-speed communication
over real-life networks of mixed media, securely, reliably, and with Gigabit-grade resilience. 

Copper lines are readily available in billions
of locations. They are often buried in the ground or hanging from telephone poles, in bundles of tens or hundreds of wires. 

Copper by itself was never designed for high-speed
communication. Attempts to deliver high-speed would encounter many problems, including signal attenuation, interference from other lines
in the Bundle and from any external electrical sources, variable quality and signal interruptions, and variable latency. Such wires are
also relatively easy to tap into physically, and the information is also radiated outside of the cable and may be exposed to security
threats. 

In order to correct the issues with providing
high speed communications over copper wiring, we developed technologies utilizing a multi-line approach, encoding, scrambling and processing
the signals at system level (rather than at the single lines level), and finally also offering data encryption, to combat interference,
electromagnetic noise, and issues with copper line quality and data security. 

The next step was to integrate our existing technologies
into hybrid-fiber-copper building blocks, that provide seamless communication over mixed, real-life fiber-copper networks, and many other
advantages. 

We believe our product offering offers a unique
solution on the market in terms of value, by providing the following: 

High performance hybrid-fiber-copper communication system 

Speeds from 10Mbps to 10Gbps 

Reach of up to 100Km (speed declines over long distances
in copper) 

Robust connectivity allowing Gigabit-grade service SLAs in
various harsh environments over copper or fiber 

Cyber-protection on several levels, including Triple Shield
Protection: 

Multi-line data scrambling and coding (copper) 

256-bit system-wide encryption 

System level protection (encryption and other protections)
of management software, operating system and traffic flow 

Dense, feature-full design to replace multiple alternative
elements in the market, and allow for installation that is compact, lower cost and power saving: 

Advanced switching functions supporting complex network topologies 

Support for both advanced, digital IoT devices as well as
existing analog devices with serial interfaces to save the need to replace these devices while allowing them to join
the digital network 

Power feeding for cameras and other IoT devices with the
data cable 

Ability to install our IoT building blocks in remote locations
with no power. Power can be provided from the communication line 

Ability to provide precise synchronization over the communication
lines to base stations 

Routing functions 

Support for spectrally-friendly reach extenders up to 100Km
with minimal impact on other communication lines 

Automated software tools for installation and management
(including automated line calibration and configuration recognition during installation to avoid manual work, advanced management systems
that allow remote troubleshooting of any line connected to the system to save on operation and management time) 

We believe that the combination of these advantages
provide our customers with a highly cost-effective solution to quickly obtain IoT connectivity anywhere in their network. 

7 

We believe that our hybrid-fiber-copper solutions
have a significant competitive advantage in several layers: (a) copper performance (speed, reach, link stability and data security);
(b) seamless fiber-copper integration and end-to-end data encryption; (c) overall system cyber-hardened design; (d) versatile,
compact and feature-dense products with a good fit to the vast majority of applications; (e) very high product and transmission reliability;
automatic configuration tools and advanced management of every element in the field; and (f) highly cost-effective when compared
to alternatives. We believe that these advantages lead to very good value for our customers for both rapid deployment to all locations,
regardless of whether these locations are hard to reach. We also believe that these characteristics provide us with a competitive advantages
against many, if not all, companies in our space, such as Cisco, Rad, Nokia, Siemens, Belden and others. 

We have hundreds of large, medium and small network
operators as end users of our products, including municipalities, railway, electricity, water infrastructure companies and military customers.
We believe that we enjoy a good reputation for offering reliable, high-performance and high-end products. We expect that the acceptance
process for our new products for existing customers will become simpler due to customers positive accumulated experience working with
us. We also have many non-exclusive third-party distributors, resellers and system integrators and partners around the world, located
in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, Costa Rica, Germany, Italy, Spain, Scandinavian countries, Greece, Netherlands, Japan, and India. These non-exclusive
third-party distributors are used to selling our products, and we believe that they appreciate the reliability of our products and the
quality of service and support that we provide. All of these advantages constitute an entry barrier, which we believe may make it more
difficult for a competitor to reach a similar status. 

We believe that over the past years, we have built
a reputation for providing, according to our customers, reliable, high-quality communication solutions with better copper and hybrid fiber-copper
performance than other alternatives on the market. A competitor who wants to enter the market will have to compete with our reputation,
which has been acquired over a long period by providing long-term quality service to hundreds of network operators and hundreds of thousands
of end customers and IoT elements. 

Our Sales and Marketing Strategy 

We operate through two regions Americas
and International (consisting of EMEA, or Europe, Middle East and Africa, and APAC, or Asia Pacific) in a matrix with a vertical structure
that is described below. Our sales and support teams are currently located in the United States, Mexico, Germany, Israel, and India. We
also execute our sales and marketing plan through a multi-channel by vertical global approach that combines our expertise with the expertise
of our trusted business partners. Our current business partners, as well as the partners we will seek in the future, are system integrators,
distributors, contractors, resellers, and consultants. Our business partners are currently located in North America, Central America,
throughout Europe, India, Singapore, China, Australia, Vietnam, Malaysia and Japan. Once we identify a relevant business opportunity in
a new territory, we seek to partner with local business partners or agents. We believe our strong brand name of high-quality communication
solutions, as well as the credibility we gain with esteemed customers such as the U.S. DoD, enhances our ability to provide our services.
For example, MetaLight 600 Series was approved for deployment by U.S. DoD and is on the Approved Product List (APL) since 2019. 

We operate a vertical based marketing plan where
we dedicate tailored solutions and individual resources to each specific vertical. Our verticals include Intelligent Traffic Systems (ITS),
rail, smart city, Telco, utilities, federal and military. 

ITS 

ITS include customers who manage road systems
such as departments of traffic on either the municipality, county, state, or national level. The types of applications in this vertical
that require communication include road cameras, lane management systems, and road signs. 

Rail 

Rail systems include customers who own and operate
traditional inter-city rail lines as well as light rails. Some applications requiring communication in this vertical are central train
control systems, rail signals, safety cameras and alert sensors, and rail station communication. We currently have projects within this
vertical in North America, Europe, and Asia Pacific. 

Federal and Military 

Our current and future federal and military federal
aviation authorities, US military, Air Force and Navy bases, and other government and military facilities. For example, during 2022, we
were selected by Norseman Defense Technologies as an authorized sales partner to provide our solutions to all branches of the US Military
and Government. The types of applications within this vertical that requiring communication include radars, perimeter security systems,
energy systems, offices, laboratories and residences. We currently have projects within this vertical in North America, Europe and Asia
Pacific. 

8 

Airports 

Airports include customers who are either a State
or Federal airport agency, or a service provider to the airport industry. The types of applications within this vertical requiring communication
are airport security, baggage management, and airport Wi-Fi. In 2022, we started delivering to our new airport integration customer, who
is a worldwide market-leader in airport operation technology, with which we signed an agreement to provide our solutions to hundreds of
airports in 39 countries. 

Energy and Water 

Energy and water include customers such as electric
utilities, oil companies and water utilities. The types of applications within this vertical that require communication are sub-station
monitoring, oil and gas pipeline and refineries, electric and water flow monitoring, and perimeter security. We have projects within this
vertical in North America and Europe. 

Smart City 

We believe the goal of nearly any city worldwide
is to become smarter and better serve its residents and visitors. Smart city customers include such municipalities. The types of applications
in this vertical requiring communication include security cameras, parking management, energy and water management, waste management,
digital signs, and provision of Wi-Fi connectivity. We currently have projects in more than 100 cities, mostly in North America and Europe. 

Telco 

Telco customers include communication service
providers of both wired and wireless services (including 4G and 5G). The types of applications within this vertical requiring communication
include enterprise offices, branch offices, residential buildings, educational facilities and back-haul for mobile base stations. 

Channel and Territory coverage 

The majority of our business is conducted indirectly
through various types of business partners, namely system integrators, distributors, contractors, resellers and consultants. Nevertheless,
our team often accompanies a channel partner during the selling process to help secure a deal with an end-user. We seek to cover the geographic
territories in which we sell, in combination with the target verticals described above. In this effort, we take advantage of existing
strong relationships with business partners in the United States, Canada, Europe, Latin America, and Asia Pacific and also seek to
recruit new business partners that can help us expand our coverage. 

In addition, we maintain a website (at www.actelis.com tailored to the IoT strategy and is expanding our marketing initiatives (professional organizations, shows, online targeting, online campaigns
and lead generation) to grow our opportunity pipeline. 

We operate through two main regional sales teams Americas
and International (consisting of EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) and APAC (Asia Pacific)) in a vertical model similar to that which
was described in our marketing strategy above, and generates its pipeline of leads and opportunities through a combination of channel
presence, on-line presence as well as direct touch. Our sales teams are very experienced in the target verticals and have significant
competencies in the target networks of decision makers. We intend to invest in expanding this presence and strength. 

Software and Services 

Our products consist of hardware and an embedded
software that function together to deliver the product s essential functionality. Our products are sold with a two-year warranty
for repairs or replacements of the product in the event of damage or failure during the term of the support period, which is accounted
for as a standard warranty. Services relating to repair or replacement of hardware beyond the standard warranty period are offered under
renewable, fee-based contracts and include telephone support, remote diagnostics, and access to on-site technical support personnel. 

We also offer our customers our EMS management
software, either as perpetual or term based. EMS is optional and is being sold separately from our hardware products, and has been sold
either as per-element license, or as a license for a whole network. 

Our customers may request added functions and
features for their specific need which we can customize for an additional fee. 

We also offer our customers product support services
which include telephone support, remote diagnostics, and access to on-site technical support personnel. Such support service is sold as
a standalone contract or in combination with EMS management software and is offered for a term, usually 12 months with a renewal option. 

9 

Additionally, our customers can purchase software
support service which allow them to receive some additional features or free upgrades. Such support service is sold as a separate contract. 

We offer service contracts at different levels
(Silver, Gold, Platinum), which may include different levels of support (remotely or in the field), hardware repairs, spare parts, help
with network design, and SW/HW upgrades. Such service contracts are sold separately from the sale of hardware products and may be sold
combined with our EMS software licenses. It usually covers periods post the expiration of our warranty period and would be renewed on
an annual basis. The cost of the service is derived from the size of the network, and the level of support required. 

Competition 

We compete in markets for networking and communications
services and solutions for service providers, businesses, government agencies and other organizations worldwide. 

We compete with a number of companies in the markets
we serve. Our key competitors include Moxa Technologies, ADTRAN, Inc., FlexDSL Telecommunications AG, EtherWAN Systems, Inc. and Belden
Inc. 

We believe the following competitive attributes
are necessary for our solutions to successfully compete in IoT networking market: 

the performance and reliability of our solutions; 

cost of deployment and return on investment in terms of cost
savings; 

sophistication, novel and innovative intellectual property
and technology, and functionality of our offerings; 

cross-platform operability; 

security; 

ease of implementation and use of service; 

high quality customer support; and 

price. 

We believe that we compare favorably on the basis
of the factors listed above. However, many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical, and marketing resources;
relationships with large vendor partners; larger global presence; larger customer bases; longer operating histories; greater brand recognition;
and more established relationships in the industry than we do. Furthermore, new entrants not currently considered to be competitors may
enter the market through acquisitions, partnerships, or strategic relationships. See Risk Factors New competitors
may enter the marketplace and begin to compete with the Company. 

Manufacturing, Procurement and Logistics 

We take advantage of the combination of our inhouse
skills and those of the third parties we partner with to execute our operational tasks which are planning and manufacturing finished goods
inventory, planning and procuring raw materials and delivering products to our customers based on promised delivery schedules. 

Our raw material consists of electronic chipsets,
FPGA components, modems, and other electronic and mechanical components. Most of those components are procured by our contract manufacturers
from Israel and we assist them as needed in specific cases. Since the breakout of COVID19, as the world is experiencing shortages of electronic
components, we have assisted our manufacturers to acquire components that are harder to find. We recently secured components which were
announced to be end of life by their manufacturers in order to ensure adequate quantities of future product shipments. 

Our products are assembled by various contract
manufacturers, located in Israel and in Taiwan who possess the expertise of assembly and quality control required for electronic manufacturing
in a turn-key fashion. Some of our products are manufactured to our specifications under an OEM arrangement. The company uses state-of-the-art
logistics services from the best providers worldwide and also has in-house expertise in executing such required processes. 

We believe that we can add and/or replace our
contract manufacturer if necessary. We have successfully transitioned from one contract manufacturer to another in the past, and we believe
that a transition would be achievable, if necessary, in the future typically within three to six months. 

10 

Warranty 

Our products are generally sold with a standard
warranty of two years for product defects, as well a technical center support, during normal business hours, for incidents raised by properly
trained personnel. Within the warranty agreement, we offer to repair or replace defective products, or software bug fixes. Upon expiration
of the warranty period, the customer has an option to purchase an extended warranty contract for an additional fee, typically for one
or more periods of 12 months. 

Growth Strategy 

Global Expansion and Recognition 

We intend to leverage (a) the customers,
partners, and representatives presence in over 30 countries including the Americas, Europe and Asia, (b) brand recognition
developed over more than 10 years, and (c) the fact that our products are differentiated, as we believe, and offer unique value to
expand into virtually all IoT verticals, and become the vendor of choice for cyber-protected building blocks for all IoT networking globally. 

In order to achieve the right level of global
coverage, we are expanding our network of partners and representatives and aim increasingly at partnering with larger numbers of companies
with global presence. For example, we recently selected Norseman Technologies to serve as a business partner integrator of our products
to the Federal and military markets in the US through their acquisition contracts. Additionally, we signed up new business partners in
Europe and Asia Pacific, such as in Singapore, China, Vietnam and Malaysia. 

We are investing in growing our sales, channel
management and support teams, and dedicate resources which specialize in specific verticals in each of the theaters. In August 2022, we
hired a new VP of Marketing who is executing campaigns through social media, industry shows and conferences and other online means. We
also are investing in lead-generation activities through third-parties who specialize in this practice. 

Expansion of Multi-year deals 

Over the past years, we entered into several
large multi-year contracts with ITS, military, airports, and more that will generate more predictable sales for the next several years.
For example, since the IPO, we announced several new deals we won or started to deliver, such as the worldwide airport technology provider,
a provider of energy services to a major European city in a major European country, the city of San Jose, California and Northern Ireland
railways. We intend to expand this strategy by investing in sales and marketing presence to extend the length these contracts and add
many others. 

Expansion into Cyber Security, Recurring Revenue
Model 

Cyber security is becoming increasingly more important
for critical IoT infrastructure. Some countries, like Germany, are starting to mandate encryption on all IoT communication, and we believe
this trend will continue. Our products are already capable to deliver sensitive information for many critical IoT applications, and we
invest intend to invest more in making this a strong differentiator, and to have our products recognized as the most cyber-safe IoT building
blocks in the growing secure IoT communication market. 

Beyond that, we are expanding our cyber-protection
capabilities to provide protection not only of the data that is running in the system, but also to help protect elements and devices connected
to the network, especially in the interface between the physical and cybersecurity systems. 

Adding the 5G Connectivity for IoT 

A dense grid of 5G small cells is required in
order to build a global 5G coverage, which, as we believe, may be key to IoT deployment in many smart cities and other dense areas. We
believe that connecting these 5G small cells to the network cost effectively and rapidly, in both hard-to-reach and easy-to-reach locations,
as well as powering them cost-effectively is key to successful and timely deployment. 

5G networks deployment is slowed down, as we believe,
by the challenge to provide connectivity and power to millions of base station locations that are required for an effective 5G network. 

We expect that a second generation of this product
family may also include precision synchronization delivery for 5G base stations for in-building installations, where GPS base-station
synchronization is not available. This offering is still in early stages of concept evaluation, and may only be released in 2024 following
successful evaluation and development. 

11 

Adding MMwave Technology 

While we can offer solutions over fiber and copper,
fixed, point-to-point wireless remains a valid option where for high-speed connectivity if line of sight is available and wireline communication
is not be available. To complement our coverage or solutions over all possible media, following this offering, we plan to evaluate basic
building blocks that may be acquired from third parties to integrate into our product offerings, for a complete cyber-hardened system
with multiple physical media options. Such offering may only be released in 2024 2025. We have not yet completed evaluation of such
third party partners. We expect that the addition of MMwave to our product offerings would add a new significant addressable market for
us. 

Adding Edge Computing Capabilities 

Once mass deployment of our IoT connectivity building
blocks is achieved, we are planning to leverage our presence in the field to offer our customers the option to host and integrate various
applications into our building blocks, many of which will be installed in critical information junctions for IoT networks. Such applications
may include video analysis, data monitoring and extraction, firewalls and many others, and would enable our customers, as we believe,
to develop recurring revenue models for them as well as for us. 

Some examples for such applications that we have
been evaluating are: 

Enhanced cyber-protection for devices and users; 

Video processing and machine vision (serving the AI ecosystem
such as, intruder detection, road safety and robotics); and 

Smart video transmission/compression for delivery of video
over 5G/mobile networks. 

We expect the development of such capabilities
to begin in 2023, and applications may be released starting in 2024. Some of the applications (especially around cyber-security) may be
developed by the Company. Others may be offered by third parties and integrated into the Company s platform. 

United States Bipartisan Infrastructure Law 

In November 2021, President Biden signed the Bipartisan
Infrastructure Law to invest approximately 1.2 trillion to significantly upgrade the United States infrastructure. Specifically,
the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law mandates investing the following amounts: 110 billion to rebuild many of America s roads
and bridges; 39 billion in public transit; 66 billion in high-speed rail; 108 billion to upgrade the nation s electricity
grid; 55 billion to expand access to clean drinking water; 25 billion to modernize several US airports; 650 billion in previous
authorized funding for roads including nearly 300 billion for the Highway Trust Fund; and 65 billion to ensure that every American
has access to high-speed internet through deploying broadband infrastructure. 

We believe that this significant increase in infrastructure
spending by the United States Government will likely result in investments in our communication infrastructure solutions, as these spending
initiatives are aimed at our targeted verticals. 

Growth through Mergers and Acquisitions 

We continue to evaluate potential growth through
mergers and acquisitions opportunities in situations where we believe that a transaction will fill business gaps or add key business operations
without requiring us to wait years for marketing and sales cycles to materialize. The resulting combination of our existing products
and services, new key personnel, and strategic partnerships through M A could provide new offerings to our existing market. 

If we target businesses in the same sector or
location, we hope to combine resources to reduce costs, eliminate duplicate facilities or departments and increase revenue. We believe
this strategy will provide for accelerated growth and maximize investor returns. 

12 

Environmental 

We are not aware of any environmental laws that
have been enacted, nor are we aware of any such laws being contemplated for the future, that impact issues specific to our business. 

Human Capital Resources 

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately
48 employees and contractors, of which 44 were full-time employees, including 17 in sales and marketing, 24 in research development, engineering,
and operations and 7 in general and administration. We have approximately 33 employees and contractors in Israel, 12 in the U.S., 2 in
Europe and 1 in Asia. Our U.S.-based employees are employed through a Professional Employer Organization, providing employee benefits
and services. 

We believe our culture and principles enable us
to attract, retain, motivate and develop our workforce as well as drive employee engagement. We believe an engaged workforce leads to
a more innovative and productive company that serves its customers better. Our employees work to ensure that our products and services
connect and protect our customers critical infrastructure. A testament to that is the long-term retention of many of our employees and
their loyalty to us. We measure each one through a goal setting and measurement system to maximize our enterprise value and employee career
potential. 

We support and strive for ethnic and gender diversity. 

Legal Proceedings 

From time to time, we may be involved in various
claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. To the knowledge of our management, there are no legal proceedings
currently pending against us which we believe would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations
and, to the best of our knowledge, there are no such legal proceedings contemplated or threatened. Regardless of outcome, litigation can
have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. 

Government Regulation 

Our products are required to be certified for
safety and local standards in each country that we sell in as needed. In the United States, Canada, Europe, and Japan our products are
UL certified (safety), EN (emissions Regulation), VCCI (Japanese emissions standard), CISPR (European emission standard), ICES (Canadian
radio frequency emissions standards), ETSI (European electromagnetic compatibility standard), CFR (US Federal Broadcasting Regulation),
as well as IEC (European Safety Standard). We have also received the JITC (Joint Interoperability Test Command) certification of meeting
certain cybersecurity standards required by the U.S. Department of Defense. 

We are subject to numerous federal, state, provincial,
local, and foreign laws and regulations relating to the storage, handling, emission, and discharge of materials into the environment,
including the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act; the Clean Water Act; the Clean Air Act; the Emergency
Planning and Community Right-To-Know Act; the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act; and similar laws in the other countries in which
we operate. While we believe that our existing environmental control procedures are adequate, we will continue to evaluate and update
our procedures as needed to address new or changing aspects of environmental matters. 

13 

Intellectual Property 

We rely on a combination of trade secrets, patent,
trademark and copyright laws in the United States, as well as intellectual property licenses and other contractual rights (including
confidentiality procedures, contractual provisions, and non-disclosure and assignment-of-intellectual property agreements with our employees,
independent contractors, consultants and companies with which we conduct business) to establish and protect our A.I. technology, intellectual
property and proprietary rights, trade secrets, databases, and our brand. 

We have registered Actelis Networks 
as a service trademark in the United States, and we are the registered holder of the domain name Actelis.com that includes Actelis
Networks, Inc. We also have 20 registered patents in the United States; 5 registered patents in Europe, 1 registered patent in
Mexico, and one pending patent application at WIPO, all of which in the general area of high-speed carrier class Ethernet service and
transport over bonded VDSL2, G.SHDSL as well as Fiber covering various aspects of our technology. While we continue to consult with counsel
on the advisability to seek patent protection of some of our algorithms, we rely heavily on trade secrets to protect our intellectual
property around our technology. 

Without accounting for any potential patent term
adjustments or extensions or other forms of exclusivity with respect to our U.S. issued patents, four expire between 2023 and 2024, 14
expire between 2025 and 2029, and ten expire between 2030 and 2038. Any patent issuing from the pending U.S. application will begin to
expire in 2037. With respect to our European patents, two European patents are expected to expire between 2023 and 2024, two European
patents are expected to expire between 2025 and 2029, and one European patent is expected to expire between 2030 and 2037. Our Mexican
patent is expected to expire in 2026. 

We continue to maintain our intellectual property
and confidential business information in a number of ways. For instance, we have a policy of requiring all employees and consultants to
execute confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of an employment or consulting relationship with us. Our employee agreements
also require relevant employees to assign to us all rights to any inventions made or conceived during their employment with us in accordance
with applicable law. In addition, we have a policy of requiring individuals and entities with which we discuss potential business relationships
to sign non-disclosure agreements. Lastly, our agreements with clients include confidentiality and non-disclosure provisions. 

Corporate Information 

We were incorporated in Delaware in 1998. We completed
our initial public offering on May 17, 2022 and our common stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol
 ASNS. Our principal executive offices are located at 4039 Clipper Court, Fremont, CA94538, and our telephone number is (510)-545-1040. 

Available Information 

Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports
on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ).
We are subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act and file or furnish reports, proxy statements, and other information
with the SEC. Such reports and other information filed by us with the SEC are available free of charge on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov.
or on our website at https://actelis.com/when such reports are available on the SEC s website. We use our website as a means of disclosing
material non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. The contents of the websites referred
to above are not incorporated into this filing. 

14 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Investing in our common stock involves a high
degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information
in this Annual Report, before deciding to invest in our common stock. The risks and uncertainties described below may not be the only
ones we face. If any of the risks actually occur, our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects could be harmed.
In that event, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. Additional risks
and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business operations. 

Summary Risk Factors 

Our business is subject to numerous risks and
uncertainties that you should consider before investing in our company. You should carefully consider all of the risks described more
fully in the section titled Risk Factors in this Annual Report, before deciding to invest in our common stock. If any of
these risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition and results of operations would likely be materially adversely affected.
These key risks, include, but are not limited to, the following: 

Risks Related to Our Business 

We have a history of net losses, may incur substantial net
losses in the future, and may not achieve or sustain profitability or growth in future periods. If we cannot achieve and sustain profitability,
our business, financial condition, and operating results will be adversely affected. 

We have negative cash flow from our operations and, given
our projected funding needs, our ability to generate positive cash flow is uncertain. 

The price of our common stock does not meet the requirements
for continued listing on Nasdaq. If we fail to regain compliance with the minimum listing requirements, our common stock will be subject
to delisting. Our ability to publicly or privately sell equity securities and the liquidity of our common stock could be adversely affected
if our common stock is delisted. 

Unfavorable global economic or political conditions prolonged
and intensified throughout the second half of 2022 and in 2023 could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of
operations. 

Prolonged inflation rates could negatively impact our revenues
and profitability if increases in the prices of our products or a decrease in customer spending results in lower sales. 

We may need to raise additional capital to meet our business
requirements in the future, and such capital raising may be costly or difficult to obtain and could dilute our stockholders ownership
interests. 

Our indebtedness could adversely affect our ability to raise
additional capital to fund operations, limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry and prevent us from meeting
our financial obligations. 

To support our business growth, in the past years we
increased our focus on serving certain IoT verticals, while continuing to serve our existing Telco customers. This change in our strategy
may make it more difficult to evaluate our business growth and future prospects, and may increase the risk that we will not be successful
in our plans. 

We may have ineffective sales and marketing efforts. 

We are dependent on the supply of electronic and mechanical
components and our business would be harmed if we do not receive sufficient supply of such components in number and performance to meet
our production requirements and product specifications in a timely and cost-effective manner. 

We outsource our product manufacturing and are dependent
on our key manufacturers, and on our component and OEM suppliers. We are susceptible to problems, and have encountered problems in the
past, in connection with procurement, decreasing quality, reliability, and protectability. 

Demand for our products and solutions may not grow or may
decline. 

Our gross margins may not increase or may deteriorate. 

15 

Changes in the price and availability of our raw materials
and shipping could be detrimental to our profitability. 

Expanding our operations and marketing efforts to meet expected
growth may impact profitability if actual growth is less than expected. 

If our internal Company cyber-security measures are breached
or fail and unauthorized access is obtained to our IT environment, we may incur significant losses of data, which we may not be able
to recover and may experience a delay in our ability to conduct our day-to-day business. 

We provide cyber security features as part of our products
that may not completely prevent information security breaches, and our products are installed in live customer environments and may be
compromised by cyber-attacks and damage customer assets. 

We depend on key information systems and third-party service
providers. 

We depend on our management team and other key employees,
and the loss of one or more of these employees or an inability to attract and retain highly skilled employees could adversely affect
our business. 

We may face the effects of increased competition and rapid
technological changes. 

Our results of operations are likely to fluctuate from quarter
to quarter and year to year, which could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. 

The loss of one or more of our significant customers, or
any other reduction in the amount of revenue we derive from any such customer, would adversely affect our business, financial condition,
results of operations and growth prospects. 

We are currently operating in a period of economic uncertainty
and capital markets disruption, which has been significantly impacted by geopolitical instability due to the ongoing military conflict
between Russia and Ukraine. Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected by any negative
impact on the global economy and capital markets resulting from the conflict in Ukraine or any other geopolitical tensions. 

The effects of health pandemics, such as the ongoing global
COVID-19 pandemic, have had, and could in the future have, an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Risks Related to Protecting Our Technology
and Intellectual Property 

Claims by others that we infringe their intellectual property
could force us to incur significant costs or revise the way we conduct our business. 

Our patents and proprietary technology may be challenged
or disputed. 

Any failure to protect our intellectual property rights could
impair our ability to protect our proprietary technology and our brand. 

The lives of our patents may not be sufficient to effectively
protect our products and business. 

16 

Risks Related to Managing Our Business
Operations in Israel 

Potential political, economic, and military instability in
the State of Israel, where our research and development facilities are located, may adversely affect our results of operations. 

Actelis Israel received Israeli government grants for certain
of our research and development activities, the terms of which require us to pay royalties and satisfy specified conditions in order
to manufacture products and transfer technologies outside of Israel. If we fail to satisfy these conditions, we may be required to pay
penalties and refund grants previously received. 

We may be adversely affected by fluctuations in the currency
exchange rate of the Israeli Shekel. 

Unanticipated changes in our effective tax rate and additional
tax liabilities, including those resulting from our international operations or the implementation of new tax rules, could harm our future
results. 

Risks Related to our Common Stock 

The requirements of being a public company may strain our
resources, divert management s attention, and affect our ability to attract and retain executive management and qualified board
members. 

We have identified a material weakness in our internal control
over financial reporting. If we experience material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to implement and maintain an effective
system of internal controls in the future, we may not be able to accurately report our financial condition or results of operations which
may adversely affect investor confidence in us, and as a result, the value of our common stock. 

If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control
over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. As a result, stockholders could
lose confidence in our financial and other public reporting, which would harm our business and the trading price of our common stock. 

Risks Related to Our Business 

We have a history of net losses, may incur
substantial net losses in the future, and may not achieve or sustain profitability or growth in future periods. If we cannot achieve and
sustain profitability, our business, financial condition, and operating results will be adversely affected. 

We have incurred net losses in recent years, and we may not achieve
or maintain profitability in the future. We experienced a net loss of 11 million and 5.3 million in the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. As a result, we had an accumulated deficit of 33.4 million as of December 31, 2022. We cannot predict
when or whether we will reach or maintain profitability. 

We also expect our operating expenses to increase
in the future as we continue to invest for our future growth, including expanding our research and development function to drive further
development of our platform, expanding our sales and marketing activities, developing the functionality to expand into adjacent markets,
and reaching customers in new geographic locations, which will negatively affect our operating results if our total revenues do not increase.
In addition to the anticipated costs to grow our business, we also expect to incur significant additional legal, accounting, and other
expenses as a newly public company. These efforts and additional expenses may be more costly than we expect, and we cannot guarantee that
we will be able to increase our revenues to offset our operating expenses. Any failure to increase our revenues or to manage our costs
as we invest in our business would prevent us from achieving or maintaining profitability. 

17 

There is no guaranty that we will be able
to generate the revenue necessary to support our cost structure or obtain the level of financing necessary for our operations. 

We have incurred significant losses and negative
cash flows from operations and incurred losses of 11 million and 5.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had negative cash flows from operations of 7.8 million and 2.7 million, respectively.
As of December 31, 2022, our accumulated deficit was 33.4 million. We have funded our operations to date through equity financing and
has cash on hand (including short term deposits and restricted cash) of 6.0 million and long-term deposits and restricted cash of 2.4
million as of December 31, 2022. We monitor our cash flow projections on a current basis and take active measures to obtain the funding
it requires to continue our operations. However, these cash flow projections are subject to various uncertainties concerning their fulfilment
such as the ability to increase revenues by attracting and expanding its customer base or reducing cost structure. If we will not succeed
in generating sufficient cash flow or completing additional financing, then it will need to execute a cost reduction plan that has been
prepared. Our transition to profitable operations is dependent on generating a level of revenue adequate to support our cost structure.
We expect to fund operations using cash on hand, through operational cash flows and raising additional proceeds. There are no assurances,
however, we will be able to generate the revenue necessary to support our cost structure or that we will be successful in obtaining the
level of financing necessary for its operations. 

Furthermore, we may continue to incur negative
cash flow from operating and investing activities for the foreseeable future as we expect to incur research and development, sales and
marketing, and general and administrative expenses and make capital expenditures in our efforts to increase our sales. Our business also
will at times require significant amounts of working capital to support our growth of additional platforms. An inability to generate positive
cash flow from operating activities for the near term may adversely affect our ability to raise needed capital for our business on reasonable
terms, or at all, diminish supplier or customer willingness to enter into transactions with us, and have other adverse effects that may
decrease our long-term viability. There can be no assurance that we will achieve positive cash flow in the near future or at all. 

The price of our
common stock does not meet the requirements for continued listing on Nasdaq. If we fail to regain compliance with the minimum listing
requirements, our common stock will be subject to delisting. Our ability to publicly or privately sell equity securities and the liquidity
of our common stock could be adversely affected if our common stock is delisted. 

The continued listing
standards of Nasdaq require, among other things, that the minimum bid price of a listed company s stock be at or above 1.00. If
the closing minimum bid price is below 1.00 for a period of more than 30 consecutive trading days, the listed company will fail to be
in compliance with Nasdaq s listing rules and, if it does not regain compliance within the grace period, will be subject to delisting.
As previously reported, on November 4, 2022, we received a notice from the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Department notifying us that
for 30 consecutive trading days, the bid price of our common stock had closed below the minimum 1.00 per share requirement. In accordance
with Nasdaq s listing rules, we were afforded a grace period of 180 calendar days, or until May 2, 2023, to regain compliance with
the bid price requirement. In order to regain compliance, the bid price of our common stock must close at a price of at least 1.00 per
share for a minimum of 10 consecutive trading days. 

If we fail to regain
compliance by May 2, 2023, we may be eligible for a second 180 day compliance period, provided that, on such date, we meet the continued
listing requirement for market value of publicly held shares and all other applicable Nasdaq listing requirements (other than the minimum
closing bid price requirement) and we provide written notice to Nasdaq of our intention to cure the deficiency during the second compliance
period, by effecting a reverse stock split, if necessary. Such extension of the grace period would be subject to Nasdaq s discretion,
and there can be no guarantee that we would be granted an extension. 

We cannot provide any
guarantee that we will regain compliance during the grace period or be able to maintain compliance with Nasdaq s listing requirements
in the future. If we are not able to regain compliance during the grace period, or any extension of the grace period for which we may
be eligible, our common stock will be subject to delisting. Delisting from Nasdaq could adversely affect our ability to raise additional
financing through the public or private sale of equity securities, would significantly affect the ability of investors to trade our securities
and would negatively affect the value and liquidity of our common stock. Delisting could also have other negative results, including the
potential loss of confidence by employees, the loss of institutional investor interest and fewer business development opportunities. 

Unfavorable global
economic or political conditions prolonged and intensified throughout the second half of 2022 and in 2023 could adversely affect our business,
financial condition or results of operations. 

Our business is susceptible
to general conditions in the global economy and in the global financial markets. A global financial crisis or a global or regional political
disruption has caused, and could in the future cause, extreme volatility in the capital and credit markets. A severe or prolonged economic
downturn, including a recession, the currently prolonged inflationary economic environment, continued rising interest rates, debt and
equity market fluctuations, diminished liquidity and credit availability, increased unemployment rates, decreased investor and consumer
confidence, supply chain challenges, natural catastrophes, the effects of climate change, regional and global conflicts and terrorist
attacks or political disruption or turmoil could result in a variety of risks to our business, including weakened demand for our product
candidates or any future product candidates, if approved, and our ability to raise additional capital when needed on acceptable terms,
if at all. A weak or declining economy or political disruption could also strain our manufacturers or suppliers, possibly resulting in
supply disruption, or cause our customers to delay making payments for our potential products. Any of the foregoing could materially and
adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, and we cannot anticipate all of the ways in which
the political or economic climate and financial market conditions could adversely impact our business. 

18 

Prolonged inflation
rates could negatively impact our revenues and profitability if increases in the prices of our products or a decrease in customer spending
results in lower sales which would adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition . 

Inflation rates, particularly
in the United States and Israel, have increased this year and are prolonged in the past months, at levels not seen in years in many countries
where our customers reside. Continued and increased inflation may result in decreased demand for our products and services, increased
operating costs (including our labor costs), reduced liquidity, and limitations on our ability to access credit or otherwise raise debt
and equity capital. In addition, the United States Federal Reserve has raised, and may again raise, interest rates in response to concerns
about inflation. Increases in interest rates, especially if coupled with reduced government spending and volatility in financial markets,
may have the effect of further increasing economic uncertainty and heightening these risks. In an inflationary environment, we may be
unable to raise the sales prices of our products at or above the rate at which our costs increase, which could have a material and adverse
effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Accordingly, the U.S. dollar has strengthened against foreign currencies
as a result of the United States Federal Reserve s actions to lower inflation, which is affecting our business partners, where they
sell local currency to the end-user of our products and services. 

We may need to
raise additional capital to meet our business requirements in the future, and such capital raising may be costly or difficult to obtain
and could dilute our stockholders ownership interests. 

In order for us to pursue our business objectives,
we may need to raise additional capital, which additional capital may not be available on reasonable terms or at all. Any additional capital
raised through the sale of equity or equity-backed securities may dilute our shareholders ownership percentages and could also
result in a decrease in the market value of our equity securities. The terms of any securities issued by us in future capital transactions
may be more favorable to new investors, and may include preferences, superior voting rights and the issuance of warrants or other derivative
securities, which may have a further dilutive effect on the holders of any of our securities then outstanding. In addition, we may incur
substantial costs in pursuing future capital financing, including investment banking fees, legal fees, accounting fees, securities law
compliance fees, printing and distribution expenses and other costs. We may also be required to recognize non-cash expenses in connection
with certain securities we issue, such as convertible notes and warrants, which may adversely impact our financial condition. 

Our indebtedness could adversely affect
our ability to raise additional capital to fund operations, limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry and prevent
us from meeting our financial obligations. 

We currently have one outstanding loan with Migdalor,
in the original principal amount of approximately 6 million, of which approximately 5.0 million remains outstanding as of December 31,
2022, and which is secured by all our assets. If we cannot generate sufficient cash flow from operations to service our debt, we may need
to further refinance our debt, dispose of assets or issue equity to obtain necessary funds. 

Furthermore, on December 21,
2022, pursuant to the terms of the Senior Loan Agreement between Migdalor and our wholly owned subsidiary, Actelis Networks Israel, Ltd.,
dated December 2, 2020, as amended (the Loan Agreement ), to satisfy our obligation associated with the cover/debt ratio
(as defined in the Loan Agreement), we deposited 2 million to a Company-owned interest bearing bank account, or the designated
account (as defined in the Loan Agreement). An additional 2 million was deposited in the designated account on or about February
28, 2023, as agreed between Migdalor and us. 

We do not know whether we will be able to generate
sufficient cash flow from operations or raise additional capital to fund operating activities on a timely basis, on terms satisfactory
to us, or at all. Our indebtedness could have important consequences, including: 

our ability to obtain additional debt or equity financing
for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes may be limited; 

a portion of our cash flows from operations will be dedicated
to the payment of principal and interest on the indebtedness and will not be available for other purposes, including operations, capital
expenditures and future business opportunities; 

our ability to adjust to changing market conditions may be
limited and may place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to less-leveraged competitors, if such exist; and 

we may be vulnerable during a downturn in general economic
conditions or in our business, or may be unable to carry on capital spending that is important to our growth. 

19 

To support our business growth, in the past years
we increased our focus on serving certain IoT verticals, while continuing to serve our existing Telco customers. This change in our strategy
may make it more difficult to evaluate our business growth and future prospects, and may increase the risk that we will not be successful
in our plans. 

Since our inception, our business was focused
on serving Telcos for enterprises and residential customers. Our products and solutions have been deployed with more than 100 telecommunication
service providers worldwide, in enterprise, residential and mobile base station connectivity applications. In recent years, as we have
further developed our technology and rolled out additional products, we turned our focus on serving the IoT markets. Our operations are
focused on our fast-growing IoT business, while maintaining our commitment to our existing Telco customers. A significant portion of our
revenue is from our existing Telco customers. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, our Telco customers
in the aggregate accounted for approximately 35 and 48 of our revenues, respectively. 

Our change in strategy and our efforts to serve
the IoT verticals that we have focused on may prove more expensive than we currently anticipate, or may require longer development and
deployment times, and we may not succeed in fully penetrating such IoT verticals, or at all. 

We may have ineffective sales and marketing
efforts. 

Our sales and marketing efforts to drive growth
may be ineffective as we try to win new deals either directly with end-user customers, or indirectly through business partners, distributors,
system integrators or value-add resellers. These ineffective efforts may cause us to miss our planned growth and harm our financial results. 

We are dependent on the supply of electronic
and mechanical components and our business would be harmed if we do not receive sufficient supply of such components in number and performance
to meet our production requirements and product specifications in a timely and cost-effective manner. 

We rely on a supply of electronic and mechanical
components of our final products to be able to fulfill and deliver customer orders. Such supply has been interrupted from time to time,
particularly as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, and if such interruption continues, it may cause us to be unable to fulfill and deliver
such customer orders on expected delivery lead times. Such long lead times may cause customers to avoid placing orders or reduce future
orders. As a result, such interruptions, if they continue, will reduce our ability to grow our business at the pace we expect and may
cause us to miss our operating business plans. 

In most cases, we do not have guaranteed supply
arrangements with our suppliers, and our business relies on placing orders to our suppliers as we receive forecasts or orders from our
customers. Because of the variability and uniqueness of customers orders, we do not maintain an extensive inventory of materials
for manufacturing. Through our procurement and production planning, we seek to minimize the risk of production and service interruptions
and/or shortages of key parts by, among other things, monitoring the financial stability of key suppliers, identifying (and often qualifying)
possible alternative suppliers, placing longer term orders for components and maintaining appropriate inventories of key components. Although
we make reasonable efforts to ensure that components are available from multiple suppliers, certain key components are available only
from a single supplier or a limited group of suppliers. Also, key components we obtain from some of our suppliers incorporate the suppliers 
proprietary intellectual property; in those cases, we are more reliant on third parties for high-performance, high-technology components,
which reduces the amount of control we have over the availability and protection of the technology and intellectual property that is used
in our products. In addition, if certain of our key suppliers experience liquidity issues and are forced to discontinue operations, it
could affect their ability to deliver parts and could result in delays for our products. Similarly, our suppliers themselves have increasingly
complex supply chains, and delays or disruptions at any stage of their supply chains may prevent us, and have prevented us, from obtaining
components in a timely manner and result in delays for our products. Our operating results and business may be adversely impacted if we
are unable to obtain components to meet our production requirements and product specifications, or if we are able to do so only on unfavorable
terms. 

We outsource our product manufacturing and
are dependent on our key manufacturers, and on our component and OEM suppliers. We are susceptible to problems, and have encountered problems
in the past, in connection with procurement, decreasing quality, reliability, and protectability. 

Our devices are assembled by using fully manufactured
parts, the manufacturing of which has been fully outsourced, and we have no direct control over the manufacturing processes of our products.
We outsource procurement and manufacturing activities to certain key manufacturers and certain component and OEM suppliers. 

We also purchase unique components and products
from suppliers who are exclusively able to fulfill such supply. We may lose some or all of these relationships, or have a material weakness
in negotiating favorable terms, or such unique components have or may be declared end-of-life which may require product design changes.
Such circumstances have hurt our profitability in the past, and may hurt our profitability in the future, and negatively affect our ability
to deliver our product on time to customers. 

20 

Our lack of control in our manufacturing process
due to the fact that we outsource our product manufacturing may increase quality or reliability risks and could limit our ability to quickly
increase or decrease production rates. If necessary, switching production to other or additional subcontractors will entail a material
cost and a temporary decrease in our productivity. Our manufacturing process has been disrupted in the past, and may be disrupted in the
future, by various factors, including but not limited to shipping delays, bottlenecks resulting from raw materials specific shortages,
quality problems or a decrease in quality, manpower shortages by the manufacturers or political unease that would trigger the closure
of a facility or financial insolvency. 

Furthermore, a supplier may discontinue production
of a particular part for any number of reasons, which may require us to purchase a large inventory of such discontinued parts in order
to ensure that a continuous supply of such parts remains available to our customers. Such end-of-life parts purchases could
result in significant expenditures by us in a particular period, and ultimately any unused parts may result in a significant inventory
write-off, either of which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations for the applicable periods.
Additionally, in case any part embedded in our products is no longer available, we may be required to redesign such product in order to
enable usage of alternative parts, or be forced to announce end-of-life of such product. Refer to Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, for additional information on supply constraints related to the
COVID-19 pandemic. 

Demand for our products and solutions may
not grow or may decline. 

We may experience a reduction in customer demand
as a result of either of competition from other companies, technological changes required by our target markets, or disruptions of existing
and new customer relationships. Such demand reduction will prevent us from realizing our planned growth. 

Our gross margins may not increase or may
deteriorate. 

If our gross margins do not increase as planned
or deteriorate, it will be harder for us to achieve profitability, which could substantially impact our business and ability to carry
on operations if other financing sources are not secured on satisfactory terms. Our gross margins may deteriorate as a result of either
reductions of customers price points, increases in product component and manufacturing costs, or unfavorable changes in the mix between
more and less profitable customers and/or products. 

Changes in the price and availability of
our raw materials and shipping could be detrimental to our profitability. 

Chipsets, electronic and mechanical components
are significant components of our products. Over the past two years, the prices and availability of electronic and mechanical components
have been constantly increasing. 

Furthermore, our products are assembled with various
contract manufacturers located in Israel and in Taiwan. As a result of the of COVID-19 pandemic, the world is experiencing shortages of
electronic components. We have already experienced instances of limited supply of certain raw materials and shipping delays, which resulted
in extended lead times, increased shipping costs and higher-than-usual backlogs. If the prices of such components and shipping were to
continue to increase, or if shipping delays continue to occur, such price changes and shipping delays could have a negative effect on
our gross margin and have a negative effect on revenues and earnings. 

We may have previously agreed to set prices with
our customers and any changes in supply costs may decrease our margin and directly affect profitability. If prices increase, supply interruptions,
shipping delays, or shortages of materials continue to occur, it could have a negative effect on revenues and earnings. 

Expanding our operations and marketing efforts
to meet expected growth may impact profitability if actual growth is less than expected. 

To meet expected growth, we plan to expand operations,
including additional hiring, advertising, and promotion. If actual growth is less than expected, it would negatively impact our ability
to become profitable, which would require we raise additional capital if required, which may not be available on favorable terms, or at
all, which would impact our ability to carry on operations. 

21 

If our internal company cyber-security measures
are breached or fail and unauthorized access is obtained to our IT environment, we may incur significant losses of data, which we may
not be able to recover and may experience a delay in our ability to conduct our day-to-day business. 

As cybersecurity attacks continue to evolve and
increase, our cyber-security measures and our IT environment could be penetrated or compromised by internal and external parties 
intent on extracting confidential information, disrupting business processes, corrupting information, or looking to force the Company
to pay a ransom. These risks could arise from external parties or from acts or omissions of internal or service provider personnel. Such
unauthorized access could disrupt our business and could result in the loss of assets, litigation, remediation costs, damage to our reputation
and failure to retain or attract customers following such an event, which could adversely affect our business. 

Cyber attackers update their methods frequently.
Sometimes cyberattacks are unrecognizable at the time of their occurrence and even long after. In addition, cyber incidents can occur
as a result of non-technological failures, like human error or malicious acts. In some cases, information security incidents at our customers
or suppliers can also lead to information security incidents in our information systems. For these reasons, we cannot guarantee that the
safeguards taken by us and the safeguards we will take in the future will completely prevent information security incidents or damages
that may result from them as detailed above. 

We provide cyber security features as part
of our products that may not completely prevent information security breaches, and our products are installed in live customer environments
and may be compromised by cyber-attacks and damage customer assets. 

Our products include cyber-security features such
as data-traffic encryption that are engineered to protect our customers data and environment. Cyber-attacks become more sophisticated
and evolve quickly, and these features may fail to protect our customers as intended and fail at preventing information security breaches.
We plan to offer new cyber security products and features which we will either develop internally, obtain from partnerships with third-parties,
or through acquisitions in the future. These planned new cyber-security products and features may fail to protect our customers as intended
and not prevent information security breaches. 

Our products are installed in live customer network
environments, and may be subject to cyber-attacks seeking access to our customers networks through our products. Those cyber-attack attempts
may take advantage of vulnerabilities of our products within the networks, vulnerabilities that may be known or unknown to us. 

Our products and services include information
systems and digital data of various types, including data kept by our employees, suppliers, and customers (and their own customers). In
recent years there has been an increase in the frequency and severity of cyber incidents (including cybercrime). This trend is expected
to continue in the future and even worsen, despite all the defense mechanisms employed against it. Cyber events can lead to unauthorized
access, unauthorized disclosure, misuse, disruption, deletion, or modification of the Company and its customer assets, data, and processing,
as well as disrupting day-to-day operations, computing services, and significantly slowing them down and even disabling information
systems. 

In the event of damage caused by such cyber-attacks,
we may suffer negative consequences, such as disruption of the Company s and/or our customers activities, disruption of or
disabling information systems, theft of our and/or our customers data, or damage to its reputation thus affecting clients 
trust in the Company, and potentially exposing it to lawsuits. In such cases, our business results may be severely harmed. 

We depend on key information systems and
third-party service providers. 

We depend on key information systems to transact
our business accurately and efficiently. These systems and services are vulnerable to interruptions or other failures resulting from,
among other things, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, software, equipment or digital failures, processing errors, computer viruses,
other security issues or supplier defaults. Security, backup, and disaster recovery measures may not be adequate or implemented properly
to avoid such disruptions or failures. Any disruption or failure of these systems or services could cause substantial errors, processing
inefficiencies, security breaches, inability to use the systems or process transactions, loss of customers or other business disruptions,
all of which could negatively affect our business and financial performance. 

22 

We depend on our management team and other
key employees, and the loss of one or more of these employees or an inability to attract and retain highly skilled employees could adversely
affect our business. 

Our future success depends, in part, on our ability
to continue to attract and retain highly skilled personnel. The loss of the services of any of our key personnel, the inability to attract
or retain qualified personnel, or delays in hiring required personnel, particularly in engineering and sales, may seriously and adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Although we have entered into employment or consulting agreements
with our personnel, their employment is generally for no specific duration. 

Our future performance also depends on the continued
services and continuing contributions of our senior management team, which includes Tuvia Barlev, our Chief Executive Officer, to execute
on our business plan and to identify and pursue new opportunities and product innovations. The loss of services of our senior management
team, particularly our Chief Executive Officer, could significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our development and strategic
objectives, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We may face the effects of increased competition
and rapid technological changes. 

The industry in which we are engaged is subject
to rapid and significant technological change. There can be no assurance that our systems can be upgraded to meet future innovations which
will be required to meet our customer s requirements, or that new technologies will be adopted successfully by us, or existing technologies
will not be improved, which would render the offerings obsolete or non-competitive. Companies we compete with enjoy significant competitive
advantages, including greater name recognition; greater financial, technical, and service resources; established networks; additional
product offerings; and greater resources for product development and sales and marketing. 

There can be no assurance that other established
networking technology companies, any of which would likely have greater resources than us, will not enter the market. In addition, new
competitors may enter the marketplace and/or begin offering networking technology products and solutions and in channels similar to or
competing with ours. Such competition may reduce demand for our products and impact the growth prospects and ability to achieve profitability,
which may require us to raise new capital, which may not be available on favorable terms, or at all, and that would impair our ability
to carry on operations. 

We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete
successfully against any of these competitors. Our failure to compete successfully with our competitors could harm our business. 

We are dependent on skilled human capital. 

Our ability to innovate and execute its business
plans is dependent on the ability to hire, replace, and train skilled personnel. The employment market suffers from shortages of candidates,
and such shortages may continue in future years, causing delays and preventing us from executing our plans. 

Our results of operations are likely to
fluctuate from quarter to quarter and year to year, which could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. 

Our results of operations, including our revenue,
cost of revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, cash flow, and deferred revenue, have fluctuated from quarter to quarter and year to
year in the past and may continue to vary significantly in the future so that period-to-period comparisons of our results of operations
may not be meaningful. Accordingly, our financial results in any one quarter should not be relied upon as indicative of future performance.
Our quarterly financial results may fluctuate as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control, may be difficult
to predict, and may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business. Factors that may cause fluctuations in our quarterly
financial results include: 

our ability to attract new customers and increase revenue
from our existing customers; 

the loss of existing customers; 

customer satisfaction with our products, solutions, platform
capabilities and customer support; 

mergers and acquisitions or other factors resulting in the
consolidation of our customer base; 

mix of our revenue; 

our ability to gain new partners and retain existing partners; 

fluctuations in share-based compensation expense; 

decisions by potential customers to purchase competing offerings
or develop in-house technologies and solutions as alternatives to our offerings; 

23 

changes in the spending patterns of our customers; 

the amount and timing of operating expenses related to the
maintenance and expansion of our business and operations, including investments in research and development, sales and marketing, and
general and administrative resources; 

network outages; 

developments or disputes concerning our intellectual property
or proprietary rights, our products and services, or third-party intellectual property or proprietary rights; 

negative publicity about our company, our offerings or our
partners, including as a result of actual or perceived breaches of, or failures relating to, privacy, data protection or data security; 

the timing of expenses related to the development or acquisition
of technologies or businesses and potential future charges for impairment of goodwill from acquired companies; 

general economic, industry, and market conditions; 

the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, or any other
pandemic, epidemic, outbreak of infectious disease or other global health crises on our business, the businesses of our customers and
partners and general economic conditions; 

the impact of political uncertainty or unrest; 

changes in our pricing policies or those of our competitors; 

fluctuations in the growth rate of the markets that our offerings
address; 

seasonality in the underlying businesses of our customers,
including budgeting cycles, purchasing practices and usage patterns; 

the business strengths or weakness of our customers; 

our ability to collect timely on invoices or receivables; 

the cost and potential outcomes of future litigation or other
disputes; 

future accounting pronouncements or changes in our accounting
policies; 

our overall effective tax rate, including impacts caused
by any reorganization in our corporate tax structure and any new legislation or regulatory developments; 

our ability to successfully expand our business in the United States
and internationally; 

fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; and 

the timing and success of new products and solutions introduced
by us or our competitors, or any other change in the competitive dynamics of our industry, including consolidation among competitors,
customers or partners. 

The impact of one or more of the foregoing or
other factors may cause our results of operations to vary significantly. Such fluctuations make forecasting more difficult and could cause
us to fail to meet the expectations of investors and securities analysts, which could cause the trading price of our common stock to fall
substantially, resulting in the loss of all or part of your investment, and subject us to costly lawsuits, including securities class
action suits. 

24 

The loss of one or more of our significant
customers, or any other reduction in the amount of revenue we derive from any such customer, would adversely affect our business, financial
condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 

Our future success is dependent on our ability
to establish and maintain successful relationships with a diverse set of customers. 

We currently derive a significant portion of our
revenue from a limited number of our customers. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, our top ten
customers in the aggregate accounted for approximately 82 and 78 of our revenues. 

We expect to continue to derive a significant
portion of our revenue from a limited number of customers in the future and, in some cases, the portion of our revenue attributable to
individual customers may increase. The loss of one or more significant customers or a reduction in the amount of revenue we derive from
any such customer could significantly and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Customers may
choose not to renew their contracts or may otherwise reduce the breadth of the offerings which they purchase for any number of reasons.
We are also subject to the risk that any such customer will experience financial difficulties that prevent them from making payments to
us on a timely basis or at all. 

We are currently operating in a period of
economic uncertainty and capital markets disruption, which has been significantly impacted by geopolitical instability due to the ongoing
military conflict between Russia and Ukraine. Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely
affected by any negative impact on the global economy and capital markets resulting from the conflict in Ukraine or any other geopolitical
tensions. 

U.S. and global markets are experiencing volatility
and disruption following the escalation of geopolitical tensions and the start of the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine. On
February 24, 2022, a full-scale military invasion of Ukraine by Russian troops was reported. Although the length and impact of the ongoing
military conflict is highly unpredictable, and although we currently have no operations or sales in either Russia or Ukraine, the conflict
in Ukraine could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, as well
as supply chain interruptions for some of our components. Additionally, this conflict could
lead to sanctions, embargoes, regional instability, geopolitical shifts, cyberattacks, other retaliatory actions, and adverse effects
on macroeconomic conditions, currency exchange rates, and financial markets, which could adversely impact our operations and financial
results, as well as those of third parties with whom we conduct business. Our operations would be particularly vulnerable
to potential interruptions in the supply of certain critical materials and metals, such as neon gas and palladium, which are used in semiconductor
manufacturing. Any interruption to semiconductor chip supply could significantly impact our ability to receive the components and timely
roll-out of our operations. Furthermore, any potential increase in geopolitical tensions in Asia, particularly in the Taiwan Strait, could
also significantly disrupt existing semiconductor chip manufacturing and increase the prospect of an interruption to the semiconductor
chip supply across the world. A significant portion of the world s semiconductor manufacturing is in Taiwan, and similar geopolitical
tensions there could create further supply chain disruptions, which could result in further delays for our products components. 

The world s largest semiconductor chip manufacturer
is located in Taiwan and a large part of equipment and materials, is manufactured in, and imported from, Taiwan. A setback to the current
state of relative peace and stability in the region could compromise existing semiconductor chip production and have downstream implications
for our company. We are continuing to monitor the situation in Ukraine and globally and assessing its potential impact on our business. 

Governments in the United States and many other
countries, or the Sanctioning Bodies, have imposed economic sanctions on certain Russian individuals, including politicians, and Russian
corporate and banking entities. The Sanctioning Bodies, or others, could also institute broader sanctions on Russia, including banning
Russia from global payments systems that facilitate cross-border payments. These sanctions, or even the threat of further sanctions, may
result in the decline of the value and liquidity of Russian securities, a weakening of the ruble or other adverse consequences to the
global economy. 

The current war in Ukraine, and geopolitical events
stemming from such conflicts, could cause consumer confidence and spending to decrease or result in increased volatility in the United
States and worldwide financial markets and economy. The extent and duration of the military action, resulting sanctions and resulting
future market disruptions in the region are impossible to predict, but could be significant and have a severe adverse effect worldwide
financial markets and economy. 

25 

The effects of health pandemics, such as
the ongoing global COVID-19 pandemic, have had, and could in the future have, an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

In December 2019, a novel coronavirus disease,
or COVID-19, was first reported and on March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization characterized COVID-19 as a pandemic. The widespread
health crisis is adversely affecting the broader economies, financial markets and overall demand environment for many of our products. 

Our operations and the operations of our suppliers,
channel partners and customers were disrupted to varying degrees by a range of external factors related to the COVID-19 pandemic, some
of which are not within our control. Many governments imposed, and may yet impose, a wide range of restrictions on the physical movement
of people in order to limit the spread of COVID-19. The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and likely will continue to have, an impact on the
attendance and productivity of our employees, and those of our channel partners or customers, resulting in negative impacts to our results
of operations and overall financial performance. We suffered delays in realization of certain new orders from our customers, delay in
testing of some of our new technologies in customer premises and difficulty conducting business development activities in an effective
way (face-to-face). In addition, we had to increase our credit lines by 2.0 million to support the loss of revenue and profit. Additionally,
COVID-19 has resulted, and likely will continue to result, in delays in non-residential construction, non-crisis-related IT purchases
and project completion schedules in general, all of which can negatively impact our results in both current and future periods. 

The duration and extent of the impact from the
COVID-19 pandemic or any future epidemic or pandemic depends on future developments that cannot be accurately predicted at this time,
such as the severity and transmission rate of the virus, the extent and effectiveness of containment actions, the effects of measures
enacted by policy makers and central banks around the globe, and the impact of these and other factors on our employees, customers, channel
partners and suppliers. If we are not able to respond to and manage the impact of such events effectively, our business will be affected. 

Our performance is affected by general economic
and political conditions and taxation policies . 

The success of our activities may be affected
by general economic and market conditions, like interest rates, currency exchange rate fluctuations, availability of credit, inflation
rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws, and United States and international political circumstances. Unexpected volatility
or illiquidity could impair profitability or result in losses. 

We may be adversely affected by the political
and economic situation in the U.S., Europe and a number of countries in Asia. 

The U.S. communications market is directly
affected by economic developments in the U.S. economy. The European and Asian communications market is similarly reliant on political
and economic stability in those regions. Changing trends in these markets may lead to a decrease in investments and a delay in projects,
which could harm our business. To reduce our sensitivity to market changes, we operate in a large number of different vertical markets
and territories. 

Our business could be adversely impacted
by changes in laws and regulations related to government contracts. 

Federal or state government bodies or agencies
have in the past adopted, and may in the future adopt, laws or regulations affecting the use of the Internet as a commercial medium. Legislators,
regulators, or government bodies or agencies may also make legal or regulatory changes or interpret or apply existing laws or regulations
that relate to government contracts. Changes in these laws, regulations or interpretations could require us to modify our platform in
order to comply with these changes, to incur substantial additional costs or divert resources that could otherwise be deployed to grow
our business, or expose us to unanticipated civil or criminal liability, among other things. 

26 

We are subject to laws and regulations worldwide,
changes to which could increase our costs and individually or in the aggregate adversely affect our business. 

We are subject to laws and regulations affecting
our domestic and international operations in a number of areas. These U.S. and foreign laws and regulations affect our activities including,
but not limited to, in areas of labor, health and safety, tax, import and export requirements, foreign exchange controls and cash repatriation
restrictions, data privacy requirements, anti-competition, and environmental. 

Compliance with these laws, regulations and similar
requirements may be onerous and expensive, and they may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, further increasing the cost
of compliance and doing business. Any such costs, which may rise in the future as a result of changes in these laws and regulations or
in their interpretation, could individually or in the aggregate make our products and services less attractive to our customers, delay
the introduction of new products in one or more regions, or cause us to change or limit our business practices. We have implemented policies
and procedures designed to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, but there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors,
or agents will not violate such laws and regulations or our policies and procedures. 

Risks Related to Protecting Our Technology
and Intellectual Property 

Claims by others that we infringe their
intellectual property could force us to incur significant costs or revise the way we conduct our business. 

Our competitors protect their proprietary rights
by means of patents, trade secrets, copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual property. We have not conducted an independent review
of patents and other intellectual property issued to third parties, who may have patents or patent applications relating to our proprietary
technology. We may receive letters from third parties alleging, or inquiring about, possible infringement, misappropriation, or violation
of their intellectual property rights. Any party asserting that we infringe, misappropriate, or violate proprietary rights may force us
to defend ourselves, and potentially our customers, against the alleged claim. These claims and any resulting lawsuit, if successful,
could subject us to significant liability for damages or interruption or cessation of our operations. Any such claims or lawsuit could: 

be time-consuming and expensive to defend, whether meritorious
or not; 

require us to stop providing products or services that use
the technology that infringes the other party s intellectual property; 

divert the attention of our technical and managerial resources; 

require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements
with third-parties, which may not be available on terms that we deem acceptable; 

prevent us from operating all or a portion of our business
or force us to redesign our products, services or technology, which could be difficult and expensive and may make the performance or
value of our product or service offerings less attractive; 

subject us to significant liability for damages or result
in significant settlement payments; or 

require us to indemnify our customers. 

Furthermore, during the course of litigation,
confidential information may be disclosed in the form of documents or testimony in connection with discovery requests, depositions or
trial testimony. Disclosure of our confidential information and our involvement in intellectual property litigation could materially adversely
affect our business. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of intellectual property litigation more effectively than
we can because they have substantially greater resources. In addition, any litigation could significantly harm our relationships with
current and prospective customers. Any of the foregoing could disrupt our business and have a material adverse effect on our business,
operating results and financial condition. 

27 

Our patents and proprietary technology may
be challenged or disputed. 

We hold certain patent and trade secret rights
relating to various aspects of our technologies, which are of material importance to the Company and its future prospects. Any patents
we have obtained or do obtain may be challenged by re-examination or otherwise invalidated or eventually found unenforceable. Both the
patent application process and the process of managing patent disputes can be time consuming and expensive. Competitors may attempt to
challenge or invalidate our patents or may be able to design alternative techniques or devices that avoid infringement of our patents
or develop products with functionalities that are comparable to ours. In the event a competitor infringes upon our patent or other intellectual
property rights, litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights or to defend our patents against challenge, even if successful,
could be expensive and time consuming and could require significant time and attention from our management. We may not have sufficient
resources to enforce our intellectual property rights or to defend our patents against challenges from others. 

Any failure to protect our intellectual
property rights could impair our ability to protect our proprietary technology and our brand. 

Our success and ability to compete depend largely
upon our intellectual property. To date, we have 20 registered patents and one patent application pending in the United States; five
registered patents in Europe, one registered patent in Mexico, and one patent application pending in WIPO, all of which in the general
area of high-speed carrier class Ethernet service and transport over bonded VDSL2, G.SHDSL as well as Fiber. We take reasonable steps
to protect our intellectual property, especially when working with third parties. However, the steps we take to protect our intellectual
property rights may be inadequate. For example, other parties, including our competitors, may independently develop similar technology,
duplicate our services, or design around our intellectual property and, in such cases, we may not be able to assert our intellectual property
rights against such parties. Further, our contractual arrangements may not effectively prevent disclosure of our confidential information
or provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of our confidential information, and we may be unable to detect
the unauthorized use of, or take appropriate steps to enforce, our intellectual property rights. 

We make business decisions about when to seek
patent protection for a particular technology and when to rely upon trade secret protection, and the approach we select may ultimately
prove to be inadequate. Even in cases where we seek patent protection, there is no assurance that the resulting patents will effectively
protect every significant feature of our technology or provide us with any competitive advantages. Moreover, we cannot guarantee that
any of our pending patent application will issue or be approved. The United States Patent and Trademark Office and various foreign
governmental patent agencies also require compliance with a number of procedurals, documentary, fee payment, and other similar provisions
during the patent application process and after a patent has issued. There are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment
or lapse of the patent, or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. If
this occurs, our competitors might be able to enter the market, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. Effective
trademark, copyright, patent, and trade secret protection may not be available in every country in which we conduct business. Further,
intellectual property law, including statutory and case law, in the United States and other countries, is constantly developing,
and any changes in the law could make it harder for us to enforce our rights. 

In order to protect our intellectual property
rights, we may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect these rights. Litigation brought to protect and enforce
our intellectual property rights could be costly, time-consuming, and distracting to management and could result in the impairment or
loss of portions of our intellectual property. Furthermore, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses,
counterclaims, and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights. An adverse determination
of any litigation proceedings could put our intellectual property at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and could put our
related pending patent applications at risk of not issuing. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection
with intellectual property litigation particularly in the US, there is a risk that some of our confidential or sensitive information could
be compromised by disclosure in the event of litigation. In addition, during the course of litigation, there could be public announcements
of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results
to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. Negative publicity related to a decision
by us to initiate such enforcement actions against a client or former client, regardless of its accuracy, may adversely impact our other
client relationships or prospective client relationships, harm our brand and business, and could cause the market price of our common
stock to decline. Our failure to secure, protect, and enforce our intellectual property rights could adversely affect our brand and our
business. 

28 

The lives of our patents may not be
sufficient to effectively protect our products and business. 

Patents have a limited
lifespan. In the United States, if all maintenance fees are paid timely, the natural expiration of a patent is generally 20 years after
its first effective nonprovisional filing date. Although various extensions may be available, the life of a patent, and the protection
it affords, is limited. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates,
patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly after such product candidates are commercialized. Even if patents covering
our product candidates are obtained, once the patent life has expired for a product, we may be open to competition from biosimilar or
generic medications. As a result, our patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing
product candidates similar or identical to ours. Our patents issued as of March 15, 2023 will expire on dates ranging from March 20, 2023
to October 8, 2038, subject to any patent extensions that may be available for such patents. More specifically, the following patents
will expire over the next three years: EP02250273.6, DE 60207187.9-08, US7187711, US7167511, US7003026, US7606315, US7613235, US7587042. 

In addition, although upon
issuance in the United States a patent s life can be increased based on certain delays caused by the USPTO, this increase can be
reduced or eliminated based on certain delays caused by the patent applicant during patent prosecution. A patent term extension based
on regulatory delay may be available in the United States. However, only a single patent can be extended for each marketing approval,
and any patent can be extended only once, for a single product. Moreover, the scope of protection during the period of the patent term
extension does not extend to the full scope of the claim, but instead only to the scope of the product as approved. Laws governing analogous
patent term extensions in foreign jurisdictions vary widely, as do laws governing the ability to obtain multiple patents from a single
patent family. Additionally, we may not receive an extension if we fail to exercise due diligence during the testing phase or regulatory
review process, apply within applicable deadlines, fail to apply prior to expiration of relevant patents or otherwise fail to satisfy
applicable requirements. If we are unable to obtain patent term extension or restoration, or the term of any such extension is less than
we request, the period during which we will have the right to exclusively market our product will be shortened and our competitors may
obtain approval of competing products following our patent expiration and may take advantage of our investment in development and clinical
trials by referencing our clinical and preclinical data to launch their product earlier than might otherwise be the case, and our revenue
could be reduced, possibly materially. If we do not have sufficient patent life to protect our products, our business and results of operations
will be adversely affected. 

We may not be able to adequately defend
against piracy of intellectual property in foreign jurisdictions. 

Considerable research is being performed in countries
outside of the United States, and a number of potential competitors are located in these countries. The laws protecting intellectual
property in some of those countries may not provide adequate protection to prevent our competitors from misappropriating our intellectual
property. Several of these potential competitors may be further along in the process of product development and also operate large, company-funded
research and development programs. As a result, our competitors may develop more competitive or affordable products, or achieve earlier
patent protection or product commercialization than we are able to achieve. Competitive products may render any products that we develop
obsolete. 

29 

Risks Related to Managing Our Business Operations
in Israel 

Potential political, economic, and military
instability in the State of Israel, where our research and development facilities are located, may adversely affect our results of operations. 

Our office where we conduct our research and development,
operations, sales outside the Americas, and administration activities, is located in Israel. Many of our employees are residents of Israel. 

Accordingly, political, economic and military
conditions in Israel and the surrounding region may directly affect our business. Since the establishment of the State of Israel in 1948,
a number of armed conflicts have taken place between Israel and its neighboring Arab countries, the Hamas militant group and the Hezbollah.
Any hostilities involving Israel or the interruption or curtailment of trade between Israel and its trading partners could adversely affect
our operations and results of operations. Ongoing and revived hostilities or other Israeli political or economic factors, such as, an
interruption of operations at the Tel Aviv airport, could prevent or delay our regular operation, product development and delivery of
products. If continued or resumed, these hostilities may negatively affect business conditions in Israel in general and our business in
particular. In the event that hostilities disrupt the ongoing operation of our facilities and our operations may be materially adversely
affected. 

In addition, since 2010 political uprisings and
conflicts in various countries in the Middle East, including Egypt and Syria, are affecting the political stability of those countries.
It is not clear how this instability will develop and how it will affect the political and security situation in the Middle East. This
instability has raised concerns regarding security in the region and the potential for armed conflict. In Syria, a country bordering Israel,
a civil war is taking place. In addition, it is widely believed that Iran, which has previously threatened to attack Israel, has been
stepping up its efforts to achieve nuclear capability. Iran is also believed to have a strong influence among extremist groups in the
region, such as Hamas in Gaza and Hezbollah in Lebanon. Additionally, the Islamic State of Iraq and Levant, a violent jihadist group,
is involved in hostilities in Iraq and Syria. The tension between Israel and Iran and/or these groups may escalate in the future and turn
violent, which could affect the Israeli economy in general and us in particular. Any potential future conflict could also include missile
strikes against parts of Israel, including our offices and facilities. Such instability may lead to deterioration in the political and
trade relationships that exist between the State of Israel and certain other countries. Any armed conflicts, terrorist activities or political
instability in the region could adversely affect business conditions, could harm our results of operations and could make it more difficult
for us to raise capital. Parties with whom we do business may sometimes decline to travel to Israel during periods of heightened unrest
or tension, forcing us to make alternative arrangements when necessary in order to meet our business partners face to face. Several countries,
principally in the Middle East, still restrict doing business with Israel and Israeli companies, and additional countries may impose restrictions
on doing business with Israel and Israeli companies if hostilities in Israel or political instability in the region continues or increases.
Similarly, Israeli companies are limited in conducting business with entities from several countries. For instance, the Israeli legislature
passed a law forbidding any investments in entities that transact business with Iran. In addition, the political and security situation
in Israel may result in parties with whom we have agreements involving performance in Israel claiming that they are not obligated to perform
their commitments under those agreements pursuant to force majeure provisions in such agreements. 

Our employees and consultants in Israel, including
members of our senior management, may be obligated to perform one month, and in some cases longer periods, of military reserve duty until
they reach the age of 40 (or older, for citizens who hold certain positions in the Israeli armed forces reserves) and, in the event of
a military conflict or emergency circumstances, may be called to immediate and unlimited active duty. In the event of severe unrest or
other conflict, individuals could be required to serve in the military for extended periods of time. In response to increases in terrorist
activity, there have been periods of significant call-ups of military reservists. It is possible that there will be similar large-scale
military reserve duty call-ups in the future. Our operations could be disrupted by the absence of a significant number of our officers,
directors, employees and consultants related to military service. Such disruption could materially adversely affect our business and operations.
Additionally, the absence of a significant number of the employees of our Israeli suppliers and contractors related to military service
or the absence for extended periods of one or more of their key employees for military service may disrupt their operations. 

30 

Our insurance does not cover losses that may occur
as a result of an event associated with the security situation in the Middle East or for any resulting disruption in our operations. Although
the Israeli government has in the past covered the reinstatement value of direct damages that were caused by terrorist attacks or acts
of war, we cannot assure you that this government coverage will be maintained or, if maintained, will be sufficient to compensate us fully
for damages incurred and the government may cease providing such coverage or the coverage might not suffice to cover potential damages.
Any losses or damages incurred by us could have a material adverse effect on our business. Any armed conflicts or political instability
in the region would likely negatively affect business conditions generally and could harm our results of operations and product development. 

Further, in the past, the State of Israel and
Israeli companies have been subjected to economic boycotts. Several countries still restrict business with the State of Israel and with
Israeli companies. These restrictive laws and policies may have an adverse impact on our operating results, financial conditions or the
expansion of our business. Similarly, Israeli corporations are limited in conducting business with entities from several countries. 

The Israeli government is currently pursuing changes
to Israel s judicial system, which, if adopted, may have an adverse effect on the macroeconomic conditions in Israel and consequently
on our business and our results of operations 

Actelis Israel received Israeli government
grants for certain of our research and development activities, the terms of which require us to pay royalties and satisfy specified conditions
in order to manufacture products and transfer technologies outside of Israel. If we fail to satisfy these conditions, we may be required
to pay penalties and refund grants previously received. 

Our wholly owned subsidiary, Actelis Israel, which
manages our research and development efforts, has been financed in part through royalty-bearing grants in an aggregate amount of approximately
 14 million (plus accrued interest), received from the Israeli Innovation Authority (formerly known as the Office of the Chief Scientist
of the Israeli Ministry of Economy), or the IIA, as of December 31, 2022. We are committed to pay royalties at a rate of 3.0 on revenues
up to the total amount of grants received, linked to the U.S. dollar and bearing interest at an annual rate of LIBOR applicable to U.S.
dollar deposits. 

We are further required to comply with the requirements
of the Israeli Encouragement of Industrial Research, Development and Technological Innovation Law, 5744-1984 (formerly known as the Law
for Encouragement of Research and Development in the Industry, 1984), as amended, and related regulations, or the Research Law, with respect
to those past grants. When a grantee company develops know-how, technology or products using IIA grants, the terms of these grants and
the Research Law restrict the transfer or license of such know-how, and the transfer of manufacturing or manufacturing rights of such
products, technologies or know-how outside of Israel, without the prior approval of the IIA. Therefore, the discretionary approval of
an IIA committee would be required for any transfer or license to third parties inside or outside of Israel of Actelis Israel s
know how or for the transfer outside of Israel of manufacturing or manufacturing rights related to those aspects of such technologies.
We may not receive those approvals. Furthermore, the IIA may impose certain conditions on any arrangement under which it permits us to
transfer technology or development outside of Israel. 

The transfer or license of IIA-supported technology
or know-how outside of Israel and the transfer of manufacturing of IIA-supported products, technology or know-how outside of Israel may
involve the payment of significant amounts, depending upon the value of the transferred or licensed technology or know-how, our research
and development expenses, the amount of IIA support, the time of completion of the IIA-supported research project and other factors. These
restrictions and requirements for payment may impair our ability to sell, license or otherwise transfer our technology assets outside
of Israel or to outsource or transfer development or manufacturing activities with respect to any product or technology outside of Israel.
Furthermore, the consideration available to our shareholders in a transaction involving the transfer outside of Israel of technology or
know-how developed with IIA funding (such as a merger or similar transaction) may be reduced by any amounts that we are required to pay
to the IIA. 

31 

There are costs and difficulties inherent
in managing cross-border business operations. 

Managing a business, operations, personnel or
assets in another country is challenging and costly. Any management that we may have (whether based abroad or in the United States)
may be inexperienced in cross-border business practices and unaware of significant differences in accounting rules, legal regimes, and
labor practices. Even with a seasoned and experienced management team, the costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business
operations, personnel, and assets can be significant (and much higher than in a purely domestic business) and may negatively impact our
financial and operational performance. 

Employment and other material contracts
we have with our Israeli employees are governed by Israeli laws. Our inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under these agreements could
adversely affect our business and financial condition . 

All employees were asked to sign employment agreements
that contain confidentiality, non-compete and assignment of intellectual property provisions. The employment agreements with our employees
in Israel are governed by Israeli laws. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws and contracts in Israel may not be as
certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States, leading to a higher than usual degree of uncertainty as to
the outcome of any litigation. Our inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of these or future agreements could adversely affect
our business and financial condition. Delay with respect to the enforcement of particular rules and regulations, including those relating
to intellectual property, customs, tax, and labor, could also cause serious disruption to operations abroad and negatively impact our
results. 

Israeli courts have required employers seeking
to enforce non-compete undertakings of a former employee to demonstrate that the competitive activities of the former employee will harm
one of a limited number of material interests of the employer which have been recognized by the courts, such as the secrecy of a company s
confidential commercial information or the protection of its intellectual property. If we cannot demonstrate that such interests will
be harmed, we may be unable to prevent our competitors from benefiting from the expertise of our former employees or consultants and our
ability to remain competitive may be diminished. 

In addition, Chapter 8 of the Israeli Patents
Law, 5727-1967, or the Patents Law, deals with inventions made in the course of an employee s service and during his or her
term of employment, whether or not the invention is patentable, or service inventions. Section 134 of the Patents Law sets forth
that if there is no agreement which explicitly determines whether the employee is entitled to compensation for the service inventions
and the extent and terms of such compensation, such determination will be made by the Compensation and Rewards Committee, a statutory
committee of the Israeli Patents Office. As a result, it is unclear if, and to what extent, our research and development employees may
be able to claim compensation with respect to our future revenues. Such claims, if successfully asserted, could adversely affect our results
of operations and profitability. 

We may be adversely affected by fluctuations
in the currency exchange rate of the Israeli Shekel. 

We compute a significant number of expenses in
Israeli Shekels, both expenses from employees and suppliers. Our customers buy our products priced in US dollars or Euros. The strengthening
of the shekel against the dollar and the euro could erode our profitability. 

Unanticipated changes in our effective tax
rate and additional tax liabilities, including those resulting from our international operations or the implementation of new tax rules,
could harm our future results. 

We are subject to income taxes in the United States
and Israel. Our domestic and international tax liabilities are subject to the allocation of expenses in differing jurisdictions and complex
transfer pricing regulations administered by taxing authorities in various jurisdictions. Tax rates in the jurisdictions in which we operate
may change as a result of factors outside of our control or relevant taxing authorities may disagree with our determinations as to the
income and expenses attributable to specific jurisdictions. In addition, changes in tax and trade laws, treaties or regulations, or their
interpretation or enforcement, have become more unpredictable and may become more stringent, which could materially adversely affect our
tax position. 

32 

Forecasting our estimated annual effective tax
rate is complex and subject to uncertainty, and there may be material differences between our forecasted and actual effective tax rate.
Our effective tax rate could be adversely affected by changes in the mix of earnings and losses in countries with differing statutory
tax rates, certain non-deductible expenses, the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, adjustments to income taxes upon finalization
of tax returns, changes in available tax attributes, decision to repatriate non-U.S. earnings for which we have not previously provided
for U.S. taxes, and changes in federal, state, or international tax laws and accounting principles. 

Finally, we may be subject to income tax audits
throughout the world. An adverse resolution of one or more uncertain tax positions in any period could have a material impact on our results
of operations or financial condition for that period. 

Risks Related to our Common Stock 

The requirements of being a public company
may strain our resources, divert management s attention, and affect our ability to attract and retain executive management and qualified
board members. 

As a public company, we are subject to the reporting
requirements of the Exchange Act, the listing standards of Nasdaq and other applicable securities rules and regulations.
The requirements of these rules and regulations will continue to increase our legal, accounting, and financial compliance costs,
make some activities more difficult, time-consuming, and costly, and place significant strain on our personnel, systems, and resources.
For example, the Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly, and current reports with respect to our
business and results of operations. As a result of the complexity involved in complying with the rules and regulations applicable
to public companies, our management s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could harm our business, results
of operations, and financial condition. 

We also expect that being a public company and
these new rules and regulations will make it more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may
be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage. These factors could also make it more difficult
for us to attract and retain qualified members of our board of directors, particularly to serve on our audit committee and compensation
committee, and qualified executive officers. 

As a result of disclosure of information in filings
required of a public company, our business and financial condition is more visible, which may result in an increased risk of threatened
or actual litigation, including by competitors and other third parties. If such claims are successful, our business and results of operations
could be harmed, and even if the claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these claims, and the time and resources
necessary to resolve them, could divert the resources of our management and harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

The individuals who now constitute our senior
management team have limited experience managing a publicly-traded company and limited experience complying with the increasingly complex
laws pertaining to public companies. Our senior management team may not successfully or efficiently manage our transition to a public
company that is subject to significant regulatory oversight and reporting obligations. 

We are an emerging growth company, 
and our compliance with the reduced reporting and disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies may make
our common stock less attractive to investors. 

We are an emerging growth company, 
as defined in the JOBS Act, and we have elected to take advantage of certain exemptions and relief from various reporting requirements
that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. These provisions include, but are
not limited to: requiring only two years of audited financial statements and only two years of related selected financial data
and management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations disclosures; being exempt from compliance
with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; being exempt from any rules that could
be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board requiring mandatory audit firm rotations or a supplement to the auditor s
report on financial statements; being subject to reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports
and proxy statements; and not being required to hold nonbinding advisory votes on executive compensation or on any golden parachute payments
not previously approved. 

33 

In addition, while we are an emerging growth
company, we will not be required to comply with any new financial accounting standard until such standard is generally applicable
to private companies. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that are not emerging growth companies 
or elect not to avail themselves of this provision. 

We may remain an emerging growth company 
until as late as December 31, 2027, the fiscal year-end following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our IPO, though we may
cease to be an emerging growth company earlier under certain circumstances, including if (1) we have more than 1.07 billion
in annual net revenues in any fiscal year, (2) we become a large accelerated filer, with at least 700 million
of equity securities held by non-affiliates as of the end of the second quarter of that fiscal year or (3) we issue more than 1.0 billion
of non-convertible debt over a three-year period. 

The exact implications of the JOBS Act are still
subject to interpretations and guidance by the SEC and other regulatory agencies, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to take
advantage of all of the benefits of the JOBS Act. In addition, investors may find our common stock less attractive to the extent we rely
on the exemptions and relief granted by the JOBS Act. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be
a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may decline or become more volatile. 

We have identified a material weakness in
our internal control over financial reporting. If we experience material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to implement and maintain
an effective system of internal controls in the future, we may not be able to accurately report our financial condition or results of
operations which may adversely affect investor confidence in us, and as a result, the value of our common stock. 

As a public company, we are subject to significant
requirements for enhanced financial reporting and internal controls. The process of designing and implementing effective internal controls
is a continuous effort that requires us to anticipate and react to changes in our business and the economic and regulatory environments
and to expend significant resources to maintain a system of internal controls that is adequate to satisfy our reporting obligations as
a public company. In addition, we are required, pursuant to Section 404, to furnish a report by management on, among other things,
the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in the second annual report following the completion of our IPO. This
assessment will need to include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial
reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency or combination of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting, such that
there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company s annual and interim financial statements will not be
detected or prevented on a timely basis. 

The rules governing the standards that must be
met for our management to assess our internal control over financial reporting are complex and require significant documentation, testing,
and possible remediation. Testing and maintaining internal controls may divert our management s attention from other matters that
are important to our business. Once we are no longer an emerging growth company, or a smaller reporting company ,
our auditors will be required to issue an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal controls on an annual basis. 

In the course of preparing the financial statements
that are included in this Annual Report, management has determined that a material weakness exists within the internal control over financial
reporting. The material weakness identified relates to lack of a sufficient number of finance personnel to allow for adequate segregation
of duties. We concluded that the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting occurs because as a newly public company,
we do not have the necessary business processes, systems, personnel, and related internal controls necessary to satisfy the accounting
and financial reporting requirements of a public company. 

In order to remediate the material weakness, we
expect to hire additional accounting and finance resources with public company experience or to provide the necessary training for such
new hires without public company experience, and to nominate board members with the required financial literacy. 

We may not be able to fully remediate the identified
material weakness until the steps described above have been completed and our internal controls have been operating effectively for a
sufficient period of time. We believe we will make significant progress in our remediation plan within fiscal year 2023, but cannot assure
that we will be able to fully remediate the material weakness by such time. We also may incur significant costs to execute various aspects
of our remediation plan but cannot provide a reasonable estimate of such costs at this time. 

34 

In accordance with the provisions of the JOBS
Act, we and our independent registered public accounting firm were not required to, and did not, perform an evaluation of our internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 nor any period subsequent in accordance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that we have identified all material weaknesses that may exist. Material weaknesses may still exist
when we report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as required under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act after the completion of the IPO. 

In the future, it is possible that additional
material weaknesses or significant deficiencies may be identified that we may be unable to remedy before the requisite deadline for these
reports. Our ability to comply with the annual internal control reporting requirements will depend on the effectiveness of our financial
reporting and data systems and controls across our company. Any weaknesses or deficiencies or any failure to implement new or improved
controls, or difficulties encountered in the implementation or operation of these controls, could harm our operating results and cause
us to fail to meet our financial reporting obligations, or result in material misstatements in our consolidated financial statements,
which could adversely affect our business and reduce our stock price. 

If we are unable to conclude on an ongoing basis
that we have effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404, our independent registered public
accounting firm may not issue an unqualified opinion. If we are unable to conclude that we have effective internal control over financial
reporting, investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a material adverse effect on the trading
price of our common stock. Failure to remedy any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, or to implement or
maintain other effective control systems required of public companies, could also restrict our future access to the capital markets. 

If we fail to maintain an effective system
of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. As a result,
stockholders could lose confidence in our financial and other public reporting, which would harm our business and the trading price of
our common stock. 

Effective internal controls over financial reporting
are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and, together with adequate disclosure controls and procedures, are designed
to prevent fraud. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation could
cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. In addition, any testing by us conducted in connection with Section 404, or any
subsequent testing by our independent registered public accounting firm, may reveal deficiencies in our internal controls over financial
reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses or that may require prospective or retroactive changes to our financial statements
or identify other areas for further attention or improvement. Inferior internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence
in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock. 

We will be required to disclose changes made in
our internal controls and procedures on a quarterly basis and our management will be required to assess the effectiveness of these controls
annually, beginning with our second annual report on Form 10-K. In addition, our independent registered public accounting firm
will be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, however
they will not be required to do so for so long as we are an emerging growth company. We could be an emerging growth company for up to
five years (i.e., until December 31, 2027). An independent assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial
reporting could detect problems that our management s assessment might not. Undetected material weaknesses in our internal controls
over financial reporting could lead to restatements of our financial statements and require us to incur the expense of remediation. 

Our disclosure controls and procedures may
not prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud. 

We are subject to certain reporting requirements
of the Exchange Act. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to reasonably assure that information required to be disclosed
by us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. We believe that any disclosure controls and procedures
or internal controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that
the objectives of the control system are met. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be
faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual
acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by an unauthorized override of the controls. Accordingly, because of the inherent
limitations in our control system, misstatements or insufficient disclosures due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

35 

An active trading market may not develop
for our securities. 

Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Capital
Market. However, we cannot predict the extent to which investor interest in our Company will lead to the development of an active trading
market in our common stock or how liquid that market might become. If such a market does not develop or is not sustained, it may be difficult
for you to sell your shares of common stock at the time you wish to sell them, at a price that is attractive to you, or at all. 

The trading market for our common stock in the
future could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to several factors, including, but not limited to: 

actual or anticipated variations in our results of operations; 

our ability or inability to generate revenues or profit; 

the number of shares in our public float; and 

increased competition. 

Furthermore, our stock price may be impacted by
factors that are unrelated or disproportionate to our operating performance. These market fluctuations, as well as general economic, political,
and market conditions, such as recessions, interest rates or international currency fluctuations may adversely affect the market price
of our common stock. Additionally, moving forward we anticipate having a limited number of shares in our public float, and as a result,
there could be extreme fluctuations in the price of our common stock. 

Our issuance of additional capital stock
in connection with financings, acquisitions, investments, our 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, or otherwise will dilute all other stockholders. 

In the future, we may need to raise additional
capital through equity and debt financings in order to fund our operations. If we raise capital through equity financings in the future,
that will result in dilution to all other stockholders. We also expect to grant equity awards to employees, directors, and consultants
under our 2015 Equity Incentive Plan. As part of our business strategy, we may acquire or make investments in complementary companies,
products, or technologies and issue equity securities to pay for any such acquisition or investment. Any such issuances of additional
capital stock may cause stockholders to experience significant dilution of their ownership interests and the per-share value of our common
stock to decline. 

We do not intend to pay dividends on our
common stock and, consequently, the ability of common stockholders to achieve a return on investment will depend on appreciation, if any,
in the price of our common stock. 

You should not rely on an investment in our common
stock to provide dividend income. We do not plan to declare or pay any dividends on our capital stock in the foreseeable future. Instead,
we intend to retain any earnings to finance the operation and expansion of our business. Any credit agreements, which we may enter into
with institutional lenders, may restrict our ability to pay dividends. Whether we pay cash dividends in the future will be at the discretion
of our board of directors and will be dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and any other
factors that the board of directors decides is relevant. Therefore, any return on your investment in our capital stock must come from
increases in the fair market value and trading price of the capital stock. 

Future sales of our common stock, or the
perception that future sales may occur, may cause the market price of our common stock to decline, even if our business is doing well. 

Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock
in the public market after our IPO, or the perception that these sales may occur, could materially and adversely affect the price of our
common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. Those shares of common stock
sold in our IPO will be freely tradable, without restriction, in the public market, except for any shares sold to our affiliates. 

After the date of the IPO, when 4,212,500 shares
of common stock became publicly tradable, approximately 13,105,075 additional shares of common stock subject to lock-up agreements
entered into in connection with the IPO, are or will become eligible to be sold in the public market by existing stockholders by May 13,
2023 as a result of Rule 144 of the Securities Act, subject to volume and other limitations imposed under the federal securities laws.
Furthermore, additional shares of our common stock may be publicly tradable as a result of exercises of stock options and restricted stock
units (RSUs) under the 2015 Equity Incentive Plan. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market after the completion
of the IPO, or the perception that such sales could occur, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and could materially
impair our ability to raise capital through offerings of our common stock. 

36 

The market price of our common stock may be volatile and
may decline regardless of our operating performance, and you may lose all or part of your investments. 

The market price of our common stock may fluctuate
significantly in response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: 

overall performance of the equity markets and/or publicly
listed technology companies; 

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our net revenues or
other operating metrics; 

changes in the financial projections we provide to the public
or our failure to meet these projections; 

failure of securities analysts to initiate or maintain coverage
of us, changes in financial estimates by any securities analysts who follow our company, or our failure to meet the estimates or the
expectations of investors; 

the economy as a whole and market conditions in our industry; 

political and economic stability in Israel; 

exchange rate fluctuations between U.S. dollars and
Israeli New Shekel; 

rumors and market speculation involving us or other companies
in our industry; 

announcements by us or our competitors of significant innovations,
acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, or capital commitments; 

new laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing
laws or regulations applicable to our business; 

lawsuits threatened or filed against us; 

recruitment or departure of key personnel; 

other events or factors, including those resulting from war,
incidents of terrorism, or responses to these events; and 

the expiration of contractual lock-up or market standoff
agreements. 

In addition, extreme price and volume fluctuations
in the stock markets have affected and continue to affect many technology companies stock prices. Often, their stock prices have
fluctuated in ways unrelated or disproportionate to the companies operating performance. In the past, securities action litigation
has often been brought against a Company following a decline in the market price of its securities. This risk is especially relevant for
us because technology companies have experienced significant stock price volatility in recent years. If we face such litigation,
it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources, which could harm our business. 

A possible short squeeze due
to a sudden increase in demand of our common stock that largely exceeds supply may lead to price volatility in our common stock. 

Investors may purchase our common stock to hedge
existing exposure in our common stock or to speculate on the price of our common stock. Speculation on the price of our common stock may
involve long and short exposures. To the extent aggregate short exposure exceeds the number of shares of our common stock available for
purchase in the open market, investors with short exposure may have to pay a premium to repurchase our common stock for delivery to lenders
of our common stock. Those repurchases may in turn, dramatically increase the price of our common stock until investors with short exposure
are able to purchase additional common stock to cover their short position. This is often referred to as a short squeeze. 
A short squeeze could lead to volatile price movements in our common stock that are not directly correlated to the performance or prospects
of our common stock and once investors purchase the shares of common stock necessary to cover their short position the price of our common
stock may decline. 

37 

If securities or industry analysts do not
publish research, or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research, about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 

The trading market for our common stock will depend,
in part, on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. Securities and industry analysts
do not currently, and may never, publish research on our company. If no securities or industry analysts commence coverage of our company,
the trading price for our common stock would likely be negatively impacted. In the event securities or industry analysts initiate coverage,
if one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our
stock price would likely decline. In addition, if our operating results fail to meet the forecast of analysts, our stock price would likely
decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common
stock could decrease, which might cause our stock price and trading volume to decline. 

Provisions in our charter documents and
under Delaware law could make an acquisition of our company more difficult, limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our
current board of directors and limit the market price of our common stock. 

Provisions in our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, or the Charter, and bylaws, or the Bylaws, may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes
in our management. Our Charter and Bylaws, include provisions that: 

permit the board of directors to establish the number of
directors and fill any vacancies and newly-created directorships; 

classify our board of directors is classified into three
classes of directors with staggered three-year terms and stockholders will only be able to remove directors from office for cause; and 

provide that the board of directors is expressly authorized
to make, alter, or repeal our Bylaws. 

Moreover, Section 203 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law, or the DGCL, may discourage, delay, or prevent a change in control of our company. Section 203 imposes certain restrictions
on mergers, business combinations, and other transactions between us and holders of 15 or more of our common stock. 

Our Charter provides that derivative actions
brought on our behalf, actions against our directors, officers, employees or agent for breach of fiduciary duty and certain other actions
may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and the stockholders shall be deemed to have consented to this choice
of forum provision, which may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors, officers, other employees or agents. 

Our Charter provides that, unless we consent in
writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum
for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary
duty owed by, or other wrongdoing by, any current or former director, officer, stockholder, employee or agent of the Company to the Company
or the Company s stockholders, (c) any action asserting a claim against us or any current or former director, officer, stockholder,
employee or agent of the Corporation arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, or our Company s Certificate of Incorporation
or Bylaws, (d) any action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of the Company s Certificate of Incorporation
or Bylaws, (e) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine or (f) any action asserting an internal
corporate claim as that term is defined in Section 115 of the General Corporation Law. The federal district courts of the United
States of America shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint, claim or proceeding asserting a cause of action arising
under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act. Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal
and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. 

38 

Stockholders cannot waive compliance with the
federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding
any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provision in our Charter. 

The choice-of-forum provision may limit a stockholder s
ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with the Company or its directors, officers or other
employees, and may result in increased costs to a stockholder who has to bring a claim in a forum that is not convenient to the stockholder,
which may discourage such lawsuits. Although under Section 115 of the DGCL, exclusive forum provisions may be included in a company s
certificate of incorporation, the enforceability of similar forum provisions in other companies certificates or incorporation or
bylaws has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that a court could find these types of provisions to be inapplicable
or unenforceable. If a court were to find the exclusive forum provision of our Charter inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one
or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other
jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a
diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 

Our principal stockholders will continue
to have significant influence over us. 

Our principal stockholders collectively beneficially
own approximately 23 of our outstanding common stock. See Principal Stockholders. These stockholders or their affiliates
will be able to exert significant influence over us and, if acting together, will be able to control matters requiring stockholder approval,
including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions, including a merger, consolidation or sale of all
or substantially all of our assets and the issuance or redemption of equity interests in certain circumstances. The interests of these
stockholders may not always coincide with, and in some cases may conflict with, our interests and the interests of our other stockholders.
For instance, these stockholders could attempt to delay or prevent a change in control of our company, even if such change in control
would benefit our other stockholders, which could deprive our stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their common stock.
This concentration of ownership may also affect the prevailing market price of our common stock due to investors perceptions that
conflicts of interest may exist or arise. As a result, this concentration of ownership may not be in your best interests. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 

We lease our facility in California, which consists
of approximately 3,000 square feet of office, lab and warehouse space. Our lease expires in October 2025. We sublease our facility
in California of approximately 9,000 square feet to a third party. Our lease expires in March 2024. 

We currently lease our facility in Israel, which
consists of approximately 13,000 square feet of office, development and testing laboratories and warehouse space. On or about the expiration
of our current lease in April 2023, we expect to relocate to a new office location in Petach Tikva, consisting of approximately 11,000
square feet of office, development and testing laboratories and warehouse space. 

We believe our facilities are sufficient to meet
our current needs and that suitable space will be available as and when needed. We do not own any real property. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

We are not currently a party to any material legal
proceedings. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not applicable. 

39 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our common stock began trading on the Nasdaq Capital
Market under the symbol ANAS on May 13, 2022. Prior to that time, there was no public market for our common stock. 

Stockholders 

As of March 15, 2023, we had 17,407,565 outstanding
shares of common stock, no outstanding shares of preferred stock, and approximately 58 holders of record of our outstanding shares of
common stock. A significant number of shares of our common stock are held in either nominee name or street name brokerage accounts, and
consequently, we are unable to determine the total number of beneficial owners of our common stock. 

Dividends 

To date, we have not
paid cash dividends on our common stock and do not plan to pay such dividends in the foreseeable future. Our Board will determine our
future dividend policy on the basis of many factors, including results of operations, capital requirements, and general business conditions.
Dividends, under the Delaware General Corporation Law, may only be paid from our net profits or surplus. To date, we have not had a fiscal
year with net profits and, subject to a valuation by the Board of the present value of the Company s assets, do not have surplus. 

Unregistered Sales
of Equity Securities 

We have previously disclosed
all sales of securities without registration under the Securities Act of 1933. 

Repurchases of Equity
Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

There were no repurchases to the Stock Repurchase
Plan during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

40 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

You should read the following discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes and other financial
information appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis
or set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business,
includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. As a result of many factors, including those factors set forth
in Part I, Item 1A - Risk Factors section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our actual results could differ materially
from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. 

Overview 

Actelis Networks, Inc. we, the
Company , Actelis , us , our is a market leader in cyber-hardened, rapid-deployment networking
solutions for wide-area IoT applications including federal, state and local government, intelligent traffic systems ITS ),
military, utility, rail, telecom and campus applications. Our unique portfolio of hybrid fiber-copper, environmentally hardened aggregation
switches, high density Ethernet devices, advanced management software and cyber-protection capabilities, unlocks the hidden value of essential
networks, delivering safer connectivity for rapid, cost-effective deployment. 

A primary focus of ours is to provide our customers
with a cyber-secure network solution. We currently provide Triple-Shield protection of coding, scrambling and encryption of the network
traffic. 

When high speed, long reach, reliable and secure
connectivity is required, network operators usually resort to using wireline communication over physical communication lines rather than
wireless communication that is more limited in performance, reliability and security. However, wireline communication infrastructure is
costly, and, based on our internal calculations, often accounts for more than 50 of total cost of ownership (ToC) and time to deploy
wide-area IoT projects. 

Typically, providing new fiber connectivity to
hard-to-reach locations is costly and time-consuming, often requiring permits for boring, trenching, and right-of-way. Connecting such
hard-to-reach locations may cause significant delays and budget overruns in IoT projects. Our solutions aim to solve these challenges
effectively accelerating deployment of IoT projects, and making IoT projects more affordable and predictable to plan and budget. 

Our solutions can also provide remote power over
existing copper lines to power up network elements and IoT components connected to them (like cameras and meters). Connecting power lines
to millions of IoT locations can be costly and very time consuming (similar to data connectivity). By offering the ability to combine
power delivery over the same existing copper lines that we use for high-speed data, we believe our solutions are solving yet another important
challenge in connecting hard-to-reach locations. We believe that combining communication and power over the same existing lines is particularly
important to help connect many fifth generation, or 5G, small cells and Wi-Fi base stations, as high cost of connectivity and power is
often slowing their deployment. Our solutions have been tested for performance and security by the U.S. DoD laboratories, and approved
for deployment with U.S. Federal Government and U.S. defense forces as part of APL (Approved Product List) in 2019. 

Since our inception, our business was focused
on serving telecommunication service providers, also known as Telcos, providing connectivity for enterprises and residential customers.
Our products and solutions have been deployed with more than 100 telecommunication service providers worldwide, in enterprise, residential
and mobile base station connectivity applications. In recent years, as we have further developed our technology and rolled out additional
products, we turned our focus on serving the wide-area IoT markets. Our operations are focused on our fast-growing IoT business,
while maintaining our commitment to our existing Telco customers. 

41 

We currently derive a significant portion of our
revenue from our existing Telco customers. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, our Telco customers
in the aggregate accounted for approximately 35 and 48 of our revenues, respectively. 

We derive a significant portion of our revenue
from a limited number of our customers. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, our top ten customers in
the aggregate accounted for approximately 82 and 78 of our revenues. 

We currently have one outstanding loan with Migdalor
Business Investments Fund, or Migdalor, in the original principal amount of approximately 6 million which is secured by all our
assets, which remains outstanding as of December 31, 2022 of which approximately 5 million remains outstanding. In December 2022,
we deposited 2 million to a Company-owned interest bearing bank account, or the designated account and an additional 2
million was deposited on or about February 28, 2023. If we cannot generate sufficient cash flow from operations to service our debt, we
may need to further refinance our debt, dispose of assets or issue equity to obtain necessary funds. Migdalor consented to allow us to
seek additional accounts receivable financing which would be used to partially repay the Migdalor Loan, which would reduce or eliminate
the Additional Deposit (as defined in our agreement with Migdalor). We expect to continue repaying the principal and interest of the Migdalor
Loan from our operating cash flow. Please refer to the Liquidity and Financial Condition section below for further discussion. 

Results of Operations 

The table below provides our
results of operations for the periods indicated. 

Year ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Revenues 
 8,831 
 8,545 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 4,721 
 4,575 
 
 Gross profit 
 4,110 
 3,970 
 
 Research and development expenses, net 
 2,766 
 2,443 
 
 Sales and marketing, net 
 3,282 
 2,204 
 
 General and administrative, net 
 4,163 
 1,183 
 
 Operating loss 
 (6,101 
 (1,860 
 
 Interest expenses 
 (830 
 (690 
 
 Other financial expenses, net 
 (4,051 
 (2,701 
 
 Net Comprehensive Loss for the year 
 (10,982 
 (5,251 

Year Ended December 31, 2022, Compared to Year
Ended December 31, 2021 

Revenues 

Our revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022
amounted to 8.8 million, compared to 8.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase from the corresponding period was
primarily attributable to an increase of 626,000 of revenues generated from Europe, the Middle East and Africa, offset by a decrease
of 340,000 in revenues generated from North America and Asia Pacific, of which is primarily attributed to a decline in Telcom customers 
revenues. 

42 

Cost of Revenues 

Our cost of revenues for the
year ended December 31, 2022, amounted to 4.7 million compared to 4.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Research and Development Expenses 

Our research and development
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022, amounted to 2.8 million compared to 2.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021.
The increase was mainly due to an increase in payroll expense for research and development personnel in the amount of 256,000, and an
increase in professional services related to research and development in the amount of 64,000. 

Sales and Marketing Expenses 

Our sales and marketing expenses
for the year ended December 31, 2022, amounted to 3.3 million compared to 2.2 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase from
the corresponding period was mainly a result of our increased investments in sales and marketing, including in payroll expenses for additional
personnel in the amount of 595,000, and increase in commission expenses in the amount of 249,000. We also had an increase in travel
expenses in the amount of 181,000. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

Our general and administrative expenses for the
year ended December 31, 2022, amounted to 4.2 million compared to 1.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was
mainly due to payroll, insurance expenses and professional services expenses, in connection with the IPO completed in May 2022 and our
status as a public company thereafter. 

Operating Loss 

Our operating loss for the year ended December
31, 2022, was 6.1 million, compared to an operating loss of 1.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was mainly
due to higher expenses associated primarily with investment in sales and marketing and expenses attributed to the IPO completed in May
2022 and costs associated with our status as a public company. 

Financial Expenses, Net 

Our financial expense, net for the year ended
December 31, 2022, was 4.9 million (including 0.8 million interest expenses) compared to 3.4 million (including 0.7 million interest
expenses) for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase during the year ended December 31, 2022 is due to us incurring financial
expenses in connection with increases in fair value of various financial instruments, such as convertible loan, note and warrants in the
amount of 4.5 million up until the IPO when such instruments converted to equity. Additionally, during the year ended December 31,
2022, we had income in the amount of 0.5 million from exchange rate differences. Since all convertible loans and nearly all warrants
we had outstanding converted to equity in connection with the IPO, we do not expect additional material financial expenses going
forward for these loans and warrants. 

Net Loss 

Our net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022
was 11 million, compared to a net loss of 5.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily due to the increase
in financial expenses, resulting from the increases in fair value of various financial instruments, as well as an increase in operating
expenses mainly due to investment in sales and marketing, as well as expenses attributed to our IPO in May 2022 and being a public company. 

43 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

(U.S. dollars in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Revenues 
 8,831 
 8,545 
 
 GAAP net loss 
 (10,982 
 (5,251 
 
 Interest Expense 
 830 
 690 
 
 Other financial expenses, net 
 4,051 
 2,701 
 
 Tax Expense 
 94 
 87 
 
 Fixed asset depreciation expense 
 23 
 37 
 
 Stock based compensation 
 220 
 53 
 
 Research and development, capitalization 
 525 
 586 
 
 Other one-time costs and expenses 
 1,714 
 - 
 
 Non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDA 
 (4,065 
 (1,097 
 
 GAAP net loss margin 
 (124.36 
 (61.45 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA margin 
 (46.03 
 (12.84 

Use of Non-GAAP Financial Information 

Non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDA,
Adjusted EBITDA margin are Non-GAAP financial measures. Their most directly comparable financial measures prepared in accordance with
GAAP are GAAP net loss and GAAP net loss margin. In addition to reporting financial results in accordance with GAAP, we provide Non-GAAP
supplemental operating results adjusted for certain items, including: financial expenses, which are interest, financial instrument fair
value adjustments, exchange rate differences of assets and liabilities, stock based compensation expenses, depreciation and amortization
expense, tax expense, and impact of development expenses ahead of product launch. We adjust for the items listed above and show non-GAAP
financial measures in all periods presented, unless the impact is clearly immaterial to our financial statements. When we calculate the
tax effect of the adjustments, we include all current and deferred income tax expense commensurate with the adjusted measure of pre-tax
profitability. 

We utilize the adjusted results
to review our ongoing operations without the effect of these adjustments but not for comparison to budgeted operating results. We believe
the supplemental adjusted results are useful to investors because they help them compare our results to previous periods and provide important
insights into underlying trends in the business and how management oversees and optimizes our business operations on a day-to-day
basis. We exclude the costs in calculating adjusted results to allow us and investors to evaluate the performance of the business based
upon its expected ongoing operating structure. We believe the adjusted measures, accompanied by the disclosure of the costs of these programs,
provides valuable insight to our financial performance. Adjusted results should be considered only in conjunction with results reported
according to GAAP. 

44 

The non-GAAP financial measures
are presented for supplemental informational purposes only. They should not be considered a substitute for financial information presented
in accordance with GAAP, and may be different from similarly-titled non-GAAP measures used by other companies. A reconciliation is provided
above for each non-GAAP financial measure to the most directly comparable financial measure stated in accordance with GAAP. Investors
are encouraged to review the related GAAP financial measures and the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their most
directly comparable GAAP financial measures. 

For the year ended December 31 
 
 (U.S. dollars in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 
 8,831 
 8,545 

Non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDA 
 (4,065 
 (1,097 

As a percentage of revenues 
 (46.03 
 (12.84 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Since our inception, we have
financed our operations primarily through the sale of equity securities, debt financing, convertible loans and royalty-bearing grants
that we received from the Israel Innovation Authority. Our primary requirements for liquidity and capital are to finance working capital,
capital expenditures and general corporate purposes. We also received proceeds of 15.4 million, net of underwriting discounts and commissions
and other offering costs of 1.0 million, following our IPO in May 2022. 

We have incurred significant losses and negative
cash flows from operations and incurred losses of 11 million and 5.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had negative cash flows from operations of 7.8 million and 2.7 million, respectively.
As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 33.4 million. We had cash on hand (including short term deposits and restricted
cash) of 6 million, and long-term deposits and restricted cash of 2.4 million, as of December 31, 2022. We monitor our cash flow projections
on a current basis and take active measures to obtain the funding we require to continue our operations. However, these cash flow projections
are subject to various uncertainties concerning their fulfillment, such as the ability to increase revenues due to lack of customers or
decrease cost structure. Our transition to profitable operations is dependent on generating a level of revenue adequate to support our
cost structure. 

Our future capital requirements
will be affected by many factors, including our revenue growth, the timing and extent of investments to support such growth, the expansion
of sales and marketing activities, increases in general and administrative costs, repayment of principal of our existing credit line,
working capital to support securing raw material supply and many other factors as described under Risk Factors. 

To the extent additional funds
are necessary to meet our long-term liquidity needs as we continue to execute our business strategy, and cannot generate significant
recurring revenues, profit and cash flow provided by operating activity, we anticipate that they will be obtained through the incurrence
of additional indebtedness, additional equity financings or a combination of these potential sources of funds. However, such financing
may not be available on favorable terms, or at all. In particular, the repercussions from the COVID 19 pandemic, inflation, economic uncertainty,
as well as the war between Russia and the Ukraine, has resulted in, and may continue to result in, significant disruption of global financial
markets, reducing our ability to access capital. If we are unable to raise additional funds when desired, our business, financial condition
and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Our revenues for the year
ended December 31, 2022, increased by 3.3 , as we increased product and service delivery to our customers and successfully reduced our
supply shortages. 

45 

Cash Flows 

The table below, for the periods indicated,
provides selected cash flow information: 

(U.S. dollars in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 2021 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (7,768 
 (2,726 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (4,034 
 (54 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 15,286 
 2,904 
 
 Net change in cash 
 3,484 
 124 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash of 4.3 million compared to 0.8 million of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
as of December 31, 2021. 

Cash used in operating activities
amounted to 7.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase
in cash used in operating activities was mainly due to increase in operating expenses, as well as expenses associated with our IPO and
from operating as a public company. 

Net cash used in investing
activities was 4.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to cash used in investing activities of 0.1 million for the
year ended December 31, 2021. The increase from the corresponding period was mainly due to change in short and long-term deposits, related
to depositing cash into company interest bearing bank deposits in part due to increased collateral provided to our manufacturers. 

Net cash provided by financing
activities was 15.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The
cash flow from financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022, resulted from proceeds from the Company s IPO in the amount
of 15.4 million, net of underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering costs of 1.0 million. In addition, the increase is
related to the 1.85 million raised from the private placement first and second closings. 

Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act.
Our management has conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control
over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and
the preparation of our financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 

A material weakness is a deficiency or combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. An effective internal control system,
no matter how well designed, has inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error or overriding of controls, and therefore
can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to reliable financial reporting. Because of its inherent limitations, our internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention
or overriding of controls or fraud. Effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation
and fair presentation of financial statements. 

46 

In connection with the preparation of our financial
statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we identified a material weakness in our internal control
over financial reporting in the lack of sufficient finance personnel in the segregation of duties. As such, there is a reasonable possibility
that a misstatement of our financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

As we have thus far not needed to comply with
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, neither we nor our independent registered public accounting firm has performed an evaluation
of our internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. In light of this,
we believe that it is possible that additional control deficiencies and material weaknesses may have been identified if such an evaluation
had been performed. 

We are working to remediate the material weakness.
Our remediation efforts are ongoing, and we will continue our initiatives to strengthen our finance personnel and implement and document
policies, procedures, and internal controls. We have taken steps to enhance our internal control environment and plan to take additional
steps to remediate the deficiencies and address material weaknesses. Specifically: 

We have hired new qualified personnel in our accounting department.
We will continue to evaluate the structure of the finance organization and add resources as needed; 

We are implementing additional internal reporting procedures,
including those designed to add depth to our review processes and improve our segregation of duties; and 

We are redesigning and implementing common internal control
activities; and we will continue to establish policies and procedures and enhance corporate oversight over process-level controls
and structures to ensure that there is appropriate assignment of authority, responsibility and accountability to enable remediating our
material weaknesses. 

In addition to the items noted above, as we continue
to evaluate, remediate and improve our internal control over financial reporting, executive management may elect to implement additional
measures to address control deficiencies or may determine that the remediation efforts described above require modification. Executive
management, in consultation with and at the direction of our Audit Committee, will continue to assess the control environment and the
above-mentioned efforts to remediate the underlying causes of the identified material weaknesses. 

Although we plan to complete this remediation
process as quickly as possible, we are unable, at this time to estimate how long it will take; and our efforts may not be successful in
remediating the deficiencies or material weaknesses. Notwithstanding the material weakness discussed above, we have performed additional
procedures to ensure the consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-K, fairly present, in all material respects, the Company s
financial position, results of operations and cash flows as of the dates, and for the periods presented, in conformity with U.S. GAAP. 

47 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Management s discussion and analysis of
our financial condition and results of operations is based on the audited consolidated financial statements of which are included elsewhere
in this prospectus. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements,
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actelis bases its estimates on historical and anticipated
results, trends and various other assumptions that it believes are reasonable under the circumstances, including assumptions as to future
events. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Management considers accounting estimates to be
critical if both (i) the nature of the estimate or assumption is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment involved,
and (ii) the impact within a reasonable range of outcomes of the estimate and assumption is material to the Actelis financial condition. 

Management believes the following addresses the
most critical accounting policies and estimates, which are those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and
results of operations and require management s most difficult, subjective and complex judgments: 

Critical judgement and estimates 

Critical judgement and estimates have been used
primarily in estimating the fair value of our financial instruments (for example, warrants, notes and stock options), as well as the estimate
of future usage of existing inventory to determine the net value of our inventory (see notes in financial statements). 

Estimating the fair value of financial instruments
such as warrants, notes and stock options are influenced by assessments of our future financial performance. Such assessments are forward-looking in
nature and therefore, subject to significant uncertainty. Estimating the value of net inventory is also influenced by assessments of future
usage of such inventory which is also forward looking in nature and therefore subject to significant uncertainty. 

Accounting standards updates not yet adopted 

Please see Note 2(ii) to our consolidated financial statements
included elsewhere in this prospectus for information 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not applicable. 

48 

ITEM 8.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA . 

ACTELIS NETWORKS, INC. 

2022 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB name: C.P.A.s and PCAOB ID: F- 2 Consolidated financial statements U.S. dollars in thousands (except for share and per share amounts): Balance sheets F- 3 F-4 Statements of comprehensive loss F-5 Statements of redeemable convertible preferred stock and shareholders equity (capital deficiency) F-6 Statements of cash flows F-7 F-8 Notes to consolidated financial statements F- 9 F-37 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the Board of Directors and
Shareholders of Actelis Networks, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Actelis Networks, Inc. and its subsidiary (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related
consolidated statements of comprehensive loss, of redeemable convertible preferred stock and shareholders equity (capital deficiency)
and of cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred
to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America. 

Change in Accounting Principle 

As discussed in Note 3n to the consolidated financial statements, the
Company changed the manner in which it accounts for leases in 2022. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
(PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the
applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits of these consolidated
financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Kesselman Kesselman 

Certified Public Accountants (Isr.) 

A member firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers International
Limited 

March 29, 2023 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2019. 

Kesselman Kesselman, 146 Derech
Menachem Begin, Tel-Aviv 6492103, Israel, 

P.O Box 7187 Tel-Aviv 6107120, Telephone:
+972 -3- 7954555, Fax:+972 -3- 7954556, www.pwc.com/il 

F- 2 

ACTELIS NETWORKS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(U. S. dollars in thousands except for share and
per share amounts) 

December 31 

Note 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Short-term deposits 

-

Restricted bank deposits 

-

Trade receivables, net of allowance for doubtful debts of and as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Inventories 
 4 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 5 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

NON-CURRENT ASSETS: 

Property and equipment, net 
 6 

Prepaid expenses 

-

Restricted cash 

-

Restricted bank deposits 

Severance pay fund 

Operating lease right of use assets 

-

Long-term deposits 

TOTAL NON-CURRENT ASSETS 

TOTAL ASSETS 

F- 3 

ACTELIS NETWORKS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (continued) 

(U. S. dollars in thousands except for share and
per share amounts) 

December 31 

Note 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Liabilities and redeemable convertible preferred stock and shareholders equity (capital deficiency) 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Current maturities of long-term loans 
 9 

Warrants 
 14 

Trade payables 

Deferred revenues 

Employee and employee-related obligations 

Accrued royalties 
 12 

Operating lease liabilities 

-

Other current liabilities 
 8 

TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Long-term loan, net of current maturities 
 9 

Deferred revenues 

-

Warrants 
 14 
 -

Convertible loan 
 11 
 -

Operating lease liabilities 

-

Accrued severance 

Other long-term liabilities 

TOTAL NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
 12 

REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK: 

par value, authorized as of December 31, 2022, and authorized as of December 31, 2021. SERIES A and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021: aggregate liquidation preference of as of December 31, 2021 - 2,858. SERIES B and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021: aggregate liquidation preference of as of December 31, 2021 - 2,727. 
 
 -

TOTAL REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK 
 
 -

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (CAPITAL DEFICIENCY): 
 15 

Common stock, par value: and shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Non-voting common stock, par value: shares authorized as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 -

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (CAPITAL DEFICIENCY) 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (CAPITAL DEFICIENCY) 

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

ACTELIS NETWORKS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

(U. S. dollars in thousands except for share and
per share amounts) 

Year ended December 31 

Note 
 2022 
 2021 

REVENUES 
 18 

COST OF REVENUES 

GROSS PROFIT 

OPERATING EXPENSES: 

Research and development expenses, net 

Sales and marketing expenses, net 

General and administrative expenses, net 

TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 

OPERATING LOSS 

Interest expenses 

Other financial expenses, net 
 19 

NET COMPREHENSIVE LOSS FOR THE YEAR 

Net loss per share attributable to common shareholders basic and diluted
 
 17 

Weighted average number of common stock used in computing net loss per share basic and diluted

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

ACTELIS NETWORKS, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE
PREFERRED STOCK AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (CAPITAL DEFICIENCY) 

U.S. dollars in thousands (except number of shares) 

Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Non-voting 
 Common Stock 
 Additional 
 
 Total shareholder s 
equity 

Number of shares 
 Amount 
 Number of shares 
 Amount 
 Number of shares 
 Amount 
 paid-in capital 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (capital deficiency) 
 
 BALANCE AS OF JANUARY 1, 2021 

CHANGES DURING THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021: 

Exercise of options into common stock 
 - 
 -

- 
 -

-

Share based compensation 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Net comprehensive loss for the year 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

BALANCE AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2021 

CHANGES DURING THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022: 

Exercise of options into common stock 
 - 
 -

- 
 -

-

Share based compensation 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Conversion of convertible redeemable preferred stock to common stock upon initial public offering 

- 
 -

-

Issuance of common stock upon initial public offering and private placement, net of underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering costs 
 - 
 -

- 
 -

-

Conversion of convertible loan to common stock upon initial public offering 
 - 
 -

- 
 -

-

Conversion of convertible note to common stock upon initial public offering 
 - 
 -

- 
 -

-

Conversion of warrants to common stock upon initial public offering 
 - 
 -

- 
 -

-

Redemption of non-voting common stock upon initial public offering 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Repurchase of common stock 
 - 
 -

- 
 -

-

Net comprehensive loss for the year 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

BALANCE AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 - 
 -

- 
 -

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

ACTELIS NETWORKS, INC. 

CONOSLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

U.S. DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS 

Year ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss for the year 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 

Changes in fair value related to warrants to lenders 

Inventories write-downs 

Exchange rate differences 

Share-based compensation 

Changes in fair value related to convertible loan 

Changes in fair value related to convertible note 
 
 -

Treasury shares 
 
 -

Interest expenses 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Trade receivables 

Net change in operating lease assets and liabilities 
 
 -

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Other long-term assets 
 
 -

Long term deposits 
 -

Trade payables 

Deferred revenues 

Other current liabilities 

Other long-term liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Short term deposit 
 
 -

Long- term deposit 
 
 -

Restricted long term bank deposit 
 
 -

Restricted bank deposit 
 
 -

Purchase of property and equipment 
 -

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from exercise of options 

Proceeds from long-term debt, net of issuance costs 
 -

Proceeds from initial public offering and private placement 
 
 -

Underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering costs 
 
 -

Repayment of long-term loan 
 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

INCREASE IN CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH 

CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH AT BEGINNING OF YEAR 

CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH AT END OF YEAR 

RECONCILIATION OF CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash, non-current 

Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

F- 7 

ACTELIS NETWORKS, INC. 

CONOSLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

U.S. DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS 

Year ended December 31 

2022 
 2021 
 
 SUPPLEMENTARY DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid for interest 

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION ON INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES NOT INVOLVING CASH FLOWS: 

Additional warrants 
 -

Right of use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 
 
 -

Conversion of convertible loan to common stock upon initial public offering 
 
 -

Conversion of convertible note to common stock upon initial public offering 
 
 -

Conversion of warrants to common stock upon initial public offering 
 
 -

Conversion of convertible redeemable preferred stock to common stock upon initial public offering 
 
 -

Repurchase of common stock 
 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

million in 2021 to support the loss of revenue and profit. Additionally, COVID-19 has resulted, and likely will continue
to result, in delays in non-residential construction, non-crisis-related IT purchases, electronic components including chip manufacturing
and project completion schedules in general, all of which can negatively impact results in both current and future periods. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the Company had negative cash flows from operations of and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s accumulated
deficit was . The Company has funded its operations to date through equity financing and has cash on hand (including short term
deposits and restricted cash) of and long-term deposits and restricted cash of as of December 31, 2022. The Company monitors
its cash flow projections on a current basis and takes active measures to obtain the funding it requires to continue its operations. However,
these cash flow projections are subject to various uncertainties concerning their fulfilment such as the ability to increase revenues
by attracting and expanding its customer base or reducing cost structure. If the Company will not succeed in generating sufficient cash
flow or completing additional financing, then it will need to execute a cost reduction plan that has been prepared. The Company s
transition to profitable operations is dependent on generating a level of revenue adequate to support its cost structure. The Company
expects to fund operations using cash on hand, through operational cash flows and raising additional proceeds. There are no assurances,
however, that the Company will be able to generate the revenue necessary to support its cost structure or that it will be successful in
obtaining the level of financing necessary for its operations. Management has evaluated the significance of these conditions and the time
in which it has to accomplish them and has determined that the Company has sufficient resources to meet its operating obligations for
at least one year from the issuance date of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 9 

shares of common stock, including the partial exercise by the underwriter
of its option to purchase additional shares of common stock, at a price to the public of per share. 

million, after deducting underwriting discounts,
commissions and expenses amounting to approximately million. 

shares of common stock (on a one (1) for one (1) basis, pursuant to the conversion provisions
of the Series A and Series B redeemable Preferred Stock agreements). Upon the conversion, the Company reclassified the Convertible Preferred
stock at its carrying amount, from temporary equity, into shareholders equity. 

shares of common stock. pursuant to the conversion features of the loan agreement. 

shares of common stock pursuant
to the conversion features of the note agreements issued during December 2021 and April 2022. 

shares of common stock as a result of the exercise provisions of the detachable
warrants granted to Mizrahi-Tefahot Bank as part of the Company s financing agreement with Bank Mizrahi. 

shares of common stock to Migdalor as a result of the exercise provisions of
the detachable warrants granted to Migdalor as part of the loan agreement with Migdalor. 

of the Company s common shares for an
exercise price of per share and can be exercised at any time during a period of 5 years from the issuance date (i.e. until May 17,
2027). The warrants are classified as equity based on the guidance provided under ASC 718-10. 

. The valuation was based on a Black-Scholes option-pricing
model, using an expected volatility of , a risk-free rate of , a contractual term of years, an expected dividend yield of 
and a stock price at the issuance date of . 

shares of non-voting common stock at their par value, removing the stock
from shareholders equity. 

F- 10 

NOTE 3 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued): 

and was appropriate as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. Allowance
for doubtful expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 was and , respectively. 

F- 11 

NOTE 3 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued): 

Office furniture and equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

F- 12 

NOTE 3 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued): 

F- 13 

NOTE 3 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES (continued): 

. 

ROU assets and lease liabilities on the Company s balance sheet as of the effective date, and in the requirement
to provide significant new disclosures regarding the Company s leasing activities and to enable users of financial statements to assess the amount, timing and uncertainty
of cash flows arising from leases. However, the adoption of this standard does not have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated
statements of comprehensive loss and consolidated statements of cash flows. See note 7 for further discussion. 

F- 14 

NOTE 3 - SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued): 

million, related to underwriting discounts and commissions, and other offering costs of million as a result of the IPO. 

F- 15 

NOTE
3 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued): 

-
 
 -

-
 
 -

Liabilities: 

Convertible Loan (Note 11) 
 
 -
 
 -

Warrants (Note 14) 
 
 -
 
 -

and of the Company Trade receivables balance as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively. 

and of the Company Trade receivables balance as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively. 

of the Company Trade receivables balance as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 respectively. 

F- 16 

NOTE 3 - SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued): 

for product defects. The Company accrues for warranty at the time revenue is recognized.
The Company s estimates of future warranty obligations may change due to product failure rates, material usage, and other rework costs
incurred in correcting a product failure. In addition, specific warranty accruals may be recorded if unforeseen problems arise. The provision
for warranty amounted to and as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. These provisions are included in other accrued
liabilities and non-current liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

Cost incurred 

Expense (income) recognized 

Balance at the end of the year 

of the applicable
revenues. During 2022 and 2021, respectively, the Company incurred royalty expenses of and , included within cost of revenues
(see note 12). 

operating segment. 

F- 17 

NOTE 3 - SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued): 

likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement. 

and for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

in the year ending December 31, 2023, to insurance companies in connection with its contribution
plans. 

and ) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

F- 18 

NOTE 3 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued): 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

and for the RSUs. 

conversion price Accordingly, the note was classified as
a liability and is measured at its fair value, pursuant to the provisions of ASC 480-10. Upon the consummation of the IPO, the convertible
note was automatically converted into the Company s common stock based on its contractual terms and conditions. (See note 10). 

F- 19 

NOTE 3 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued): 

of the lowest price per share paid by any investor
in an offering. Accordingly, the loan was classified as a liability and is measured at its fair value, pursuant to the provisions of ASC
480-10. Upon the consummation of the IPO, the convertible loan was automatically converted into the Company s common stock based
on its contractual terms and conditions. (See note 11). 

F- 20 

NOTE 3 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued): 

with corresponding operating lease liabilities on its consolidated
balance sheet as of January 1, 2022. See Note 7 for further details. 

F- 21 

NOTE 3 - SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued): 

F- 22 

Finished goods 

and during the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 respectively. 

Governmental authorities 

Accrued income 

Office furniture and equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

F- 23 

. The Company is not reasonably certain that it will exercise the 5-year extension option and hence, the extension period was
excluded from the measurement of the ROU asset and the lease liability. The lease payments are denominated in USD. 

. The Company does not have an option for extending the lease agreement. The lease payments are denominated in
ILS and are indexed to the consumer price index. 

. 

Current Operating lease liabilities 

Non-Current Operating lease liabilities 

Total Operating lease liabilities 

F- 24 

NOTE 7 LEASES (continued): 

Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term 

Weighted Average Discount Rate 

Variable payments that depend on an index or rate 

Total lease cost 

2024 

2025 

Total operating lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued standard warranty 

. The loan bears interest of per annum, the principal shall be repaid in 360 equal monthly payments starting January 1,
2023, unless forgiven per program regulations (the EIDL Loan ). 

. The PPP Loan may be eligible for forgiveness, and if not eligible bears an interest of per annum.
The principal and interest, if not forgiven, is payable within years. The Company
filed a request for a forgiveness of the loan and received full forgiveness during 2021. The forgiven amount was recognized net in payroll
expenses. 

F- 25 

NOTE 9 LOANS (continued) : 

million NIS ("New Israeli Shekel") (an amount of (the New
Loan ). The Company received on December 2020, and additional in January 2021. The loan bears interest of per
annum. The interest shall first be paid in 12 payments starting February 1, 2021. Starting February 1, 2022, the loan principal and interest
shall be repaid in 72 equal payments, plus a onetime interest payment after the 36 th month. 

(see Note 14 regarding the warrants
granted). 

from the New Lender. The loan bears interest of per
annum. Starting February 1, 2022, the loan principal and interest shall be repaid in 72 equal monthly payments, plus a onetime interest
payment after the 24th month. The Company increased the value of the warrant issued to the New Lender to (see also Note 14) .
 As of December 31, 2022, the total loan balance outstanding was (including
 current maturities). 

million to a Company-owned interest-bearing bank account, or the
 designated account (as defined in the Agreement), to satisfy the required obligation
associated with the loan agreement . An additional million deposited in the designated account by February 28, 2023. (See note
21(d)). 

200 
 
 2024 

307 
 
 2025 

200 
 
 2026 

200 
 
 2027 

200 
 
 2028 and thereafter 

17 
 
 Less- accumulated interest 
 
 ) 
 ) 352 
 
 Total 

772 

New Israeli Shekel. 

of the Company s convertible note where both principal and annual
interest are due three years from the date of execution (the Notes ). The Notes were subject to optional and
mandatory conversion into shares of the Company s Common stock, par value. In January 2022 the Company performed a
first closing of convertible notes out of the offered, and in April 2022, a second closing of convertible notes,
which private placement was completed pursuant to an exemption from registration under Rule 506(b) of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended Securities Act )and was funded by this amount (less fees and expenses). The notes were convertible
at any time by the holders into common stock and automatically converted to common stock upon the consummation of an Initial Public
Offering IPO at a discounted conversion price. 

F- 26 

NOTE 10 - CONVERTIBLE NOTE (continued) : 

Change in fair value reported in statement of comprehensive loss 

Conversion to the Company s common stock 

Fair value at the end of the period 
 -

. 

. Loans under this agreement bear interest
of per annum. Following an amendment in March 2022, which was approved by the required majority of the CLA holders, the maturity
date of the CLA was established to be the earlier of (i) January 1, 2023, (ii) event of default (as defined in the Agreement)
or (iii) deemed liquidation event (as defined in the Company s certificate of incorporation), in which the lenders are entitled
to receive an amount equal to of the principal amount of the loan. As of December 31, 2021, had been received under the CLA. 

(2021: of an IPO occurring in May 2022. Upon consummation of an IPO, the holders of the CLA would have the right to
convert the principal amount of the loan into common stock at a conversion price per common stock reflecting a discount of plus
an additional for each two calendar months following March 2017. 

Change in fair value reported in statement of comprehensive loss 

Conversion to the Company s common stock 
 
 -

Fair value at the end of the period 
 -

F- 27 

2023 

2024 

Total minimum lease payments 

of the total grants
received for qualified projects plus interest based on LIBOR. The Company may be required to pay royalties based on previous years funding
in periods after December 31, 2022, for the future sale of product that includes technology developed and funded with these research
and development grants received to date. 

(approximately including LIBOR) and repaid approximately
 in such grants. 

, due in regards to previous years. 

and , respectively.

at a Company valuation
of at least ; or (ii) the date specified in a written request to the Company for such conversion from either the holders (a) of
at least of the series B redeemable convertible preferred stock then outstanding, or (b) from the holders of at least of the series
A redeemable convertible preferred stock then outstanding. 

F- 28 

NOTE 13 
REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK (continued) : 

per share plus interest at the rate of per annum from the original issuance
date of such series B redeemable convertible preferred stock. If the assets are insufficient to permit a full payment, then all assets
shall be distributed ratably among the holders of series B redeemable convertible preferred stock. 

per share plus interest at the rate of per annum from the original issuance date of such series A redeemable preferred
stock. If the assets are insufficient to permit a full payment, then all assets shall be distributed ratably among the holders of series
A. If the assets exceed the amount necessary to fulfill the payment, then the remaining assets shall be distributed ratably among the
holders of common stock. 

shares of the Company s Series B Redeemable Preferred Stock at an exercise price of per share contemporaneously
with obtaining a loan from Comerica which was fully repaid in 2018 (the Comerica Warrants ). The Comerica Warrants are exercisable
at any time during the contract period which ends on August 24, 2026. 

F- 29 

NOTE 14
 WARRANTS (continued): 

of an IPO occurring in May 2022 and staying private estimated at , using a volatility of , a risk-free
rate of and an expected term of years in the scenario of IPO and years in the scenario of staying private. 

, an expected volatility of , a risk-free rate of and a contractual term of years. 

Fair value changes 

Additions 
 -

Conversion to the Company s common stock 
 
 -

Outstanding as of December 31 

and , respectively, in connection with these warrants. 

par value authorized shares increase to shares from 
shares. 

par value-authorized shares remain shares. 

par value - authorized shares increase to 
shares from shares. 

F- 30 

NOTE 15
- SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (continued): 

par value, as follows: 

Non-voting Common stock 
 
 -

December 31 2021 

Authorized 
 Issued and outstanding 

Number of shares 
 
 Common stock 

Non-voting Common stock 

, of which authorized shares of common stock, authorized preferred shares, shares of non-voting
common stock and shares of redeemable convertible preferred stock. 

Incentive Share Options, Non-statutory shares options, share appreciation rights, restricted share and restricted share units
(RSU s) to 

of the fair market value of the underlying share of common stock on the date of grant for incentive
share options (not less than 110 of the fair market value for shareholders owning more than 10 of all classes of share) as determined
by the Board of Directors. The maximum option term is years (five years for shareholders owning more than of all classes of share).
The 2015 Plan grants the Board of Directors the discretion to determine when the options granted become exercisable. 

share options permitted to be granted under the 2015 Plan. 

th anniversary of Grant Date 
 
 RSU 

F- 31 

NOTE 15
- SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (continued): 

Granted 

Exercised 

Expired and forfeited 

Outstanding December 31, 2022 

Exercisable December 31, 2022 

Granted 

Exercised 

Expired and forfeited 

Outstanding December 31, 2021 

Exercisable December 31, 2021 

-
 
 -

and , respectively. The intrinsic value of options
exercised in 2022 and 2021 was approximately . The aggregate intrinsic value represents the total intrinsic value (the difference between
the fair value of the Company s common shares on December 31 of the respective year and the exercise price, multiplied by the number
of options that would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options on such date). 

F- 32 

NOTE 15
- SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (continued): 

Expected common stock price volatility 

Expected dividend rate 

Risk-free interest rate 
 - 

Research and development 

Sales and marketing 

General and administrative 

Total Share-based compensation expense 

Exercised during the year 
 -
 
 -

Forfeited during the year 
 -
 
 -

Outstanding at the end of the year 

-

Sales and marketing 
 
 -

General and administrative 
 
 -

Total Share-based compensation expense 
 
 -

F- 33 

in 2019 and thereafter and State taxes of . The Subsidiary is subject to ordinary corporate income
tax rate of in 2019 and thereafter. 

. In addition, the Company has loss carry forward of approximately , which the Company
did not perform a qualification test for and has certain doubts regarding their qualification. 

. Net operating loss carry forwards relate to activity in Israel has an
indefinite carry forward period. 

Foreign Subsidiary 

Total 

Valuation allowance 

Total net deferred tax assets 
 -
 
 -

F- 34 

and shares of common stock at an average exercise price of and per share were outstanding as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, but were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because to do so would have had antidilutive
effect on the basic loss per share. 

shares of common stock at an average grant date fair value of per share were outstanding as of December 31, 2022 but were
not included in the computation of diluted EPS because to do so would have had antidilutive effect on the basic loss per share. 

shares of common stock was outstanding as of December 31, 2021 but was not included
in the computation of diluted EPS because to do so would have had antidilutive effect on the basic loss per share. 

of the Company s redeemable preferred stock were outstanding 

and of the Company s common stock were outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 but were not included in
the computation of diluted EPS because to do so would have had an antidilutive effect on the basic loss per share (See Note 14(a)). 

of the Company s common stock were outstanding as of December 31, 2022 but were not included in the computation of
diluted EPS because to do so would have had an antidilutive effect on the basic loss per share (See Note 2). 

operating segment (developing and
marketing access broadband equipment for copper and fiber networks). 

Europe, the Middle East and Africa 

Asia Pacific 

Latin America 
 - 

F- 35 

NOTE 18 - ENTITY WIDE INFORMATION
AND DISAGREGATED REVENUES (continued) : 

Revenue recognized that was included in the contract liability balance at the beginning of the period 

Additions 

Remaining performance obligations 

, and the Company will be recognized this revenue
over the 12-18 months. 

North America 

-

North America 
 
 -

-

or more of net revenues and the
amount of revenues recognized are as follows: 

Customer B 

Customer C 

Customer B 

Customer C 

F- 36 

Change in convertible note fair value 
 
 -

Change in warrants fair value 

Exchange rates differences 

Other 

, which loan was evidenced by a secured, non-negotiable promissory note. In April 2022, the Company entered
into a Securities Purchase and Loan Repayment Agreement with the CEO, pursuant to which the CEO sold to the Company shares for
a purchase price equal to per share for an aggregate purchase consideration of . In lieu of paying the CEO the Purchase Consideration
for the shares in cash, the Purchase Consideration was used to repay in full the outstanding loan amount and accrued interest owed to
the Company by the CEO, and the promissory Note was terminated. Additionally, due to the fact that the Company repurchased the CEO s
shares for a price per share which exceeded the underlying common stock fair value by , the Company has also recognized compensation
costs attributable to the CEO s past services to the Company. The Company has recognized the repurchased shares as treasury shares
at the cost that represents the then-current market value of the repurchased shares. 

. The Company and the shareholder
agreed to amend the agreement with the shareholder to replace the monthly payment with a success-based fees, effective on January 1,
2020. The amendment offers success-based fee of up to on funding of up to . During January 2022, the Company paid the shareholder
an amount of related to the amendment, and by June 2022 the Company paid the shareholder an additional amount of . In aggregate,
including the paid in January, the shareholder received an amount of pursuant to the amendment to the shareholder s agreement.
The Company recorded the payments partially as an incremental expense related to the IPO and partially as operating expenses. As of December
31, 2022, the agreement has terminated. 

and received identical terms and conditions
as other investors of the convertible loan. 

Restricted
Stock Units RSUs to Directors, officers, consultants and employees. The CEO received an amount of , the CFO received
an amount of and the Directors . 

million of its outstanding common stock. The Board authorized the Company to purchase
its common stock from time to time on a discretionary basis through open market or private transactions, through block trades, and pursuant to any trading plan that may be adopted in
accordance with Rule 10b5-1 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and other applicable legal requirements. 

shares of its common stock, for a total price of . There were no repurchases under the stock repurchase plan during the year
ended December 31, 2022. 

million to a Company-owned bank
account. See Note 9(b) for further information. 

F- 37 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES . 

Evaluation on Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by our
Company is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that
such information is collected and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer are responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures for us. In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management
recognizes that no matter how well conceived and operated, disclosure controls and procedures can provide only reasonable, not absolute,
assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. 

Our management, with the participation
of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this Report (the
 Evaluation Date ). Due to the material weakness described below, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
concluded that, as of the Evaluation Date, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective, at the reasonable assurance level,
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act (i) is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms and (ii) is accumulated and communicated
to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure. 

In connection with the preparation
of our financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we identified a material weakness in our
internal control over financial reporting in the lack of sufficient finance personnel in the segregation of duties. As such, there is
a reasonable possibility that a misstatement of our financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

49 

We are working to remediate
the deficiencies and the material weakness. Our remediation efforts are ongoing, and we will continue our initiatives to implement and
document policies, procedures, and internal controls. We have taken steps to enhance our internal control environment and plan to take
additional steps to remediate the deficiencies and address material weaknesses. Specifically: 

We will hire qualified personnel in our accounting department.
We will continue to evaluate the structure of the finance organization and add resources as needed; 

We are implementing additional internal reporting procedures,
including those designed to add depth to our review processes and improve our segregation of duties; and 

We are redesigning and implementing common internal control
activities; and we will continue to establish policies and procedures and enhance corporate oversight over process-level controls and
structures to ensure that there is appropriate assignment of authority, responsibility and accountability to enable remediating our material
weaknesses. 

In addition to the items noted
above, as we continue to evaluate, remediate and improve our internal control over financial reporting, executive management may elect
to implement additional measures to address control deficiencies or may determine that the remediation efforts described above require
modification. Executive management, in consultation with and at the direction of our Audit Committee, will continue to assess the control
environment and the above-mentioned efforts to remediate the underlying causes of the identified material weaknesses. 

Although we plan to complete
this remediation process as quickly as possible, we are unable, at this time to estimate how long it will take; and our efforts may not
be successful in remediating the deficiencies or material weaknesses. 

For additional information,
see the Item 1A. Risk Factors - We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial
reporting. If we experience material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to implement and maintain an effective system of internal
controls in the future, we may not be able to accurately report our financial condition or results of operations which may adversely affect
investor confidence in us, and as a result, the value of our common stock . 

Management s
report on internal control over financial reporting 

This
Annual Report does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation
report of the company s registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly public
companies. 

Changes In Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM 9C. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Not applicable. 

50 

PART III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

The following table sets forth information regarding
our executive officers and directors, including their ages as of the date of this Annual Report: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Tuvia Barlev 
 
 61 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and Chairman of the Board 
 
 Yoav Efron 
 
 54 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Eyal Aharon 
 
 50 
 
 Vice President R D 
 
 Michal Winkler-Solomon 
 
 55 
 
 Vice President Marketing 
 
 Yaron Altit 
 
 52 
 
 EVP Sales Intl. 
 
 Hemi Kabir 
 
 53 
 
 Vice President, Operations 
 
 Elad Domanovitz 
 
 44 
 
 Chief Technology Officer 
 
 Israel Niv (1)(2)(3) 
 
 69 
 
 Director 
 
 Joseph Moscovitz 
 
 68 
 
 Director 
 
 Dr. Naama Halevi-Davidov (1)(2)(3) 
 
 52 
 
 Director 
 
 Noemi Schmayer (1)(2)(3) 
 
 55 
 
 Director 

(1) 
 Member of the Audit Committee 
 
 (2) 
 Member of the Compensation Committee 
 
 (3) 
 Member of Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

Tuvia Barlev, Chief Executive Officer, Chairman
of the Board, and Secretary 

Mr. Barlev serves as our Chief Executive
Officer and Secretary since January 2013 and has served as the Chairman of the Board since 2010. Previously, Mr. Barlev founded
our company in 1998 and served as the Chief Executive Officer until January 2010. Mr. Barlev is a seasoned serial entrepreneur
with more than 25 years of experience in high-technology leadership in military, telecommunications, e-commerce, Big Data and clean
energy. Prior to joining Actelis, he was head of the R D organization at Teledata (acquired by ADC in 1998), a global supplier of
advanced digital loop carrier (DLC) equipment from 1996 to 1998. Previously, Mr. Barlev served as a senior research officer with
the Israeli government, and he was also founder, Chairman/Acting CEO at companies including Superfish Inc., a leading provider of visual
search technology, from 2007 to 2015; Leyden Energy, a leading supplier of breakthrough battery technology from 2010 to 2012; Adyounet
Inc., provider of advanced direct marketing services over the Web from 2006 to 2009; and SafePeak LTD., provider of hot data acceleration
platform for Big Data across the cloud from 2011 to 2012. Mr. Barlev holds BSC and MSEE degrees from Tel Aviv University, both Summa
Cum Laude. 

Yoav Efron, Chief Financial Officer 

Mr. Efron serves as our Chief Financial Officer
since January 2018. Mr. Efron is responsible for all financial aspects of our business and for strategy, as well as Information Technology
and Human Resources. Prior to joining Actelis, Mr. Efron was the CFO of TriPlay Inc. and eMusic Inc., a B2C cloud media services
company from 2012 to 2017. From 2010 to 2014, Mr. Efron was an entrepreneur in energy efficiency and from 1998 through
2010 worked at Avaya Inc., a Fortune 500 telecommunications company in various executive financial roles including Finance Director. Mr. Efron
earned his bachelor s degree in economics and management from the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. 

51 

Elad Domanovitz, Chief Technology Officer 

Dr. Domanovitz serves as our Chief Technologies
Officer since April 2017, prior to that he served as director of technologies from 2014. Dr. Domanovitz brings extensive experience
envisioning and developing Actelis research capabilities. As Actelis Chief Scientist, Dr. Domanovitz is responsible
for driving Actelis technology development and aligning it with the company s overall vision and worldwide go-to-market strategies.
Dr. Domanovitz is also responsible for enriching the Actelis IT portfolio and he also actively participates in standards committees.
Dr. Domanovitz joined Actelis in November 2005 and has since held several positions in the Algorithms and CTO groups. Dr. Domanovitz
holds a Ph.D., MSc. and a BSc (cum laude) in Electrical Engineering from Tel Aviv University. 

Eyal Aharon, VP R D 

Mr. Aharon serves as our Vice President of
R D since January 2018. Previously, Mr. Aharon served as our director of software engineering from 2011 through December 2017.
Mr. Aharon brings extensive experience in Research and Development to Actelis, having over 20 years in the telecommunication
industry. As Actelis VP of R D, Mr. Aharon is responsible for all current and strategic activities of the R D group.
Mr. Aharon joined Actelis in 2000 and has since held several positions within the R D group. Prior to joining Actelis, he held
several positions in ADC Teledata. Mr. Aharon holds a BA in Computer Science and Economics from Tel-Aviv University, and a Master s
in Economics from Tel-Aviv University. 

Michal Winkler-Solomon , VP
Marketing 

Ms. Winkler-Solomon serves as our Vice President
of Marketing since March 2017 and prior as AVP of Product Marketing from March 2016. Ms. Winkler-Solomon has more than 20 years of Product
Marketing and Product Management experience. Since joining Actelis in 2001, Ms. Winkler-Solomon has held Product Management, and Product
Marketing positions, where she has been responsible for product specifications, positioning, and marketing of the company s industry-leading
Ethernet in the First Mile product line. 

Prior to Actelis, Ms. Winkler-Solomon held positions
as Chief Technology Officer of BeConnected. Prior, Ms. Winkler-Solomon held positions as Product Manager of the Access Division at Telrad
Telecommunications where she led Nortel Networks product development. Prior, Ms. Winkler-Solomon spent five years developing communication
systems for the Israeli army. Ms. Michal Winkler-Solomon holds a B.Sc in Electrical Engineering from the Technion and an MBA from Tel
Aviv University. 

52 

Yaron Altit, Executive Vice President, International
Sales 

Mr. Altit serves as our Vice President of
International Sales since June 2017. Prior to joining us, Mr. Altit was self-employed from 2013 to 2017. Mr. Altit brings more
than 25 years of experience to his position as Actelis Executive Vice President International Sales business unit, including
vast experience in sales management positions in the Telecom, Datacom, and control plane industries. In his role, Mr. Altit is responsible
for all EMEA APAC regions customer-facing functions, including sales, customer support, pre-sale engineering, business development
and regional marketing. Mr. Altit held executive positions in several telecommunication companies, including management of Sales,
Customer Support and Business Development at Schema, where he was the General Manager of EMEA Business unit. Previously, Mr. Altit
held top sales management positions at Mindspeed Technologies. Mr. Altit was responsible for European and International sales at
T-Soft (now Cramer Systems, an Amdocs OSS division). Mr. Altit studied towards a B.A. in Economics and Accounting at the Ramat Gan College. 

Hemi Kabir, Vice President, Operations 

Mr. Kabir serves as our Vice President of
Operations since January 2015. With more than 20 years of experience in operations, supply chain and engineering, Mr. Kabir
manages Actelis Supply Chain, Purchasing, Quality Assurance and Operations Engineering departments, and is responsible for Actelis 
operations including manufacturability, continuous improvement initiatives and cost-savings activities. Prior to joining Actelis, Mr. Kabir
was head of Supply Chain management and purchasing at Better place Israel, where he was in charge of defining and managing
the supply chain divisions. Mr. Kabir holds MBA degree from Heriot Watt University, BA degree in management from the Open University
and Industrial practical engineering diploma from Israeli College of Management. 

Dr. Israel Niv, Director 

Dr. Niv serves as a board member in our company
since 2015. Dr. Niv serves on the board of Palo Alto University, Dealsum, and Attolight AG, and is an advisor to the Silicom Ventures
investment group. Dr. Niv served as former Chairman of Femtronix inc. and as GM of Opal Inc. (formerly traded on Nasdaq). Dr. Niv has
also founded Optonics, and served as CEO of DGC. Dr. Niv received a BSc in chemistry and a PhD in chemical physics from Ben-Gurion
University of the Negev (Israel). Dr. Niv completed his postdoctoral work at the University of Southern California as a Weizmann Postdoctoral
Fellow. 

Joseph Moscovitz, Director 

Mr. Moscovitz began serving on our board of directors
following our IPO in May 2022. In November 2022, we engaged Mr. Moscovitz as a short term business development consultant to the Company.
Mr. Moscovitz has served as the Chief Strategy Officer at Telit Communications Plc from January 2019 through December 2021. Prior to that
Mr. Moscovitz served as Chief Executive Officer of Telit Automotive Solutions from December 2016 through December 2018 and President
of Products and Solutions at Telit Plc from January 2011 through November 2016. Mr. Moscovitz was previously employed as a Chief Executive
Officer of Cell Data Ltd. and a Chief Executive Officer by Microkim Ltd. Mr. Moscovitz received his Bachelor of Science in Electrical
Engineering from Technion-Israel Institute of Technology. 

Dr. Naama Halevi-Davidov, Director 

Dr. Halevi Davidov began serving on our board
of directors following our IPO in May 2022. Dr. Halevi Davidov has served as a Financial Consultant to Joytunes Ltd., a developer of music
learning software, since April 2021, as a director of Gamida-Cell Ltd., since January 2022 and as a director and Audit Committee member
of Kaltura, Inc. since July 2021. Prior to that, Dr. Halevi Davidov served as Financial Advisor to Gloat Ltd., a talent marketplace platform,
and to Healthy IO Ltd., a manufacturer and marketer of medical equipment. Dr. Halevi Davidov served as the Chief Financial Officer of
Kaltura from November 2012 to August 2017. Dr. Halevi Davidov has also served on the board of Kaltura, Inc. subsidiary, Kaltura Asia Pte
Ltd. since February 2015. Dr. Halevi Davidov is a Certified Public Accountant in Israel. Dr. Halevi Davidov received a Ph.D. in Strategy
from Tel Aviv University in 2012, a Master s in Finance and Marketing from Tel Aviv University in 2002 and Bachelor of Arts in Accounting
and Economics from Tel Aviv University in 2000. Dr. Halevi Davidov was selected to serve on our board of directors because of her extensive
knowledge of and experience with corporate financial strategy. 

53 

Noemi Schmayer, Director 

Ms. Schmayer began serving on our board of directors
following our IPO in May 2022. Ms. Schmayer acted as a Senior Partner and Head of the High-tech and global corporations in one of the
five largest law firms in Israel. Since then, Ms. Schmayer has been counseling companies and individuals regarding mergers acquisitions,
investments and strategy, and serves as a director of several board of directors including serving as the external director of Somoto
Ltd. (publicly traded on the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange under the name Nostromo Energy Ltd.) and served as legal counsel for Smart Shooter
Ltd. Ms. Schmayer is a renowned specialist in corporate law, corporate finance, cross-border transactions, and commercial law. Ms. Schmayer
wields particular expertise in M A, finance transactions, and complexed commercial contracts in High-tech and Biotech. Ms. Schmayer
received an LLB in law from Tel Aviv University. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and
Directors 

Our board of directors has five members, at least
three of whom will be deemed independent under SEC and Nasdaq rules. 

Our officers are appointed by the board of directors
and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized
to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our certificate of incorporation as it deems appropriate. 

Each of the directors of the Company were elected
pursuant to the provisions of the Stockholders Agreement and our Certificate of Incorporation in effect prior to the IPO. Tuvia Barlev
had a right under the Stockholders Agreement to designate one director. Dr. Niv was elected by the holders of the majority of the Series A
Preferred Stock. Joseph Moscovitz, Naama Halevi-Davidov, and Noemi Schmayer were elected by both the majority of our outstanding common
stock and the holders of the majority of the Series A Preferred Stock and Series Preferred B Stock. The Stockholders Agreement was terminated
in connection with our IPO and going forward, each of the directors will be appointed by the holders of the majority of our outstanding
common stock pursuant to the provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation, with (i) directors in Class I, consisting of Noemi Schmayer,
to stand for election at the Annual Meeting to be held in 2023; (ii) directors in Class II, consisting of Joseph Moscovitz and Naama
Halevi-Davidov, to stand for election at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2024; and (iii) directors in Class III, consisting
of Israel Niv and Tuvia Barlev, to stand for election at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2025. 

Our Company is governed by our Board. Currently,
each member of our Board, other than Tuvia Barlev and Joseph Moscovitz, is an independent director; and all standing committees of our
Board of Directors are composed entirely of independent directors, in each case under Nasdaq s independence definition applicable
to boards of directors. For a director to be considered independent, our Board of Directors must determine that the director has no relationship
which, in the opinion of our Board, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of
a director. Members of the Audit Committee also must satisfy a separate SEC independence requirement, which provides that they may not
accept directly or indirectly any consulting, advisory or other compensatory fee from us or any of our subsidiaries other than their directors 
compensation. In addition, under SEC rules, an Audit Committee member who is an affiliate of the issuer (other than through service as
a director) cannot be deemed to be independent. In determining the independence of members of the Compensation Committee, Nasdaq listing
standards require our Board of Directors to consider certain factors, including, but not limited to: (1) the source of compensation
of the director, including any consulting, advisory or other compensatory fee paid by us to the director, and (2) whether the director
is affiliated with us, one of our subsidiaries or an affiliate of one of our subsidiaries. Under our Compensation Committee Charter, members
of the Compensation Committee also must qualify as outside directors for purposes of Section 162(m) of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, and as non-employee directors for purposes of Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act.
The independent members of the Board of Directors are Israel Niv, Naama Halevi-Davidov, and Noemi Schmayer. 

54 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Our board of directors has an audit committee,
a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee, each with its own charter that has been approved by
the board. The anticipated composition and responsibilities of each committee are described below. Members will serve on these committees
until their resignation or until otherwise determined by our board of directors. Upon our listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market, each committee s
charter will be available under the Corporate Governance section of our website at www.actelis.com. The reference to our website
address does not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained at or available through our website, and you should
not consider it to be a part of this Annual Report. 

Audit Committee 

The members of our audit committee are Israel
Niv, Naama Halevi-Davidov, and Noemi Schmayer, with Naama Halevi-Davidov serving as Chairperson. The composition of our audit committee
meets the requirements for independence under current Nasdaq listing standards and SEC rules and regulations. Each member of our audit
committee meets the financial literacy requirements of Nasdaq listing standards. In addition, our board of directors has determined that
Naama-Halevi Davidov is an audit committee financial expert within the meaning of Item 407(d) of Regulation S-K under the
Securities Act of 1933. The audit committee operates under a written charter that satisfies the applicable standards of the
SEC and Nasdaq. The audit committee, among other things: 

reviews our consolidated financial statements and our critical
accounting policies and practices; 

selects a qualified firm to serve as the independent registered
public accounting firm to audit our consolidated financial statements; 

helps to ensure the independence and performance of the independent
registered public accounting firm; 

discusses the scope and results of the audit with the independent
registered public accounting firm and review, with management and the independent registered public accounting firm, our interim and
year-end results of operations; 

pre-approves all audit and all permissible non-audit services
to be performed by the independent registered public accounting firm; 

oversees the performance of our internal audit function when
established; 

reviews the adequacy of our internal controls; 

develops procedures for employees to submit concerns anonymously
about questionable accounting or audit matters; 

reviews our policies on risk assessment and risk management;
and 

reviews related party transactions. 

55 

Compensation Committee 

The members of our compensation committee are
Naama Halevi-Davidov, Israel Niv, and Noemi Schmayer, with Israel Niv serving as Chairperson. The composition of our compensation committee
meets the requirements for independence under Nasdaq Capital Market listing standards and SEC rules and regulations. Each member of the
compensation committee is also a non-employee director, as defined pursuant to Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act.
The purpose of our compensation committee is to discharge the responsibilities of our board of directors relating to compensation of our
executive officers. The compensation committee operates under a written charter that satisfies the applicable standards of the SEC and
Nasdaq. The compensation committee, among other things: 

reviews, approves and determines, or make recommendations
to our board of directors regarding, the compensation of our executive officers; 

administers our stock and equity incentive plans; 

helps to ensure the independence and performance of the independent
registered public accounting firm; 

reviews and approves, or make recommendations to our board
of directors regarding, incentive compensation and equity plans; and 

establishes and reviews general policies relating to compensation
and benefits of our employees. 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 

The members of our nominating and corporate governance
committee are Noemi Schmayer, Naama Halevi-Davidov, and Israel Niv, with Noemi Schmayer serving as Chairperson. The composition of our
nominating and corporate governance committee meets the requirements for independence under Nasdaq listing standards and SEC rules and
regulations. The nominating and corporate governance committee operates under a written charter that satisfies the applicable standards
of the SEC and Nasdaq. The nominating and corporate governance committee, among other things: 

identifies, evaluates and selects, or make recommendations
to our board of directors regarding, nominees for election to our board of directors and its committees; 

evaluates the performance of our board of directors and of
individual directors; 

considers and make recommendations to our board of directors
regarding the composition of our board of directors and its committees; 

reviews developments in corporate governance practices; 

oversees environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters; 

evaluates the adequacy of our corporate governance practices
and reporting; and 

develops and make recommendations to our board of directors
regarding corporate governance guidelines and matters. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation 

None of our executive officers currently serves,
and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving
on our board of directors. 

56 

Oversight of Risk Management 

Risk is inherent with every business, and how
well a business manages risk can ultimately determine its success. We face a number of risks, including economic risks, financial risks,
legal and regulatory risks and others, such as the impact of competition. Management is responsible for the day-to-day management
of the risks that we face, while our Board, as a whole and through its committees, has responsibility for the oversight of risk management.
In its risk oversight role, our Board is responsible for satisfying itself that the risk management processes designed and implemented
by management are adequate and functioning as designed. Our Board assesses major risks facing our Company and options for their mitigation
in order to promote our stockholders interests in the long-term health of our Company and our overall success and financial strength.
A fundamental part of risk management is not only understanding the risks a company faces and what steps management is taking to manage
those risks, but also understanding what level of risk is appropriate for us. The involvement of our full Board of Directors in the risk
oversight process allows our Board to assess management s appetite for risk and also determine what constitutes an appropriate level
of risk for our Company. Our Board regularly includes agenda items at its meetings relating to its risk oversight role and meets with
various members of management on a range of topics, including corporate governance and regulatory obligations, operations and significant
transactions, risk management, insurance, pending and threatened litigation and significant commercial disputes. 

While our Board is ultimately responsible for
risk oversight, various committees of our Board oversee risk management in their respective areas and regularly report on their activities
to our entire Board. In particular, the Audit Committee has the primary responsibility for the oversight of financial risks facing our
Company. The Audit Committee s charter provides that it will discuss our major financial risk exposures and the steps we have taken
to monitor and control such exposures. Our Board has also delegated primary responsibility for the oversight of all executive compensation
and our employee benefit programs to the Compensation Committee. The Compensation Committee strives to create incentives that encourage
a level of risk-taking behavior consistent with our business strategy. 

We believe the division of risk management responsibilities
described above is an effective approach for addressing the risks facing our Company and that our Board s leadership structure provides
appropriate checks and balances against undue risk taking. 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 

Our Board has adopted a code of ethical conduct
that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and senior financial management. This code of ethical conduct
is embodied within our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which applies to all persons associated with our Company, including our directors,
officers and employees (including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and controller).
In order to satisfy our disclosure requirements under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K, we will disclose amendments to, or waivers of,
certain provisions of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics relating to our chief executive officer, chief financial officer, chief
accounting officer, controller or persons performing similar functions on our website promptly following the adoption of any such amendment
or waiver. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics provides that any waivers of, or changes to, the code that apply to the Company s
executive officers or directors may be made only by the Audit Committee. In addition, the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics includes
updated procedures for non-executive officer employees to seek waivers of the code. 

57 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

The following table shows the total compensation
awarded to, earned by, or paid to (1) the individual who served as our principal executive officer during fiscal year 2022 and 2021;
and (2) our next two most highly compensated executive officers who earned more than 100,000 during fiscal year 2022 and were serving
as executive officers as of December 31, 2022. We refer to these individuals in this Annual Report as our named executive officers. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Nonequity incentive plan compensation ) 
 Nonqualified deferred compensation earnings ) 
 All other compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Tuvia Barlev, 
 2022 
 250,000 
 125,00 
 500,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 11,603 
 886,603 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 2021 
 181,188 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 25,000 
 206,188 

Yoav Efron, 
 2022 
 172,614 
 85,000 
 100,000 
 - 

26,934 
 384,548 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 
 135,128 
 - 
 - 
 29,600 

7,029 
 171,757 

Jan Ruderman 
 2022 
 150,000 
 - 
 32,640 
 11,956 
 93,142 
 - 
 774 
 288,512 
 
 Chief Revenue Office Americas 
 2021 
 12,500 

65 
 12,565 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

The following table provides certain information
concerning any common share purchase options, stock awards or equity incentive plan awards held by the executive officers named above
at the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Option
 Awards 
 Stock
 Awards 
 
 Name 
 Number
 of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options (#) 
 Exercisable 
 Number
 of 
 Securities 
 Underlying 
 Unexercised 
 Options (#) 
 Unexercisable 
 Option 
 Exercise 
 Price ) 
 Option 
 Expiration 
 Date 
 Number
 of 
 Shares of 
 Stock That 
 Have Not 
 Vested (#) 
 Market 
 Value of 
 Shares 
 of Stock That 
 Have Not 
 Vested ) 

Tuvia
 Barlev, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 125,000
 (1) 
 500,000 

Yoav
 Efron, 
 106,991
 (2) 
 - 
 0.1058 
 02/08/2028 
 - 
 - 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 8,152 
 13,587 (3) 
 1.3616 
 05/27/2031 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 25,000 (4) 
 100,000 
 
 Jan
 Ruderman 
 5,434
 (5) 
 16,305 
 4 
 09/15/2032 
 - 
 - 
 
 Chief Revenue Office Americas 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 68,000 (6) 
 32,640 

(1) 
 The RSUs vests annually in three equal tranches, with the first tranche vesting on May 17, 2023, the second tranche vesting on May 17, 2024, and the last tranche vesting on May 17, 2025. 
 
 (2) 
 This option grant was vested in full on February 7, 2022. 
 
 (3) 
 25 of this options vested on May 27, 2022, with the remaining 75 vesting monthly thereafter. 
 
 (4) 
 The RSUs vests annually in three equal tranches, with the first tranche vesting on May 17, 2023, the second tranche vesting on May 17, 2024, and the last tranche vesting on May 17, 2025 
 
 (5) 
 The first quarter of the options vested on December 21, 2022, with the remaining three-fourths of the options vesting over the next 36 months on each monthly anniversary date of the vesting date. 
 
 (6) 
 The RSUs vests annually in three equal tranches, with the first tranche vesting on September 29, 2023, the second tranche vesting on September 29, 2024, and the last tranche vesting on September 29, 2025. 

58 

Benefit Plans 

We maintain a defined contribution employee retirement
plan, or 401(k) plan, for our full-time employees. Our named executive officers are eligible to participate in the 401(k) plan
on the same basis as our other full-time employees, if they are considered an employee and not a consultant. The 401(k) plan is intended
to qualify as a tax-qualified plan under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. The 401(k) plan provides that each
participant may make pre-tax deferrals from his or her compensation up to the statutory limit, which is 20,500 for calendar year 2022,
and other testing limits. Participants that are 50 years or older can also make catch-up contributions, which in calendar
year 2020 may be up to an additional 6,500 above the statutory limit. Participant contributions are held and invested, pursuant to the
participant s instructions, by the plan s trustee. 

We have no pension, or profit-sharing programs
for the benefit of directors, officers or other employees, but our officers and directors may recommend adoption of one or more such programs
in the future. We do not sponsor any qualified or non-qualified pension benefit plans, nor do we maintain any non-qualified defined contribution
or deferred compensation plans. 

Employment Agreements 

We have entered into written employment agreements
with our executive officers. All of these agreements contain customary provisions regarding noncompetition, confidentiality of information
and assignment of inventions. However, the enforceability of the noncompetition provisions may be limited under applicable law. 

Chief Executive Officer 

Employment Agreement with Mr. Tuvia
Barlev 

On February 15, 2015, we entered into an
at-will employment agreement with Mr. Tuvia Barlev, which remains in effect as of the date of this Annual Report. 

In May 2022, the Company approved an increase
to Mr. Barlev s salary, effective upon completion of the IPO, to 300,000 with performance bonuses of an additional 260,000. In
addition, Mr. Barlev received a bonus of 125,000 following the IPO and will annually receive 500,000 of RSUs under the Company s
2015 Plan. 

Mr. Barlev s employment agreement provides
that that he will be entitled to severance if we terminate his employment without Cause (as defined in the employment agreement),
if he terminates his employment for Good Reason (as defined in the employment agreement), or following his death or permanent
disability. In any event in which Mr. Barlev is entitled to severance pursuant to these provisions, we shall continue to pay Mr. Barlev
his then-in-effect base salary and provide benefit continuation at our expense for a period of six months from the date of termination
of employment. Any severance payable to Mr. Barlev shall be payable in equal instalments in the same manner and in our regular payroll
cycle as other salaried executive employees are paid. 

Consultant Agreement with Barlev Enterprises
Inc. 

In February 2015, we entered into a consulting
agreement with Barlev Enterprises Inc., a company owned by Mr. Tuvia Barlev, our Chief Executive Officer, and his wife, Nurit Barlev,
or the Barlev Consulting Agreement. Pursuant to the Barlev Consulting Agreement, Barlev Enterprises Inc. provides services to us as an
independent contractor, and receives a monthly retainer of 2,083 for these services. The Barlev Consulting Agreement contains provisions
regarding noncompetition, non-solicitation, confidentiality of information and assignment of inventions. The enforceability of the noncompetition
covenants is subject to certain limitations. The Barlev Consulting Agreement will continue to be in full force and effect unless otherwise
terminated in accordance with its terms. The Barlev Consulting Agreement may be terminated by either party, with or without cause, at
any time upon six (6) months advance written notice to the other party. This agreement has terminated following the IPO. 

59 

Promissory Note with Tuvia Barlev 

On February 20, 2015, we made a loan to our Chief
Executive Officer, Mr. Tulia Barlev, in the principal amount of 106,290, which loan was evidenced by a secured, non-negotiable promissory
note, or the Barlev Note. In April 2022, we entered into a Securities Purchase and Loan Repayment Agreement with Mr. Barlev, pursuant
to which Mr. Barlev sold to the Company 27,699 shares for a purchase price equal to 4.55 per share for an aggregate purchase consideration
of 126,023, or the Purchase Consideration. In lieu of paying Mr. Barlev the Purchase Consideration for the shares in cash, the Purchase
Consideration was used to repay in full the outstanding loan amount and accrued interest owed to the Company by Mr. Barlev, and the Barlev
Note was terminated. 

Chief Financial Officer 

Employment Agreements with Mr. Yoav
Efron 

In December 2017, we entered into an at will
employment agreement with our Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Yoav Efron, and he entered into another, separate, at will employment
agreement with our subsidiary. Both of these agreements remain in effect as of the date of this Annual Report. 

In May 2022, the Company approved an increase
to Mr. Efron s salary, effective upon completion of the IPO, to 187,000 through both employment agreements (which the subsidiary
agreement is effected by the currency exchange rates) with performance bonuses of an additional 50,000. In addition, Mr. Efron received
a one-time 85,000 bonus upon completion of the IPO and will annually receive 100,000 of RSUs. 

Mr. Efron employment agreements provide that that
he will be entitled to severance if we terminate his employment without Cause (as defined in the employment agreements),
if he terminates his employment for Good Reason (as defined in the employment agreements), we shall continue to pay Mr.
Efron his then-in-effect base salary and provide benefit continuation at our expense for a period of six months from the date of termination
of employment following an acquisition of us. Any severance payable to Mr. Efron shall be payable in equal instalments in the same manner
and in our regular payroll cycle as other salaried executive employees are paid. 

60 

Jan Ruderman 

On November 12, 2021, we entered into an at-will
employment agreement with Mr. Jan Ruderman, which remains in effect as of the date of this Annual Report. 

Mr. Ruderman receives a base salary of 150,000
per year. Mr. Ruderman is also eligible to earn an annual sales incentive compensation at a target of 150,000 subject to sales performance
and achievement. For the first six months of employment. Mr. Ruderman was guaranteed 80 of such annual sales incentive compensation to
be trued up December 31, 2022, subject to the discretion of the CEO. Mr. Ruderman is eligible to receive options to purchase 65,217 shares,
subject to approval of the board of directors. 

Director Compensation 

Our Board adopted a non-employee director compensation
policy pursuant to which each of our directors who is not an employee or consultant of our company will be eligible to receive an annual
cash retainer of 10,000 for his or her service on our board of directors and an annual cash retainer of 2,000 for his or her service
on a committee of our board of directors, with the chairperson of each committee receiving an additional 3,000 annually. Additionally,
following the IPO, as compensation for serving on the Board, Naama Halevi-Davidov, Israel Niv, Noemi Schmayer and Joseph Moscovitz were
each granted 25,000 RSUs, of which shall fully vest over 36 months, subject to each member s continued service on the Board. 

Our directors are and will continue to be reimbursed
by us for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities conducted on our behalf. The compensation of Mr. Barlev
as a named executive officer is set forth in the section above; he does not receive any additional compensation for his service as the
Chairman of the Board. 

For the year ended 2022,
our non-employee directors were compensated as follows in the table below: 

Name 
 Year 
 Fees Earned 
 or Paid in Cash ) 
 Option 
Awards ) 
 All Other 
 Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Israel Niv 
 2022 
 11,816 
 - 
 48,750 
 60,566 

Dr. Naama Halevi-Davidov (1)(2) 
 2022 
 11,816 
 - 
 48,750 
 60,566 

Joseph Moscovitz 
 2022 
 10,614 
 - 
 48,750 
 59,364 

Noemi Schmayer 
 2022 
 9,959 
 - 
 48,750 
 58,709 

Director and Officer Liability Insurance 

We have purchased following the IPO, and intend
to review in May 2023, our director and officer liability insurance that provides financial protection for our directors and officers
in the event that they are sued in connection with the performance of their services and also provides employment practices liability
coverage, which insures for harassment and discrimination suits. 

61 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

Except as specifically noted, the following table
sets forth information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock as of March 15, 2023 of: 

each of our directors and executive officers; and 

each person known to us to beneficially own 5 of our Common Stock on an as-converted basis. 

The calculations in the table are based on 17,407,565
common shares issued and outstanding as of March 15, 2023. 

Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance
with the rules and regulations of the SEC. In computing the number of shares beneficially owned by a person and the percentage ownership
of that person, we have included shares that the person has the right to acquire within 60 days, including through the exercise of any
option, warrant or other right or the conversion of any other security. These shares, however, are not included in the computation of
the percentage ownership of any other person. 

Unless otherwise indicated, the address for each
beneficial owner listed in the table below is c/o Actelis Networks, Inc., 4039 Clipper Court, Fremont, CA 94538. 

Name of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 No. of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 of Class 

Tuvia Barlev (2) 
 1,615,378 
 9.23 
 
 Yoav Efron (3) 
 120,629 

Eyal Aharon (4) 
 38,176 

Yaron Altit (5) 
 106,991 

Michal Winkler-Solomon (6) 
 39,063 

Hemi Kabir (7) 
 45,954 

Israel Niv (8) 
 668,053 
 3.84 
 
 Elad Domanovitz (9) 
 52,293 

Noemi Schmayer 
 - 
 - 
 
 Joseph Moscovitz 
 - 
 - 
 
 Dr. Naama Halevi-Davidov 
 - 
 - 

All executive officers and directors as a group (11 persons) 
 2,686,537 
 15.43 

5 Stockholders 

Isard Dunietz (10) 
 1,147,870 
 6.6 

Less than 1 

(1) 
 
 Unless otherwise noted, the business address
of the following entities or individuals is 4039 Clipper Court, Fremont, CA 94538. 
 
 (2) 
 Consists of 1,615,378 shares of common stock held by Mr. Barlev. 
 
 (3) 
 Includes 117,408 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options issued to Mr. Efron which options are exercisable within 60 days from the March 15, 2023. 
 
 (4) 
 Includes 38,176 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options issued to Mr. Aharon which options are exercisable within 60 days from the March 15, 2023. 
 
 (5) 
 Includes 106,991 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options issued to Mr. Altit which options are exercisable within 60 days from the March 15, 2023. 

62 

(6) 
 Includes 39,063 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options issued to Ms. Winkler Solomon which options are exercisable within 60 days from the March 15, 2023. 

(7) 
 Includes 45,954 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options issued to Mr. Kabir which options are exercisable within 60 days from the March 15, 2023. 

(8) 
 Consists of (i) 458,557 shares of common stock held by The Niv Family Trust, for which the Reporting Person and his spouse serve as trustees; (ii) 139,387 shares of common stock held by Sharon Hava Niv 2015 Family Trust for which Mr. Niv and his spouse serve as trustee; and (iii) 70,109 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options issued to Mr. Niv which options are exercisable within 60 days from the March 15, 2023. 

(9) 
 Includes 52,293 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of options issued to Mr. Domanovitz which options are exercisable within 60 days from the March 15, 2023. 
 
 (10) 
 Mr. Dunietz s address is 638 La Salle Place, Highland Park, IL 60035. 

Securities Authorized
for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The following table sets
forth information as of December 31, 2022 with respect to our compensation plans under which equity securities may be issued. 

Plan Category 
 Number of 
Securities 
to be Issued 
upon Exercise 
of 
Outstanding 
Options, 
Warrants 
and Rights 
 Weighted- 
Average 
Exercise 
Price of 
Outstanding 
Options, 
Warrants 
and Rights 
 Number of 
Securities 
Remaining 
Available for 
Future 
Issuance 
under Equity 
Compensation 
Plans 
(Excluding 
Securities 
Reflected in 
Column (a)) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders: 

2015 Equity Incentive Plan (1) 
 1,556,586 
 0.1476 
 1,152,587 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 1,556,586 
 0.1476 
 1,152,587 

(1) 
 The weighted average exercise price relates to the options only. RSUs were excluded as they have no exercise price. 

2015 Equity Incentive Plan 

The 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, or the Plan, was
adopted by our Board, on May 10, 2015. The Plan provides for the grant of equity-based incentive awards to our employees, directors,
and consultants in order to incentivize them to increase their efforts on behalf of our Company and to promote the success of our business. 

Authorized
Shares. As of the date of this Annual Report, there are 1,152,587 6 options
to purchase shares of common stock reserved and available for grant under the Plan. Common stock subject to options granted under the
Plan that expire or become unexercisable without having been exercised in full will become available again for future grant or sale under
the Plan. 

63 

Administration . The
Board, or a duly authorized committee of the Board, administers the Plan, or the Administrator. Under the Plan, the Administrator has
the authority, subject to applicable law, to interpret the terms of the Plan and any award agreements or awards granted thereunder, designate
recipients of awards, determine and amend the terms of awards, including the exercise price of an option award, the fair market value
of a share, the time and vesting schedule applicable to an award or the method of payment for an award, accelerate or amend the vesting
schedule applicable to an award, prescribe the forms of agreement for use under the Plan and take all other actions and make all other
determinations necessary for the administration of the 2015 Plan. 

The administrator also has the authority to approve
the conversion, substitution, cancellation or suspension under and in accordance with the Plan of any or all awards, and the authority
to modify outstanding awards unless otherwise provided by the terms of the Plan. 

The administrator may adopt special appendices
and/or guidelines and provisions for persons who are residing in or employed in, or subject to, the taxes of, any domestic or foreign
jurisdictions, to comply with applicable laws, regulations, or accounting, listing or other rules with respect to such domestic or foreign
jurisdictions. 

Eligibility. The
Plan provides for granting awards under various tax regimes, including, without limitation, in compliance with Section 102 of the
Ordinance and Section 3(i) of the Ordinance and for awards granted to our United States employees or service providers,
including those who are deemed to be residents of the United States for tax purposes, Section 422 of the Code and Section 409A
of the Code. 

Grants. All awards
granted pursuant to the Plan will be evidenced by an award agreement. Award agreements need not be in the same form and may differ in
the terms and conditions included therein. The award agreement will set forth the terms and conditions of the award, including the type
of award, number of shares subject to such award, vesting schedule and conditions, the exercise price, if applicable, the date of expiration
of the award, any special terms applying to such award (if any), including the terms of any country-specific or other applicable appendix,
as determined by our board of directors. 

Awards. The Plan
provides for the grant of stock options, Nonstatutory Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock
Units. 

With respect to options granted under the Plan,
unless otherwise determined by the administrator, and subject to the conditions of the Plan, options vest and become exercisable, if applicable,
under the following schedule: 25 of the shares covered by the option on the first anniversary of the vesting commencement date determined
by the administrator (and in the absence of such determination, the date on which such option was granted) and 6.25 of the shares covered
by the option at the end of each subsequent three-month period thereafter over the course of the following three years; provided
that the grantee remains continuously as an employee or provides services to our company and our affiliates throughout such vesting dates. 

Each option will expire ten years from the
date of the grant thereof, unless such shorter term of expiration is otherwise designated by the administrator or required by applicable
law. 

Options under the Plan may be exercised by providing
our company with a notice of exercise and full payment of the exercise price for such shares underlying the option, if applicable, in
such form and method as may be determined by the administrator and permitted by applicable law. An option may not be exercised for a fraction
of a share. If the Company s shares are listed for trading on any securities exchange, and if the administrator so determines, all
or part of the exercise price and any withholding taxes may be paid by the delivery of an irrevocable direction to a securities broker
approved by our company to sell shares and to deliver all or part of the sales proceeds to our company or the trustee, or, the delivery
of an irrevocable direction to pledge shares to a securities broker or lender approved by our company, as security for a loan, and to
deliver all or part of the loan proceeds to our company, or such other method of payment acceptable to our company as determined by the
administrator. 

Transferability. Other
than by will, the laws of descent and distribution or as otherwise provided under the Plan, the awards and shares granted under the 2015
Plan are not assignable or transferable, unless determined otherwise by the Administrator in which case such Award may only be transferred
as permitted by Rule 701 of the Securities Act of 1933. 

64 

Termination of Relationship. In
the event of termination of a grantee s employment or service with our company, all vested and exercisable options held by such
grantee as of the date of termination may be exercised within ninety days after such date of termination, unless otherwise determined
by the administrator, but in no event later than the date of expiration of the option as set forth in the award agreement. After such
ninety-day period, all such unexercised options will terminate, and the shares covered by such options shall again be available for issuance
under the Plan. 

In the event of termination of a grantee s
employment or service with our company or any of our affiliates due to such grantee s death or permanent disability, all vested
and exercisable options held by such grantee as of the date of termination may be exercised by the grantee or the grantee s legal
guardian, estate or by a person who acquired the right to exercise the options by bequest or inheritance, as applicable, within 12 months
after such date of termination, unless otherwise provided by the administrator, but in no event later than the date of expiration of the
option as set forth in the award agreement. Any options which are unvested as of the date of such termination or which are vested but
not then exercised within the 12-month period following such date, will terminate and the shares covered by such options shall again be
available for issuance under the Plan. 

All restricted shares still subject to restriction
under the applicable restriction period as set by the administrator in the applicable award agreement, lapsed will revert to the Company
and again will become available for grant under the Plan. 

Rights as a stockholder. Subject
to terms of the Plan, a grantee shall have no rights as a stockholder of our company with respect to any shares covered by an award until
the grantee shall have exercised the award and paid the exercise price therefor, if applicable, and becomes the record holder of the subject
shares. 

Transactions. Shares
subject to an award, as well as the price per share covered by each outstanding award, shall be proportionately adjusted for any increase
or decrease in the number of issued shares resulting from a share split, reverse share split, combination or reclassification of the shares,
or any other increase or decrease in the number of issued shares effected without receipt of consideration by our company, provided, however,
that the Administrator will make such adjustments to an Award required by Section 25102(o) of the California Corporations Code
to the extent the Company is relying upon the exemption afforded thereby with respect to the Award. 

In the event of a merger or Change in Control,
each outstanding Award will be treated as the Administrator determines without a Participant s consent, including, without limitation,
that either (i) Awards will be assumed, or substantially equivalent Awards will be substituted, by the acquiring or succeeding corporation
(or an affiliate thereof) with appropriate adjustments as to the number and kind of shares and prices; (ii) upon written notice to
a Participant, that the Participant s Awards will terminate upon or immediately prior to the consummation of such merger or Change
in Control (subject to the provisions of the paragraph above); (iii) outstanding Awards will vest and become exercisable, realizable,
or payable, or restrictions applicable to an Award will lapse, in whole or in part prior to or upon consummation of such merger or Change
in Control, and, to the extent the Administrator determines, terminate upon or immediately prior to the effectiveness of such merger of
Change in Control; (iv) (A) the termination of an Award in exchange for an amount of cash and/or property, if any, equal to
the amount that would have been attained upon the exercise of such Award or realization of the Participant s rights as of the date
of the occurrence of the transaction (and, for the avoidance of doubt, if as of the date of the occurrence of the transaction the Administrator
determines in good faith that no amount would have been attained upon the exercise of such Award or realization of the Participant s
rights, then such Award may be terminated by the Company without payment), or (B) the replacement of such Award with other rights
or property selected by the Administrator in its sole discretion; or (v) any combination of the foregoing or other alternative not
listed hereinabove. In taking any of the actions permitted under this subsection, the Administrator will not be obligated to treat all
Awards, all Awards held by a Participant, or all Awards of the same type, similarly. In the event of liquidation or winding up of our
company, the administrator will notify each Participant as soon as practicable prior to the effective date of such proposed transaction.
To the extent it has not been previously exercised, an Award will terminate immediately prior to the consummation of such proposed action. 

65 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

The following includes
a summary of transactions since January 1, 2021 to which we have been a party in which the amount involved exceeded 120,000 or
one percent of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any of our directors,
executive officers or, to our knowledge, beneficial owners of more than 5 of our capital stock or any member of the immediate family
of any of the foregoing persons had or will have a direct or indirect material interest, other than equity and other compensation, termination,
change in control and other arrangements, which are described under Executive and Director Compensation. 

Services Agreement with Ram Vromen 

On December 27, 2021, we entered into a service
agreement with Dr. Ram Vromen, our former director, or the Vromen Services Agreement. Under the terms of the Vromen Services Agreement,
Dr. Vromen provides services to us as an independent contractor. The services include advising us and aiding in fundraising, assisting
with presentations and providing follow-up, negotiating deals, legal assistance. We agreed to pay the outstanding amount for unpaid services
rendered by Dr. Vromen during the period between February 15, 2015, and ending on December 31, 2019, of 197,500 plus VAT,
or the Outstanding Fees. Pursuant to the Vromen Services Agreement, Dr. Vromen will also be entitled to additional fees in the amount
of 150,000, plus VAT as follows: Dr. Vromen will receive (1) 100,000 upon the earlier to occur of (i) the closing of a financing
round by us of at least 2.0 million and (ii) achievement of at least 3.0 million in EBITDA as reported by us, which VAT
was paid to Dr. Vromen in January 2022 following the closing of our private placement, and (2) 50,000 upon the earlier to occur of (i) the
closing of a financing round by us of at least 4.0 million and (ii) achievement of at least 3.0 million in EBITDA as
reported by us. In the event that we reach one of the milestones set forth above and Dr. Vromen is entitled to receive such additional
fees, then we will pay to Dr. Vromen all of the Outstanding Fees, together with the payment of such additional fees, provided that
we may pay any and all of the Outstanding Fees in several installments over a period not to exceed twenty-four (24) months from achievement
of the applicable milestone. 

Related Party Transaction Policy 

We intend to adopt a formal, written policy that
our executive officers, directors (including director nominees), holders of more than 5 of any class of our voting securities and any
member of the immediate family of or any entities affiliated with any of the foregoing persons, are not permitted to enter into a related
party transaction with us without the prior approval or, in the case of pending or ongoing related party transactions, ratification of
our audit committee. For purposes of our policy, a related party transaction is a transaction, arrangement or relationship where we were,
are or will be involved and in which a related party had, has or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

Certain transactions with related parties, however,
are excluded from the definition of a related party transaction including, but not limited to: 

transactions involving the purchase or sale of products or
services in the ordinary course of business, not exceeding 20,000; 

transactions where a related party s interest derives
solely from his or her service as a director of another entity that is a party to the transaction; 

transactions where a related party s interest derives
solely from his or her ownership of less than 10 of the equity interest in another entity that is a party to the transaction; and 

transactions where a related party s interest derives
solely from his or her ownership of a class of our equity securities and all holders of that class received the same benefit on a pro
rata basis. 

66 

No member of the Audit Committee may participate
in any review, consideration or approval of any related party transaction where such member or any of his or her immediate family members
is the related party. In approving or rejecting the proposed agreement, our Audit Committee shall consider the relevant facts and circumstances
available and deemed relevant by the Audit Committee, including, but not limited to: 

the benefits and perceived benefits to us; 

the materiality and character of the related party s
direct and indirect interest; 

the availability of other sources for comparable products
or services; 

the terms of the transaction; and 

the terms available to unrelated third parties under the
same or similar circumstances. 

In reviewing proposed related party transactions,
the Audit Committee will only approve or ratify related party transactions that are in, or not inconsistent with, the best interests of
us and our stockholders. 

The transactions described below were consummated
prior to our adoption of the formal, written policy described above, and therefore the foregoing policies and procedures were not followed
with respect to the transactions. However, we believe that the terms obtained or consideration that we paid or received, as applicable,
in connection with the transactions described were comparable to terms available or the amounts that would be paid or received, as applicable,
in arm s-length transactions. 

Policy for Approval of Related Party Transactions 

We have adopted our Code of Ethics to avoid, wherever
possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions approved by our Board (or the appropriate committee of our
Board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under our Code of Ethics, conflict of interest situations will include
any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) involving Actelis. Our
Code of Ethics is filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report. 

In addition, the Audit Committee of our Board
adopted a charter, providing for the review, approval and/or ratification of related party transactions, which are those
transactions required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K as promulgated by the SEC, by the Audit Committee.
At its meetings, the Audit Committee shall be provided with the details of each new, existing, or proposed related party transaction,
including the terms of the transaction, any contractual restrictions that the company has already committed to, the business purpose of
the transaction, and the benefits of the transaction to the company and to the relevant related party. Any member of the committee who
has an interest in the related party transaction under review by the committee shall abstain from voting on the approval of the related
party transaction, but may, if so requested by the chairman of the committee, participate in some or all of the committee s discussions
of the related party transaction. Upon completion of its review of the related party transaction, the committee may determine to permit
or to prohibit the related party transaction. Our Audit Committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to
our sponsor, officers, or directors, or our or any of their affiliates. 

These procedures are intended to determine whether
any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director,
employee or officer. 

The Board
has determined that Israel Niv, Naama Halevi-Davidov, and Noemi Schmayer are independent directors, as defined by the rules
of the SEC and the Nasdaq rules and regulations. 

67 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

The following table provides
detail about fees for professional services rendered to us by our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit fees (1) 
 270,000 
 373,000 
 
 Audit related fees (2) 
 7,000 
 7,000 
 
 Tax fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 All other fees 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total 
 277,000 
 380,000 

Audit
Fees . This category includes the audit of our annual financial statements, review of financial statements included in our quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection with engagements
for those fiscal years. This category also includes advice on audit and accounting matters that arose during, or as a result of, the audit
or the review of interim financial statements. 

Audit-Related
Fees . This category consists of assurance and related services by the independent registered public accounting firm that are reasonably
related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported above under Audit Fees. 
The services for the fees disclosed under this category include consultation regarding our correspondence with the SEC, review of registration
statements and other accounting consulting. 

Tax
Fees. This category consists of professional services rendered for tax compliance and tax advice. The services for the fees disclosed
under this category include tax return preparation and technical tax advice. 

All
Other Fees . This category consists of fees for other miscellaneous items. 

Policy on Pre-Approval
of Audit and Permissible Non-audit Services of Independent Auditors 

Consistent with the SEC
policies regarding auditor independence, our Board has responsibility for appointing, setting compensation and overseeing the work of
the independent auditor. In recognition of this responsibility, our Board has established a policy to pre-approve all audit and permissible
non-audit services provided by the independent auditor. 

Prior to engagement of
the independent auditor for the next year s audit, management will submit an aggregate of services expected to be rendered during
that year for each of the following four categories of services to the Board for approval. 

68 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) Documents filed as part of this report. 

(1) Financial statements. 

For a list of the consolidated financial
statements included herein, see Index to Consolidated Financial Statements under Part I, Item 8 of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. 

(2) Schedules. 

No financial statement schedules have
been submitted because they are not required or are not applicable or because the information required is included in the consolidated
financial statements or the notes thereto. 

(3) Exhibits. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Form of the Twenty-Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant, dated May 2, 2022 (as filed as Exhibit 3.5 to the Company s Form S-1/A, filed on May 10, 2022) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Actelis Networks, Inc. (as filed as Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Form S-1/A, filed on May 10, 2022) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of Representative s Warrant (as filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form S-1/A, filed on May 2, 2022) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Lease by and between Actelis Networks Israel, Ltd. and Moshe Smucha, dated January 13, 2000 (as filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form S-1/A, filed on May 2, 2022) 
 
 10.2 
 
 First Amendment to the Lease and Management Agreements from October 22, 2017, by and between Homerton Investments, Ltd. and Actelis Networks Israel Ltd., dated April 14, 2021 (as filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Form S-1/A, filed on May 2, 2022) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Employment Agreement between Actelis Networks, Inc. and Mr. Tuvia Barlev dated February 15, 2015 (as filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Form S-1/A, filed on May 2, 2022) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Offer letter between Actelis Networks, Inc. and Mr. Yoav Efron dated November 30, 2017 (as furnished as Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Form S-1/A, filed on May 10, 2022) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Employment Agreement between Actelis Networks Israel, Ltd. And Mr. Yoav Efron dated November 30, 2017 (as furnished as Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Form S-1/A, filed on May 10, 2022) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Consulting Agreement between Actelis Networks, Inc. and Barlev Enterprises dated February 20, 2015 (as furnished as Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Form S-1/A, filed on May 10, 2022) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Actelis Networks, Inc. 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (as filed as Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Form S-1, filed on April 15, 2022) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to 2015 Equity Incentive Plan (as filed as Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Form S-1, filed on April 15, 2022) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Senior Loan Agreement between Migdalor Business Investment Fund and Actelis Networks Israel, Ltd., dated December 2, 2020 (as filed as Exhibit 10.16 to the Company s Form S-1, filed on April 15, 2022) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Amendment Number 1 to Senior Loan Agreement between Migdalor Business Investment Fund and Actelis Networks Israel, Ltd., dated November 17, 2021 (as filed as Exhibit 10.17 to the Company s Form S-1, filed on April 15, 2022) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Securities Purchase and Loan Repayment Agreement between Actelis Networks, Inc. and Mr. Tuvia Barlev dated April 15, 2022 (as filed as Exhibit 10.18 to the Company s Form S-1, filed on April 15, 2022) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Offer letter between Actelis Networks, Inc. and Jan Ruderman, dated November 12, 2021 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant (as filed as Exhibit 21.1 to the Company s Form S-1, filed on April 15, 2022) 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Kesselman Kesselman, Certified Public Accountants (Isr.) a member firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited, independent registered accounting firm for the Registrant 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule15d-14(a) 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule15d-14(a) 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not applicable 

69 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

ACTELIS NETWORKS, INC. 

/s/ Tuvia Barlev 
 
 Date: March 29, 2023 
 
 Tuvia Barlev 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Tuvia Barlev 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Secretary and 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Tuvia Barlev 
 
 Chairman of the Board
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Yoav Efron 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Yoav Efron 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer and
 Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Joseph Moscovitz 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Joseph Moscovitz 

/s/ Dr. Naama Halevi-Davidov 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Dr. Naama Halevi-Davidov 

/s/ Israel Niv 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Israel Niv 

/s/ Noemi Schmayer 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 Noemi Schmayer 

70 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-1_actelisnet.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.1 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

The following description is intended as a
summary of our Charter and our Bylaws, each of which will become effective prior to the effectiveness of the registration statement of
which this prospectus forms a part, and which will be filed as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a
part, and to the applicable provisions of the DGCL. Because the following is only a summary, it does not contain all of the information
that may be important to you. For a complete description, you should refer to our Charter and Bylaws. 

Authorized Capital Stock 

Our Charter authorizes us to issue up to 42,803,774 shares
consisting of 30,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of US 0.0001 per share, 2,803,774 shares of non-voting common
stock with a par value of US 0.0001 per share and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of US 0.0001 per share. 

Common Stock 

Our shares of our common stock have the following
rights, preferences and privileges: 

Voting Rights 

Each holder of common stock is entitled to one
vote for each share of common stock held on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. Any action at a meeting at which a quorum
is present will be decided by a majority of the voting power present in person or represented by proxy, except in the case of any election
of directors, which will be decided by a plurality of votes cast. There is no cumulative voting. 

Dividends Rights 

Holders of our common stock are entitled to receive
dividends when, as and if declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available for payment, subject to the rights of holders,
if any, of any class of stock having preference over the common stock. Any decision to pay dividends on our common stock will be at the
discretion of our board of directors. Our board of directors may or may not determine to declare dividends in the future. See Dividend
Policy. The board s determination to issue dividends will depend upon our profitability and financial condition any contractual
restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law and the SEC, and other factors that our board of directors deems relevant. 

Liquidation Rights 

In the event of a voluntary or involuntary liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the Company, the holders of our common stock will be entitled to share ratably on the basis of the number
of shares held in any of the assets available for distribution after we have paid in full, or provided for payment of, all of our debts
and after the holders of all outstanding series of any class of stock have preference over the common stock, if any, have received their
liquidation preferences in full. 

Other Rights and Preferences 

Holders of our common stock will have no pre-emptive,
conversion, subscription or other rights, and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to our common stock. The rights,
preferences and privileges of the holders of our common stock are subject to and may be adversely affected by the rights of the holders
of shares of any series of our preferred stock that we may designate in the future. Shares of our common stock are not convertible into
shares of any other class of capital stock, nor are they subject to any redemption or sinking fund provisions. 

Fully paid and nonassessable 

All of our outstanding shares of common stock
are fully paid and nonassessable. 

We are authorized to issue up to 10,000,000 shares
of preferred stock. Our Charter authorizes the board to issue these shares in one or more series, to determine the designations and the
powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions
thereof, including the dividend rights, conversion or exchange rights, voting rights (including the number of votes per share), redemption
rights and terms, liquidation preferences, sinking fund provisions and the number of shares constituting the series. Our board of directors
could, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and
other rights of the holders of common stock and which could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire,
or of discouraging a third party from attempting to acquire, a majority of our outstanding voting stock. No shares of preferred stock
will be outstanding. 

Charter and Bylaw Provisions 

Charter and Bylaw Provisions 

Our Charter and our Bylaws include a number of
provisions that could deter hostile takeovers or delay or prevent changes in control of our management team, including the following: 

Board of Directors vacancies. Our Charter provides that vacancies on the board of directors
 may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office, irrespective of whether there is a quorum,
 or by a sole remaining director. Additionally, the number of directors to serve on our board of directors is fixed solely and
 exclusively by resolution duly adopted by our board of directors. This would prevent a stockholder from increasing the size of our
 board of directors and then gaining control of our board of directors by filling the resulting vacancies with its own nominees. This
 makes it more difficult to change the composition of our board of directors but promotes continuity of management. 

Classified Board of Directors. In accordance with our Charter, as it will be in effect
 following the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, our board of directors will be
 divided into three classes with staggered three-year terms. At each annual general meeting of stockholders, the successors to
 directors whose terms then expire will be elected to serve from the time of election and qualification until the third annual
 meeting following election. Our directors will be divided among the three classes. We expect that any additional directorships
 resulting from an increase in the number of directors will be distributed among the three classes so that, as nearly as possible,
 each class will consist of one-third of the directors. The division of our board of directors into three classes with staggered
 three-year terms may delay or prevent a change of our management or a change in control. 

Special Meetings
 of Stockholders. Our Bylaws provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be
 called by the board of directors acting pursuant to a resolution approved by the affirmative
 vote of a majority of the directors then in office, and special meetings of stockholders
 may not be called by any other person or persons. 

No Cumulative Voting. The DGCL provides that stockholders are not entitled to the right to
 cumulate votes in the election of directors unless the corporation s certificate of incorporation provides otherwise. Our
 Charter does not provide for cumulative voting. 

Amendment of Charter and Bylaw Provisions. Any amendment of our Charter requires the
 affirmative vote of the majority of the outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote on such amendment, and the affirmative
 vote of the majority of the outstanding shares of each class entitled to vote thereon as a class, except that the provision in the
 Charter regarding the staggered board may not be repealed or amended without the vote of the holders of not less than 80 of the
 Company s voting stock, voting as a single class. Amendments to our Bylaws may be executed pursuant to a resolution by the
 Board of Directors pursuant to an affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office, or by the affirmative vote of at
 least 75 of the outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote. 

2 

Delaware Business Combination Statute. The Company
is subject to the business combination provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL. In general, Section 203 prohibits
a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years
following the date such person becomes an interested
stockholder, unless the business combination or the transaction in which such person becomes an interested stockholder is approved in
a prescribed manner. Generally, a business combination includes a merger, asset or stock sale, or other transaction resulting
in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. Generally, an interested stockholder is a person that, together with
affiliates and associates, owns, or within three years prior to the determination of interested stockholder status did own, 15 or
more of a corporation s voting stock. The existence of this provision may have an anti-takeover effect with respect to transactions
not approved in advance by our Board of Directors, and the anti-takeover effect includes discouraging attempts that might result
in a premium over the market price for the shares of our common stock. 

Exclusive Forum. Unless we
consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive
forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary
duty owed by any of our current or former directors, officers, stockholder or other employees to us or our stockholders, (iii) any
action asserting a claim against the Corporation or any current or former director, officer, stockholder, employee or agent of the Corporation
arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our Charter or our Bylaws, (iv) any action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the
validity of the Company s Charter or Bylaws, (v) any action asserting a claim against us governed by the internal affairs
doctrine or (vi) any action asserting an internal corporate claim as that term is defined in Section 115 of the General
Corporation Law. The federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint,
claim or proceeding asserting a cause of action arising under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act. Furthermore, Section 22 of the
Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created
by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Stockholders cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws
and the rules and regulations thereunder. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of
our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provision in our Charter. This choice of forum provision
may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors,
officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. 

Anti-Takeover Provisions 

The provisions of the DGCL, our Charter and our
Bylaws may have the effect of delaying, deferring or discouraging another person from acquiring control of our company. These provisions,
which are summarized below, may have the effect of discouraging takeover bids. They are also designed, in part, to encourage persons seeking
to acquire control of us to negotiate first with our board of directors. We believe that the benefits of increased protection of our potential
ability to negotiate with an unfriendly or unsolicited acquirer outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging a proposal to acquire us because
negotiation of these proposals could result in an improvement of their terms. 

Our Charter established a classified board of
directors, divided in three classes with staggered three-year terms. Under the classified board of directors structure, only one
class of directors would be elected at each annual meeting of our stockholders, with the other classes continuing for the remainder for
their respective three-year terms. Under the classified board of directors structure: (i) directors in Class I, consisting of Noemi
Schmayer, are to stand for election at the Annual Meeting to be held in 2023; (ii) directors in Class II, consisting of Joseph Moscovitz
and Naama Halevi-Davidov, are to stand for election at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2024; and (iii) directors in Class
III, consisting of Israel Niv and Tuvia Barlev, are to stand for election at the annual meeting of stockholders to be held in 2025. 

Limitations on Liability, Indemnification of
officers and directors and Insurance 

Our Charter and Bylaws contain provisions that
limit the liability of our directors for monetary damages to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL. Consequently, our directors
will not be personally liable to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duties as directors, except liability
for: 

any breach of the director s duty of loyalty to us
or our stockholders; 

any act or omission not in good faith or that involves intentional
misconduct or a knowing violation of law; 

unlawful payments of dividends or unlawful stock repurchases,
or redemptions as provided in Section 174 of the DGCL; or 

any transaction from which the director derived an improper
personal benefit. 

3 

Listing 

We have applied to list our common stock on the
Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol ASNS . 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

The transfer agent and registrar for our common
stock will be VStock Transfer, LLC. The transfer agent and registrar s address is 18 Lafayette Place, Woodmere, NY 11598. 

Exclusive Forum 

Our Charter provides that, unless we consent in
writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum
for any stockholder for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach
of a fiduciary duty owed by, or other wrongdoing by, any current or former director, officer, stockholder, employee or agent of the Company
to the Company or the Company s stockholders, (c) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation or any current or former
director, officer, stockholder, employee or agent of the Corporation arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or the Company s
Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, (d) any action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of the Company s
Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, or (e) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine or (f) any
action asserting an internal corporate claim as that term is defined in Section 115 of the General Corporation Law. The
federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint, claim or proceeding
asserting a cause of action arising under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act. Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates
concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities
Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. 

Stockholders cannot waive compliance with the
federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any
interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provision in our Charter. 

The choice-of-forum provision may limit a
stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with the Company or its directors,
officers or other employees, and may result in increased costs to a stockholder who has to bring a claim in a forum that is not convenient
to the stockholder, which may discourage such lawsuits. Although under Section 115 of the DGCL, exclusive forum provisions may be
included in a company s certificate of incorporation, the enforceability of similar forum provisions in other companies certificates
or incorporation or bylaws has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that a court could find these types of provisions
to be inapplicable or unenforceable. If a court were to find the exclusive forum provision of our Charter inapplicable or unenforceable
with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving
such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations
and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 

Anti-Takeover Provisions of the DGCL and
Charter Provisions 

Certain provisions of the DGCL and certain provisions
included in our Charter and Bylaws summarized below may be deemed to have an anti-takeover effect and may delay, deter, or prevent
a tender offer or takeover attempt that a stockholder might consider to be in its best interests, including attempts that might result
in a premium being paid over the market price for the shares held by stockholders. 

4 

Removal of Directors 

Our Bylaws provide that stockholders may only
remove a director with or without cause by a vote of no less than a majority of the shares present in person or by proxy at the meeting
and entitled to vote, voting together as a single class. 

Amendments to Certificate of Incorporation 

Certain sections of our Certificate of Incorporation
require the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company
entitled to vote, voting together as a single class, except that the provision in the Charter regarding the staggered board may not be
repealed or amended without the vote of the holders of not less than 80 of the Company s voting stock, voting as a single class. 

Staggered Board 

The board of directors is divided into three classes,
with regular three-year staggered terms. This classification system increases the difficulty of replacing a majority of the directors
and may tend to discourage a third-party from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to gain control of the Company. In addition,
under Delaware law, the Certificate and the By-Laws, the Company s directors may be removed from office by the stockholders only
for cause and only in the manner provided for in the Certificate. These factors may maintain the incumbency of the board of directors. 

Amendments to Bylaws 

Our Charter limits the abilities of the directors
and stockholders to amend our Bylaws in certain circumstances. In particular, the Bylaws may be amended only by the vote of a majority
of all of the directors then in office, or by the affirmative vote of the stockholders holding at least 75 of the outstanding shares
of capital stock entitled to vote in accordance with the provisions of the Charter, Bylaws, and the DGCL. 

No Cumulative Voting 

Our Charter does not provide for cumulative voting. 

Special Meetings of Stockholders 

Our Bylaws provide that, except as otherwise required
by law, special meetings of the stockholders may be called only by an officer at the request of a majority of our board of directors,
by our Chief Executive Officer or President or by the holders of not less than 25 of the holders of stock entitled to vote at the meeting. 

5 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.12>
 3
 f10k2022ex10-12_actelisnet.htm
 OFFER LETTER BETWEEN ACTELIS NETWORKS, INC. AND JAN RUDERMAN, DATED NOVEMBER 12, 2021

Exhibit 10.12 

November 12, 2021 

Jan Ruderman 

 Home address: 

Dear Jan, 

This letter is to confirm our offer of employment for the position
Chief Revenue Officer, Americas, reporting directly to me, Tuvia Barlev. In this position, you will be expected to devote your full business
time, attention and energies to the performance of your duties with the Company. 

Your responsibilities in this role will include leadership of the Sales,
Service and Business development teams directly reporting to you, and of the regional Marketing activities. 

We would like the effective date of your employment to be December
1 st , 2021. 

The terms of this offer are as follows: 

1.
 Compensation. 

1.1 Annual base salary of 150,000, paid bi-monthly in accordance with
the Company s standard payroll policies. The first and last payment by the Company to you will be adjusted, if necessary, to reflect
work you performed prior your official start date or after the termination date. 

1.2 Annual sales incentive target of 150,000, and may be based on
both regional revenue as well as your personal goals, as well as an optional MBO component, as may be defined by the company from time
to time, and subject to signing annual Sales Compensation Plan document ICC ). Sales Compensation is paid monthly, 30 days
after the end of the month when it is earned. 

You will be guaranteed a minimum of 80 of this incentive target during
the first 6 months of your employment (i.e. 12,500 per month), which will be trued up by December 31 st , 2022. Starting from
the 7 th month of your employment you will be paid a sales incentive based on your and your team s performance, as will
be defined in your ICC/MBO. 

2 . Benefits . During the term of your employment, you
will be eligible for the Company s standard vacation and benefits covering employees, as may be in effect from time to time. Benefits
coverage begins on the first day of the month following employment. 

3. Stock Options. Subject to approval by the Company s
Board of Directors and in compliance with applicable state and federal securities laws, you will be granted 3,000,000 options per company s
stock option plan, in 3 parts: 

First grant of 1,000,000 upon your first date of employment. 

 Second grant of 1,000,000 no later than end of June 2022. 

 Third grant of 1,000,000 no later than end of 2022. 

The exercise price of the options will be the fair market value of
the Company s Common Stock on the date of the grant. The option will vest over four years with 1/4 of the shares subject to the
option vesting one year from the effective date of your employment and 1/48 of the shares vesting at the end of each full month of your
continued employment with the Company, subject to all provisions of the Stock Plan. 

4. Proprietary Information Agreement As a condition of
accepting this offer of employment, you will be required to complete, sign and return to the Company the confidential information agreement
attached hereto, along with a signed copy of this offer letter. 

5. At Will Employment . Your acceptance of this offer
represents the sole agreement between you and Actelis Networks Inc., no prior promises, representations, or understandings relative to
any terms or conditions of your employment are to be considered as part of this agreement unless expressed in writing in this letter.
Actelis Networks is an at will employer which means that this employment relationship may be termination at any time,
with or without good causes or for any or no cause, at the option either of the Company or employee, with or without a notice. 

6. Travel . Periodic travel is a requirement of this position
based on business needs. 

7. General . This offer letter, the Employee Proprietary
Information Agreement, when signed by you set forth the terms of your employment with the Company. This agreement can only be amended
in writing signed and dated by you and by an Officer of the Company. Any waiver of a right under this agreement must be in wiring. California
Law will govern this agreement. As required by immigration law, this offer of employment is subject to satisfactory proof of your right
to work in the United States. 

We are delighted to have you join Actelis Networks. Please verify your
acceptance of our offer by signing and dating this letter in the space provided below and send a scanned copy of the letter and the signed
Confidential Information, Invention Assignment and Arbitration Agreement (all pages) to Carmel Lewis, Human Resources, at carmel@actelis.com.
All terms of this agreement are subject to approval of the Company s Board of Directors. 

We invite you to share our corporate culture by attaching a copy of
our Company Handbook and Confidential Information agreement, for your review and signature along with this offer letter. Our Mission and
Values Statement is also attached for your review. These documents are our company constitution and the guidelines by which we expect
our teammates to live and follow. We want you to understand what values we hold in high regard in advance of accepting our offer. 

We all look forward to great success and enjoyable teamwork and wish
you good luck in your new role. 

Sincerely, 

 ACTELIS NETOWRKS, INC. 

//s// Tuvia Barlev 

Tuvia Barlev 

 CEO 

ACCEPTED: 

/s/ Jan Ruderman 

Jan Ruderman 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex23-1_actelisnet.htm
 CONSENT OF KESSELMAN & KESSELMAN, CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS (ISR.) A MEMBER FIRM OF PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED, INDEPENDENT REGISTERED ACCOUNTING FIRM FOR THE REGISTRANT

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation
by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-266657) of Actelis Networks, Inc. of our report dated March 29, 2023,
relating to the financial statements, which appears in this Form 10-K. 

/s/ Kesselman Kesselman 
Certified Public Accountants (Isr.) 
A member firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers International Limited 
 
Tel-Aviv, Israel 
March 29, 2023 

Kesselman Kesselman, 146 Derech Menachem Begin St. Tel-Aviv 6492103,
Israel, 
P.O Box 7187 Tel-Aviv 6107120, Telephone: +972 -3- 7954555, Fax:+972 -3- 7954556, www.pwc.com/il 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-1_actelisnet.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

I, Tuvia Barlev certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Actelis
Networks, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the
registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) [Omitted] 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability
to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Tuvia Barlev 

Tuvia Barlev 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex31-2_actelisnet.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

I, Yoav Efron, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Actelis
Networks, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the
registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) [Omitted] 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter
in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability
to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Yoav Efron 

Yoav Efron 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 f10k2022ex32-1_actelisnet.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of Actelis Networks, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Tuvia Barlev, Chief Executive Officer of the
Company, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Section
906 ), certify to the best of my knowledge that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: March 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Tuvia Barlev 

Tuvia Barlev 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

A signed original of
this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature
that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to
the Registrant and will be retained by the Registrant and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 f10k2022ex32-2_actelisnet.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of Actelis Networks, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Yoav Efron, Chief Financial Officer of the Company,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Section 906 ),
certify to the best of my knowledge that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: March
 29, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Yoav Efron 

Yoav Efron 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

A signed original of
this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature
that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to
the Registrant and will be retained by the Registrant and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 18
 asns-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 19
 asns-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 20
 asns-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 21
 asns-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 22
 asns-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

