<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230307_10-K_edgar_data_847942_0001493152-23-006924.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3035898</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>192723</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>628495</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>866209</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>576194</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>702069</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-006924.hdr.sgml : 20230307
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230307161544
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-006924
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		54
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230307
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230307

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			STRATEGIC ACQUISITIONS INC /NV/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000847942
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				133506506
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-28963
		FILM NUMBER:		23712794

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 BROAD STREET
		STREET 2:		14TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10004
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-878-6532

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 BROAD STREET
		STREET 2:		14TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10004

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-006924.txt : 20230307

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

Annual Report Pursuant To Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended: , 

Transition Report Under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For
the transition period from ______ to_______ 

Commission
File No. 

STRATEGIC
ACQUISITIONS, INC. 

 (Exact name
of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, , , 
 
 (Address
 of Principal Executive Offices) 

(Registrant s
 Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Title
 of Each Class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of each Exchange on which Registered 

N/A 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated Filer 

Accelerated Filer 
 Smaller Reporting Company 

Emerging
growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act.

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the
Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the voting common stock and non-voting
common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant (without admitting that any person whose shares are not included in such calculation
is an affiliate) was approximately based on 446,200 outstanding shares of common stock held by non-affiliates and the last reported
price of 0.40 on June 10, 2022 

There
were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding as of as of March 6, 2023. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

STRATEGIC
ACQUISITIONS, INC. 

 FORM
10-K 

 For
the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 
 
 2 
 
 Item
 1 
 Business 
 3 
 
 Item
 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 7 
 
 Item
 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 22 
 
 Item
 2 
 Properties 
 22 
 
 Item
 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 22 
 
 PART II 
 
 23 
 
 Item
 5 
 Market for Company s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 23 
 
 Item
 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 
 Item
 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 26 
 
 Item
 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 26 
 
 Item
 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 27 
 
 PART III 
 
 28 
 
 Item
 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 28 
 
 Item
 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 30 
 
 Item
 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 32 
 
 Item
 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 32 
 
 Item
 14 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 33 

PART IV 
 
 34 
 
 Item
 15 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 34 

Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-1 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 35 

1 

PART
I 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ).
Such statements include statements regarding our expectations, hopes or intentions regarding the future, including but not limited to,
statements regarding our strategy and business plan, our compliance with laws and regulations, our beliefs regarding the applicability
of tax regulations and positions and our expectations regarding the impact of accounting pronouncements. 

Forward-looking
statements involve certain risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from those discussed in any such statement.
Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements include the risks described under the
heading Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this report. All forward-looking statements in this document are made as of
the date hereof, based on information available to us as of the date hereof, and, except as otherwise required by law, we assume no obligation
to update any forward-looking statement or other information contained herein to reflect new information, events or circumstances after
the date hereof. 

2 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

Strategic
Acquisitions, Inc. (the Company, Strategic, we, us and words of similar import)
was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on January 27, 1989. On December 22, 2022, we entered into and consummated an
Agreement and Plan of Merger Merger Agreement with Exworth Union Inc Exworth Union and the owners of
all of its outstanding shares of capital stock Exworth Management LLC Exworth Management and World Class Global
Technology PTE. LTD. World Class, collectively with Exworth Management, the Stockholders whereby we acquired
Exworth Union (the Merger ). Exworth Union is engaged in providing loans collateralized by digital assets. Prior to the
Merger, we were a shell company with no commercial operations and had generated no revenues other than nominal interest
income. 

Immediately
prior to the Merger, Exworth Management owned 91 of the outstanding shares of Exworth Union and 74 of the shares of our common stock outstanding. Consequently, the transaction effected through the Merger
Agreement was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization. Exworth Union was determined to be the accounting acquirer and we, Strategic,
were treated as the acquired company for financial reporting purposes. 

As
a result of the acquisition of Exworth Union we are now engaged in providing loans collateralized by digital assets. Our loan business
is currently limited due to the early stage of the digital asset industry, changing economic conditions and the need to more fully develop
a proprietary software technology platform, or the Platform, to facilitate the origination and servicing of digital asset-backed
loans. Our target customers are small businesses and individuals that hold intangible assets including digital currencies seeking loans
secured by such assets. We provide term loans to these enterprises and individuals which are collateralized with intangible assets, such
as Bitcoin. We generate revenue from interest income and transaction-based services fees. Our Platform will be designed to originate
and service loans backed by various assets. Nevertheless, to date Bitcoin is the only asset we have accepted as collateral for a loan
and we intend to focus on the market for loans secured by digital currencies for the immediate future. 

The
Platform 

The
Platform under development will facilitate the origination and servicing of digital asset-backed loans and will consist of a customer
facing website, a mobile application and a loan management system used to monitor the loans made by us. 

The
Platform will provide an integrated service for the origination, documentation and servicing of collateralized loans. Our current core
offering is a digital asset-backed loan. We may in the future offer various other loan products, such as a portfolio line of credit,
debit card, credit card and digital asset-denominated loans. 

We
manage and administer all aspects of loans originated by us, including the application process, qualification of the borrower, structuring
the terms of the loan, loan funding and servicing, and related regulatory compliance. We will manage borrowers digital assets
serving as collateral, through services provided by third party providers of digital asset custody services who hold and transfer the
collateral. 

The
Platform will allow us to process and complete transactions. We plan to use the Platform to onboard borrowers, decide whether to approve
a loan, to structure the amount and terms of the loans we offer, including the value of the collateral to be deposited under our control
as a condition to funding, and to provide funds to borrowers. The Platform will enable us to closely monitor collection and portfolio
performance data that we use to determine whether to foreclose on a loan and liquidate the collateral and to refine the statistical measures
used in making loan transaction decisions. We will also use the Platform to facilitate the transfer of digital asset collateral for loans
and manage the custodial needs for such collateral. 

The
Platform s software will also provide an end-to-end system for managing loan processes from acquisition to repayment or foreclosure.
The Platform will help us manage applications and track loans through all stages, from initial inquiry through funding, diligence, servicing,
margin call and collateral management. Borrowers will receive notifications from the Platform upon collateral deposit, withdrawal requests,
margin call, and other account changes. 

The
Platform will have a borrower-facing website and the mobile application, which will provide prospective borrowers and customers with
the ability to directly manage their loans, collateral and account information. 

We
plan to develop the Platform as a flexible and scalable technology system so that we can include new products intended to meet changes
in borrowers demands and increased volume. 

3 

Digital
Asset-Backed Loans 

We
will originate U.S. Dollar denominated loans. We offer loans to small business and individual borrowers who own digital assets and desire
liquidity in U.S. Dollar denominated loans. We currently only provide loans to businesses and individuals outside of the United States,
mainly in Asia and Europe. We serve this niche market with term loans ranging in size from 500,000 to 5,000,000. Currently, the only
digital asset we are accepting as collateral is Bitcoin. Our loan agreements with borrowers permit us to sell the borrower s collateral
assets to repay the loan principal and accrued interest if a margin call is not timely cured. If the threshold for collateral liquidation
is breached, we trigger a liquidation event. Liquidation events may result in fees which are passed along to the borrower. The margin
requirements are determined by us and agreed to by borrowers. 

Terms
are set forth in loan agreements entered into with each borrower. The loans have a fixed term that range from 3 to 36 months in duration.
The loans generally require either periodic payments of principal and interest with a fixed payment amount due each period during the
term of the loan or periodic payments of interest only with a final lump sum payment of principal at the end of the loan term. Payments
are due monthly or quarterly based on the contractual terms. The applicable interest rates, origination fees and liquidation fees for
our loans will vary based on several factors including the originating loan-to-value ratio, the business status of the borrower, loan
duration and jurisdiction. 

We
make loans based upon: (i) our ability to securely take possession, store, manage, and liquidate the digital assets held as collateral;
(ii) market capitalization, volatility, liquidity, and trading volumes for the digital assets; and (iii) the legal status of the digital
assets to be used as collateral; subject to due diligence and applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering regulations. 

Under
our loan agreements with borrowers, we may, from time to time, repledge certain collateral, including under capital facilities we maintain
with financial partners for capital management purposes. The Company regularly monitors such re-hypothecation and repledging transactions
as well as the credit standing of its financial partners in order to maintain sufficient available capital. 

Loan
Agreement with Our Lenders 

Exworth
Union is and will be party to loan agreements with certain lenders and other strategic partners, pursuant to which it borrows U.S.
dollar-based capital for use in our lending business. We currently are party to a master loan agreement and a master pledge
agreement with a U.S. based lender. According to the master loan agreement, we can borrow utilizing bitcoin as collateral with 70 
loan-to-value on a non-recourse basis. We may elect to enter into additional loans secured by such digital and other assets we have
the right to pledge, on such terms and conditions as may be agreed upon. Our current loan has a term of 24 months with quarterly
interest-only payments with principal paid at the maturity date. No prepayment of the loan principal amount or of any interest due
under the loan is allowed. If the fair market value of our pledged collateral based upon the closing market price has fallen to less
than seventy percent (70 of its fair market value as of the closing of the loan, the lender will provide written notice and we
have five business days to cure the deficiency by the delivery to the lender of additional collateral in U.S. Dollars or bitcoin
equivalent. The lender has the right to demand that curative payments be made in U.S. Dollars. According to the Loan agreement with
our Lender, when all of our obligations have been paid in full, the lender must return the pledged collateral within five business
days 

Geographic
Market 

Our
primary geographical markets are Asia and Europe. We hope to increase our engagement with and gain our clients trust, and enhance
user understanding of the loans we make available and as our customer base grows, provide other financial services. 

4 

Competition 

Our
primary target customers are small businesses and individuals in Asia and Europe. The lending industry in these markets is rapidly changing
and highly innovative. We expect competition within our industry will continue to be intense as existing and new competitors introduce
new products or enhance existing products. Our principal competitors are other digital asset-backed lending companies, decentralized
finance companies, credit services organizations, online lenders, credit card companies, and other financial institutions that offer
similar financial products and services, including loans on an unsecured as well as a secured basis. 

An
additional significant source of competition are companies, including those located outside the United States, that are subject to significantly
less stringent regulatory and compliance requirements in their local jurisdictions. Their business models rely on being unregulated or
only regulated in a small number of lower compliance jurisdictions, while also offering their products in highly regulated jurisdictions,
including the United States, without necessarily complying with the relevant regulatory requirements in such jurisdictions. 

Due
to our commitment to legal and regulatory compliance, we have not been able to offer some popular products and services that our unregulated
or less regulated competitors offer, which may adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We also
expect to expend significant managerial, operational, and compliance costs to meet the legal and regulatory requirements applicable to
us in the United States and other jurisdictions in which we operate and expect to continue to incur significant costs to comply with
these requirements before we could grow our business, which these unregulated or less regulated competitors have not had to incur. 

Further,
as digital assets become more widely adopted, more traditional financial institutions may begin to directly compete with our platform.
Certain of our current and potential competitors, particularly more traditional financial institutions or non-digital asset lenders entering
or that may enter our market, have more extensive customer bases and broader customer relationships than we have and have longer operating
histories and greater name recognition than we have. They also have significantly more financial, technical, marketing and other resources
than we have, and are able to devote greater resources to the development, promotion, sale and support of their products and services.
Competing services that have partnered with or are tied to established banks and other financial institutions, may offer greater liquidity
and create greater consumer confidence in the safety and efficiency of their services than we do. We expect that there will be continued
mergers and acquisitions by or among these companies, which will lead to even larger competitors with more resources. We also expect
to continue to see new entrants to our field, which offer competitive products and services. 

Regulations
That Affect Our Business 

We
currently make loans only outside of the United States. We plan to market and provide services through a number of different online and
offline channels to business in Asia and Europe. In general, local regulations are designed to protect consumers and the public, while
providing standard guidelines for business operations. Laws and regulations typically impose restrictions and requirements, such as governing
interest rates and fees, maximum loan amounts, loan extensions and refinancings, payment schedules (including maximum and minimum loan
durations), disclosures, security for loans and payment mechanisms, licensing, and in certain jurisdictions certain reporting requirements.
For more information regarding the regulations applicable to our business and the risks to which they subject us, see the section entitled
 Risk Factors below. 

In
addition, regulation of the blockchain and digital assets is under active consideration by the United States through various federal
agencies, including the SEC, Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC ), Federal Trade Commission FTC and the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network FinCEN of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, as well as in other countries.
State government regulations may also apply. Furthermore, it is expected that regulations will increase, although we cannot anticipate
how and when. As the regulatory and legal environment evolves, we may become subject to new laws and regulation by the SEC and other
agencies. 

5 

The
legal environment is constantly changing as new laws and regulations are introduced and adopted, and existing laws and regulations are
repealed, amended, modified and reinterpreted. Regulatory authorities at various levels of government and voters have enacted, and will
likely continue to propose, new laws and regulations impacting our industry. Due to the evolving nature of laws and regulations, further
rulemaking could result in new or expanded regulations, particularly at the state level, that may adversely impact current product offerings
or alter the economic performance of our existing products and services. We cannot provide any assurances that additional federal, state,
provincial or local statutes or regulations will not be enacted in the future in any of the jurisdictions in which we operate. It is
possible that future changes to statutes or regulations will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial
condition. Further, as our business evolves and we make loans or provide services to businesses and individuals in more countries, we
will become subject to the applicable laws and regulations in such countries and their political territories. 

Technology
 Technology Suppliers 

Our
Platform is being developed internally and by third parties directed by us. Our Platform will be hosted in third party data centers on
virtual cloud-based infrastructure. These providers include Google Cloud Computing and AWS. These data centers use a mixture of biometric
access controls, redundant power, environmental controls and secure internet connection points to ensure uptime and data security. We
rely on our data center and service providers to maintain peak operating conditions in their businesses and to quickly address issues
related to their service as they arise. 

Crypto
Wallet Providers 

We
are using a crypto custody service provided by Aegis Trust Company, a South Dakota public trust company, to hold the digital assets as
collateral. We rely on our custody service provider to maintain and secure its crypto wallet service for our operations and to provide
its services in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 

Intellectual
Property 

Our
Platform and other technologies incorporate proprietary intellectual properties developed and owned by us or licensed to us on an exclusive
basis. Protecting our rights to our intellectual property enhances our ability to offer distinct and competitive products and services
to our customers. We rely on a combination of patent, trademark and trade secret law protections in the United States, as well as confidentiality
procedures and contractual provisions to protect our intellectual property rights. Our patent strategy includes identifying our key business
goals, enhancing our research and product development, and growing and defending our market share. 

Employees 

As
of February 16, 2023, we had three employees and engaged two consultants. 

6 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

Our
business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by a number of risks if any of them actually
occur, including those described below. This report also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties.
Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors,
including the risks we face as described below and elsewhere in this report. These risks are not the only ones faced
by us. Additional risks not known or that are deemed immaterial could also materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results
of operations, business and prospects. 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR COMPANY AND OUR BUSINESS 

We
have a limited operating history, a history of operating losses and expect to incur significant additional operating losses in the foreseeable
future. 

Exworth
Union was incorporated in March, 2022. We have a limited operating history. We continue to incur operating losses and have not generated
positive cash flow from operations. 

The
amounts of future losses and when, if ever, we will achieve profitability and positive cash flow from operations are uncertain. 

We
will need to secure financing in the future and our ability to secure future financing is uncertain. 

We
anticipate that we will continue to incur operating losses and will need to secure additional financing. We may seek additional
funding through public or private financings, collaborative arrangements, debt or other arrangements with third parties. If adequate
funds are not available, we may be required to delay, scale back or eliminate one or more segments of our business operations or curtail
our business operations in their entirety. If we obtain funds by entering into arrangements with collaborative partners or others, we
may be required to relinquish rights to certain of our products, services, or technologies that we would not otherwise relinquish. See
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 

We
expect our Company s business model to continue to evolve. 

Our
industry is characterized by experimentation, changing customer needs, and frequent introductions of new products and services. As FinTech industry and digital asset and blockchain technologies become more widely available, we expect the services and products associated
with them to continue to rapidly evolve. Thus, in order to stay current with the industry, our business model may need
to evolve as well. From time to time, we may materially modify aspects of our business model relating to our product and service offerings.
We cannot offer any assurance that these or any other modifications will be successful or will not harm our business. If changes to our
business model are not successful, or if we fail to make appropriate changes, it would have a material adverse effect on our business,
prospects or operations and potentially on our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Our
Company is in an early stage of development and it may not be able to develop its business as anticipated. 

We
have generated minimal revenue from our lending business line and have a limited customer base. Our business prospects are difficult
to predict because of our limited operating history, early stage of development, and unproven business strategy. In addition, demand
for our loans is very difficult to predict and may vary widely based on many factors that are outside of our control. Although our management
believes that our current business plan has potential, our Company may never attain profitable operations and our management may not
succeed in realizing our business objectives due to a lack of technical, marketing, financial, and other resources or dependence on the
success of one product or service, a unique distribution channel, or the effectiveness of a manager or management team or other reasons.
If we are not able to execute our business plan as anticipated or modify our business model or products and services to accommodate
changes in the market, we may not be able to achieve profitability. 

7 

We
are subject to the risks frequently experienced by early- stage companies . 

The
likelihood of our success must be considered in light of the risks frequently encountered by early-stage companies, especially those
formed to develop and market new technologies in an uncertain and evolving regulatory landscape. These risks include our potential inability
to: 

establish
 and maintain markets for our services products; 

expand
 the number of loans we extend and the markets in which we are able to lend, which may limit the potential market for our products
 and increase concentration risk; 

identify,
 attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel; 

continue
 to develop and upgrade our technologies to keep pace with changes in technology and regulations and with the growth of markets using
 digital assets and blockchain technologies; 

develop
 strategic relationships and partnerships; 

maintain
 our reputation and build trust with customers; 

scale
 up to larger operations on a consistent basis; 

contract
 for or develop the internal skills needed to master larger operational scales; and 

sufficiently
 fund the capital expenditures required to scale up from small initial operations to larger operations. 

If
we fail to effectively manage our growth our business could suffer . 

A period of significant expansion will be required to achieve the objectives set forth in our current business
plan. This expansion will place a significant strain on our management, operational and financial resources. To manage
the expected growth of our operations and personnel, we must establish appropriate and scalable operational and financial systems, procedures
and controls, and we must continue to establish qualified finance, administrative and operations staff. As a reporting company, we
and our management will have to implement internal controls to comply with our reporting requirements as well as government-mandated
regulations. Our management may be unable to hire, train, retain, motivate and manage the necessary personnel or to identify, manage
and exploit potential strategic relationships and market opportunities. Our failure to manage growth effectively could have a material
and adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our
quarter-to-quarter performance may vary substantially. 

We
cannot accurately estimate future quarterly revenue and operating expenses based on historical performance. Because the loans we extend
are collateralized by digital assets and because we may use those digital assets as collateral for debt that funds our business, our
quarterly results are significantly impacted by and can vary widely based on the underlying value of those digital assets. Our quarterly
operating results may also vary significantly based on many other factors, including: 

fluctuating
 demand for our products and services; 

announcements
 or implementation by our competitors of new products; 

amount
 and timing of our costs related to our marketing efforts or other initiatives; 

timing
 and amounts relating to the expansion of our operations; 

our
 ability to enter into, renegotiate or renew key agreements; 

developing
 regulations relating to digital assets and blockchain technology; or 

economic
 conditions specific to our industry, as well as general economic conditions. 

8 

If
we cannot keep pace with rapid technological developments to provide new and innovative products and services and address the rapidly
evolving market for the use of our products and services, our business may fail. 

Our
industry has been characterized by many rapid, significant, and disruptive products and services in recent years. We cannot predict
the effects of technological changes on our business. We expect that new services and technologies applicable to our industry and
new market entrants, such as decentralized finance, or DeFi, will continue to emerge and may be superior to, or render obsolete, the
technologies we currently use or are developing in our products and services. Developing and incorporating new technologies into our
products and services may require substantial expenditures, take considerable time, and ultimately may not be successful. In
addition, our ability to adopt new products and services and develop new technologies may be inhibited by industry-wide standards,
payment networks, changes to laws and regulations, resistance to change from consumers or merchants, third-party intellectual
property rights, or other factors beyond our control. Our success will depend on our ability to develop and incorporate new
technologies, address the challenges posed by the rapidly evolving market for block-chain based lending transactions through our
platforms and adapt to technological changes and evolving industry standards. If we are unable to do so in a timely or
cost-effective manner, we may not achieve profitable operations and our business could be harmed. 

Substantial
and increasingly intense competition within our industry may harm our business. 

The
lending and payments industry is rapidly changing, highly innovative and subject to substantial regulatory oversight. We expect competition
within our industry will continue to be intense as existing and new competitors introduce new products or enhance existing products.
We compete against a number of companies operating both within the United States and abroad, and both those that focus on traditional
financial services and those that focus on crypto-based services. Alternative lending platforms utilizing digital assets, such as decentralized
finance, or DeFi, may be established that compete with or are more widely used than our Platform. It is possible that alternative platforms
could be established that utilize the same or similar proprietary code and protocol underlying our planned Platform and attempt to facilitate
services that are materially similar to our Platform. 

A
significant source of competition to date has been from companies, including those located outside the United States, subject to
significantly less stringent regulatory and compliance requirements in their local jurisdictions. Their business models rely on
being unregulated or only regulated in a small number of lower compliance jurisdictions, while also offering their products in
highly regulated jurisdictions, including the United States, without necessarily complying with the relevant regulatory requirements
in such jurisdictions. In addition, potential customers may seek to interact with these companies by claiming to be in a
jurisdiction or establishing an entity outside the jurisdiction in which they actually reside 

To
date, due to limited enforcement by U.S. and foreign regulators, many of these competitors have been able to operate while offering
products and services to consumers, including in the United States and other highly regulated jurisdictions, without complying with
the relevant licensing and other requirements in these jurisdictions, and seemingly without penalty. Due to our commitment to legal
and regulatory compliance, we may not be able to effectively compete against 0unregulated or less regulated competitors, which may adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of
operations. We will have to expend significant managerial, operational, and compliance costs to meet the legal and regulatory
requirements applicable to us in the United States and other jurisdictions in which we operate, and expect to continue to incur
significant costs to comply with these requirements, which these unregulated or less regulated competitors have not had to
incur. 

Further,
as digital assets become more widely adopted, more traditional financial institutions may begin to directly provide loans backed by digital
assets. Such traditional institutions would have better access to capital, a larger client base, and greater industry connections and
resources. In addition, some exchanges have begun offering potentially competing products, including Coinbase, one of the largest crypto
exchanges, which in 2020 began offering short term Bitcoin-backed loans. 

9 

These companies have greater financial resources and substantially larger
customer bases than we do, which may provide them with significant competitive advantages. These companies may devote greater resources
than we do to the development, promotion and sale of products and services, and they may be more effective in introducing innovative,
less expensive products and services that hinder our growth. Competing services that have partnered with or are tied to established banks
and other financial institutions, may offer greater liquidity and create greater consumer confidence in the safety and efficiency of
their services than we do. We expect that there will be continued mergers and acquisitions by or among these companies, which will lead
to even larger competitors with more resources. 

Our
ability to further develop our business depends on our ability to build a strong and trusted brand. 

We
cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully build our reputation or brand. Building, maintaining, protecting and enhancing
our reputation are critical to expanding our customer base. Harm to our brand can arise from many sources, including failure by us or
our partners to satisfy expectations of service and quality; inadequate protection of sensitive information; compliance failures and
claims; litigation and other claims; employee misconduct; and misconduct by our partners, service providers or other counterparties.
If we do not successfully maintain a strong and trusted brand, our business could be harmed, which could adversely affect our financial
condition. 

Failure
to attract customers could adversely affect our revenues. 

As
we expand our services, we will need consumer and commercial borrowers to join our Platform and to continue to use our Platform. The
attractiveness of our loans and the products we may offer through our Platform increases as the number of consumer and commercial borrowers
grows because of the resulting reduced risk and lower cost. An increased participant pool generates competitive interest rate dynamics
and data, which is used to improve the effectiveness of our lending risk models. We may not be able to get consumer and commercial borrowers
to join, or if we do, we may experience attrition resulting from several factors, including transfers of customer accounts to our competitors,
and account closures that we may initiate due to fraud or AML concerns. We cannot predict the level of acceptance or attrition in the
future. 

10 

We
have no recourse under the loans to any specific assets of borrowers other than the digital assets of the borrowers designated as collateral
for the loans. 

The
loans we make are secured solely by designated digital assets of the borrowers. We have no security interest in any other assets of the
borrowers. If a borrower breaches its payment obligations under a loan, the value of the collateral may be insufficient to satisfy the
full amount of the borrower s outstanding payment obligations under the loan. In addition, digital assets are subject to loss or
theft due to cyber-attacks, and if collateral is stolen, we would have no recourse against a borrower for its payment obligations under
its loan. 

Digital assets of borrowers securing the loans we make may be rehypothecated or pledged as collateral in third party transactions, which
may adversely impact our liquidity and results of financial operations. 

Digital
assets of borrowers securing the loans we hold may be rehypothecated, repledged, sold, or otherwise transferred or used at our risk
(the Repledged Collateral in transactions, including credit facilities or derivatives contracts, we enter into with
third parties (each, a Counterparty or at the risk of our Counterparties in transactions whereby they obtain capital.
In the event we breach our contractual obligations or one of our counterparties were to breach its obligation in respect of such
transactions or the occurrence of certain conditions, the Counterparty may foreclose on the Repledged Collateral or
otherwise require us to liquidate or transfer it or the Counterparty may forfeit to its lender its right to the Repledged Collateral. Additionally, to the extent that any Repledged Collateral is required to be
transferred or made accessible to a third party in connection with the pledge, such collateral may be vulnerable to loss or theft
due to cyber-attacks affecting such third parties or other forms of malfeasance. 

Upon
the occurrence of any of the foregoing, we may be required to purchase digital assets to replace the Repledged Collateral in order to
comply with our obligations to those borrowers whose digital assets constituted the Repledged Collateral. As the price and availability
of digital assets are subject to fluctuations, such purchases may subject us to substantial and unpredictable expenses. 

We
may attempt to mitigate the risks described above relating to the Repledged Collateral through various means, including continuous monitoring
and testing of market conditions, the implementation of technology security protocols, and the maintenance of specified capital ratios
to ensure its continued solvency. However, there is no assurance that our attempts to mitigate the risks described above will be successful.
If we are not successful in mitigating the risks relating to the Repledged Collateral, we may be unable to remit or be delayed in remitting
amounts due to the Platform Counterparty. 

We
use third-party services in connection with our business, and any disruption to these services could result in disruption to our business,
negative publicity and a slowdown in the growth of our users, materially and adversely affecting our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

Our
business depends on services provided by, and relationships with, various third parties, including digital assets custody providers,
exchanges, banks, cloud hosting, server operators, broadband providers, and customer service vendors among others. The failure of any
of these parties to perform in compliance with our agreements may negatively impact our business. Additionally, if such third parties increase their prices, or discontinue their relationships with us, we could suffer service
interruptions, reduced revenues or increased costs, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

Any
acquisitions, strategic partnerships or joint ventures that we make or enter into could disrupt our business and harm our financial condition. 

Acquisitions,
strategic partnerships and joint ventures are part of our growth strategy. We may not be successful in identifying acquisition, strategic
partnership, and joint venture targets. In addition, we may not be able to successfully finance or integrate, or realize expected benefits
from, any businesses, services, or technologies that we acquire or with which we form a strategic partnership or joint venture, and we
may lose merchants and customers as a result of any acquisition, strategic partnership, or joint venture. Furthermore, the integration
of any acquisition, strategic partnership, or joint venture may divert management s time and resources from our core business and
disrupt our operations. 

11 

Our
failure to manage our customer funds properly could harm our business. 

We
expect to hold digital assets belonging to our customers or deposit them with third party custody providers or
repledge and rehypothecate them pursuant to a third party facility or transaction. Our ability to manage and account accurately for the
assets underlying our customer funds and comply with applicable regulatory requirements requires a high level of internal controls. In
addition, we are dependent on the operations, liquidity, and financial condition of third-party custody providers for the proper maintenance,
use, and safekeeping of our customers assets. As our business continues to grow and we expand our product offerings, we must continue
to strengthen our associated internal controls. Any failure to maintain
the necessary controls or to manage our customer funds and the assets underlying our customer funds accurately and in compliance with
applicable regulatory requirements could result in reputational harm, lead customers to discontinue or reduce their use of our products
and result in significant penalties and fines, which could materially harm our business. 

The
costs and effects of future litigation, investigations or similar matters, or adverse facts and developments related thereto,
could materially affect our business, financial position and results of operations. 

We
may be subject to legal, arbitration and administrative investigations, inspections and proceedings arising in the ordinary course of
our business or from extraordinary corporate, tax or regulatory events, involving our clients, suppliers, customers, as well as competition,
government agencies, tax and environmental authorities, particularly with respect to civil, tax and labor claims. Tax investigations
could include investigations into potential tax violations committed by our customers through the use of digital assets. Lawsuits and
other legal proceedings can involve substantial costs, including the costs associated with investigation, litigation and possible settlement,
judgment, penalty or fine, and could harm our reputation regardless of merit or eventual outcome. Our insurance may not cover all claims
that may be asserted against us, and any claims asserted against us. As a smaller company, the collective costs of litigation proceedings
or investigations can be significant and could include judgments or settlements that exceed our insurance policies or indemnity rights
or reimbursement of attorneys fees, litigation costs and expenses if we do not prevail, all of which would represent a drain on
our cash resources, as well as require an inordinate amount of management s time and attention. Moreover, an adverse ruling in
respect of certain litigation or investigations could have a material adverse effect on our results of operation and financial condition. 

12 

Changes
in tax laws and unanticipated tax liabilities could adversely affect our effective income tax rate and profitability. 

We
are subject to income taxes in the United States and other foreign jurisdictions. Due to the new and evolving nature of crypto assets
and the absence of comprehensive legal guidance with respect to crypto asset products and transactions, many significant aspects of U.S. federal income and foreign tax treatment of transactions involving crypto assets are uncertain Our effective income tax rate could
be adversely affected in the future by a number of other factors, including changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing
statutory tax rates or changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities. Any alteration of existing IRS and foreign tax authority positions or additional
guidance regarding crypto asset products and transactions could result in adverse tax consequences for holders of crypto assets and could
have an adverse effect on the value of crypto assets and of our business. The uncertainty regarding tax treatment of crypto asset transactions
impacts our customers, and could impact our business, both domestically and abroad. 

Changes
in applicable tax regulations or unanticipated tax-related liabilities and costs could have a material adverse effect on our ability
to implement our business plans. 

We
may be subject to obligations to collect and remit sales tax and other taxes, and we may be subject to tax liability for past
sales, which could harm our business. 

State,
local and foreign jurisdictions have differing rules and regulations governing sales, use, value added and other taxes, and these rules
and regulations are subject to varying interpretations that change over time. In particular, the applicability of such taxes to digital
assets in various jurisdictions is unclear. Further, these jurisdictions rules regarding tax nexus vary significantly and are
complex. As such, we could face possible tax assessments and audits, or increased costs associated with compliance. A successful assertion,
by any taxing authority, that we should be collecting sales, use, value added or other taxes in jurisdictions where
we have not historically done so and do not accrue for such taxes could result in tax liabilities and related penalties for past sales,
discourage customers from purchasing our products or otherwise harm our business. 

Our
principal stockholder owns a significant percentage of our stock and will be able to exert significant control over matters subject to
stockholder approval. 

Our principal stockholder beneficially owns approximately 84 of our common stock assuming no exercise of
outstanding options. This stockholder is able to control matters requiring stockholder approval. For example, it is able to control elections
of directors, amendments of our organizational documents or approval of any merger, sale of assets or other major corporate transactions.
This concentration of ownership control may delay, discourage or prevent a change of control, including unsolicited acquisition proposals
or offers for our common stock that you may feel are in your best interest as one of our stockholders, entrench our management and board
of directors or delay or prevent a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving us that other stockholders
may desire. The interests of this stockholder may not always coincide with your interests or the interests of other stockholders and
it may act in a manner that advances its best interests and not necessarily those of other stockholders. 

Our
management team has limited experience managing a reporting company and regulatory compliance may divert its attention from the day-to-day
management of our business. 

The
individuals who now constitute our management team have limited experience managing a publicly-traded company and limited experience
complying with the increasingly complex laws pertaining to reporting companies. Our management team may not successfully or efficiently
manage a reporting company that is subject to significant regulatory oversight and reporting obligations under the federal securities
laws. In particular, these new obligations will require substantial attention from our senior management and could divert their attention
away from the day-to-day management of our business. 

13 

Members
of our Board of Directors do not have significant experience as directors of a growing internet-based financial services platform. 

Members
of our Board of Directors have limited experience as directors overseeing the operation of an internet-based financial services platform
that is subject to complex regulations and laws. Our Board of Directors may not successfully oversee the management of our operations
and growth, risks applicable to our business or our compliance with the complex regulatory environment in which we operate, which could
adversely affect our ability to successfully operate and grow our business or increase the risk of our noncompliance with laws and regulations
applicable to our business. 

The
liability of our board of directors is limited. 

The
corporate law of the State of Nevada limits the liability of our directors and generally provides that directors shall have no personal
liability to the Company or its stockholders for monetary damages for breaches of their fiduciary duties as directors, subject to certain
limited exceptions. 

We
will incur increased costs as a result of operating as a reporting company, and our management will be required to devote substantial
time to new compliance initiatives. 

We
will incur certain costs of compliance with applicable SEC reporting rules and regulations including, but not limited to attorneys 
fees, accounting and auditing fees, other professional fees and Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 SOX compliance costs. 

Events outside of
our control, for example, the outbreak of the recent coronavirus COVID-19 or the
war in Ukraine, could adversely affect our business activities, financial condition and results of operations. 

Various
events such as, the spread of a highly infectious or contagious virus or disease, such as COVID-19, or the outbreak of an
international conflict, could cause severe disruptions in the economies of the United States and other countries, and in turn
disrupt the business, activities, and operations of some of our customers, as well as our business and operations. Moreover, since
the beginning of January 2020, the coronavirus outbreak and the outbreak of the war in Ukraine, have caused significant volatility
in the global financial markets. The outbreak of another highly infectious or contagious virus or disease or another conflict, may result in a
significant decrease in business and/or cause our customers to be unable to meet existing payment or other obligations to us. In
addition, any disruptions to the business operations of a third party service provider on whom our business depends resulting from
business restrictions, quarantines, or restrictions on the ability of personnel to perform their jobs could have an adverse impact
on our service providers ability to provide services to us. 

The
extent to which any cataclysmic event will negatively impact our business and results of operations will depend on future
developments which are highly uncertain and cannot be accurately predicted. For example, an outbreak of a disease such as COVID-19
raises the possibility of an extended global economic downturn, which could affect the performance of and demand for our products
and services and adversely impact our business and results of operations even after the pandemic is contained. 

Additionally,
such an event could continue to impact employees who may have personal needs to attend to (such as looking after children as a result of
school closures or family who become sick) and employees may become sick themselves and be unable to work. 

14 

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 

Interruption
or failure of our information technology and communications systems could impair our operations, which could damage our reputation and
harm our results of operations. 

Our
success and ability to process transactions and provide high quality customer service depend on the efficient and uninterrupted operation
of our computer server and information technology systems. The failure of our computer systems and information technology to operate
effectively or to integrate with other systems, performance inadequacy, or breach in security may cause interruptions in our operations
as well as reputational harm. Any failures, problems, or security breaches may mean that fewer customers are willing to borrow money
from us. Factors that could occur and significantly disrupt our operations include system failures and outages caused by fire, floods,
earthquakes, power loss, telecommunications failure sabotage, terrorist attacks and similar events, software errors, computer viruses,
physical or electronic break-ins, and breaches of our customers personal information such as passwords or other personal information. 

Unauthorized
disclosure, destruction or modification of data, including personal information, through cybersecurity breaches, computer viruses or
otherwise or disruption of our services could expose us to liability, protracted and costly litigation and damage our reputation. 

Our
business involves the collection, storage, processing, and transmission of customers personal data, including names, addresses,
identification numbers and/or bank account numbers. An increasing number of organizations, including large merchants and businesses,
other large technology companies, financial institutions and government institutions, have disclosed breaches of their information technology
systems, some of which involved sophisticated and highly targeted attacks, including on portions of their websites or infrastructure.
We could be subject to breaches of security by hackers. Breaches may occur by human error, fraud, or malice on the part of employees
or third parties or may result from accidental technological failure. Concerns about security are increased when we transmit information.
Electronic transmissions can be subject to attack, interception or loss. Also, computer viruses and malware can be distributed and spread
rapidly over the internet and could infiltrate our systems or those of our associated participants, which can impact the confidentiality,
integrity and availability of information and the integrity and availability of our products, services and systems, among other effects.
Denial of service, ransomware or other attacks could be launched against us for a variety of purposes, including interfering with our
services or creating a diversion for other malicious activities. These types of actions and attacks could disrupt our delivery of products
and services or make them unavailable, which could damage our reputation, force us to incur significant expenses in remediating the resulting
impacts, expose us to uninsured liability, subject us to lawsuits, fines or sanctions, distract our management, or increase our costs
of doing business. 

As
part of our business operations, we share information with third parties, including commercial partners, third-party service providers
and other agents, who collect, process, store, and transmit sensitive data. Given the rules established by the applicable regulations,
we may be held responsible for any failure or cybersecurity breaches attributed to these third parties insofar as they relate to information we share with them. The loss, destruction, or unauthorized modification of data of users of our services by us or
our third-party service providers and other agents or through systems we provide could result in significant fines, sanctions, and proceedings
or actions against us by governmental bodies or third parties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, and results of operations. Any such proceeding or action, and any related indemnification obligation, could damage our reputation,
force us to incur significant expenses in defense of these proceedings, distract our management, increase our costs of doing business,
or result in the imposition of financial liability. 

Our protective measures may not prevent unauthorized access or use of sensitive data. A breach of our system
or that of one of our associated participants may subject us to material losses or liability, including payment scheme fines, assessments
and claims for unauthorized purchases with misappropriated credit, debit or card information, impersonation, or other similar fraud claims.
A misuse of such data or a cybersecurity breach could harm our reputation and deter merchants from using electronic payments generally
and our products and services specifically, thus reducing our revenue. In addition, any such misuse or breach could cause us to incur
costs to correct the breaches or failures, expose us to uninsured liability, increase our risk of regulatory scrutiny, subject us to
lawsuits, result in the imposition of material penalties and fines under state and federal laws or regulations or by the payment systems.
While we maintain insurance policies specifically for cyber-attacks, a significant cybersecurity breach of our systems or communications
could result in payment systems prohibiting us from processing transactions on their systems, which could materially impede our ability
to conduct business. 

15 

Cybersecurity
incidents are increasing in frequency and evolving in nature and include, but are not limited to, installation of malicious software,
unauthorized access to data and other electronic security breaches that lead to disruptions in systems, unauthorized release of
confidential or otherwise protected information and the corruption of data. Given the unpredictability of the timing, nature and scope
of information technology disruptions, there can be no assurance that the procedures and controls we employ will be sufficient to prevent
security breaches from occurring and we could be subject to manipulation or improper use of our systems and networks or financial losses
from remedial actions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
have only a limited ability to protect our intellectual property rights, which are important to our success. 

The
protection of our intellectual property, including our trademarks, any future patents, copyrights, domain names, trade dress, software
licensed by us for use in our Platform and trade secrets, is critical to our success. We seek to protect our intellectual property rights
by relying on applicable laws and regulations, as well as a variety of administrative procedures. We also rely on contractual restrictions
to protect our proprietary rights when offering or procuring products and services, including confidentiality agreements with parties
with whom we conduct business. 

The
contractual provisions we enter into with employees, consultants, vendors, and customers may not prevent unauthorized use or disclosure
of our proprietary technology or intellectual property rights and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized use
or disclosure of our proprietary technology or intellectual property rights. Moreover, policing unauthorized use of our technologies,
services and intellectual property is difficult, expensive and time consuming, particularly in foreign countries where the laws may not
be as protective of intellectual property rights as those in the United States, and where mechanisms for enforcement of intellectual
property rights may be weak. Any failure to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights adequately, or significant costs
incurred in doing so, could materially harm our business. 

As
the number of products in the software industry increases and the functionalities of these products further overlap, and as we acquire
technology through acquisitions or licenses, we may become increasingly subject to infringement claims, including patent, copyright,
and trademark infringement claims. We may be required to enter into litigation to determine the validity and scope of the patents or
other intellectual property rights of others. The ultimate outcome of any allegation is uncertain and, regardless of the outcome, any
such claim, with or without merit, may be time-consuming, result in costly litigation, divert management s time and attention from
our business, require us to stop selling, or redesign our products, or require us to pay substantial amounts to satisfy judgments or
settle claims or lawsuits or to pay substantial royalty or licensing fees, or to satisfy indemnification obligations that we have with
some of our customers. Our failure to obtain necessary license or other rights, or litigation or claims arising out of intellectual property
matters, may materially harm our business. 

Our
ability to obtain insurance to protect against losses affecting our business, including fraud or theft involving digital assets used
as collateral for loans we extend, is limited and may not cover losses we experience. 

We
have very limited insurance coverage available to protect against losses that we may incur, including losses resulting from fraud
or theft or loss of digital assets used as collateral for loans. When we hold digital assets with third-party custody service providers
we may participate in their insurance coverage, such as cyber and technology errors and omissions. Such insurance coverage may be insufficient
to compensate us for losses we incur in connection with our operations. If we are unable to obtain insurance to cover such losses,
we would be liable for the full cost associated with them. Further, even if insurance coverage is or becomes available to us, the coverage
may not be sufficient to cover the full amount of losses we incur, which could materially harm our business and financial results. 

16 

RISKS
RELATED TO REGULATION OF OUR INDUSTRY 

Our
business is subject to extensive government regulation and oversight as well as complex and overlapping rules that
frequently change. 

Our
business and the products we intend to offer are subject to laws, regulations, policies and legal interpretations in the United States and the markets in which we operate,
including, but not limited to, those governing credit and lending transactions, collections, securities and commodities transactions,
cross-border and domestic money transmission, foreign exchange, privacy, data protection, cybersecurity, consumer protection, digital
assets, economic and trade sanctions, anti-money laundering, and counter-terrorist financing. The legal and regulatory requirements which
we are subject to involve extensive, complex and frequently changing. These laws and regulations affect our business in many ways, and
include regulations relating to: 

the
 amount we may charge in interest rates and fees; 
 
 the
 terms of our loans (such as maximum and minimum durations), repayment requirements and limitations,
 maximum loan amounts, refinances and extensions and reporting; 
 
 underwriting
 requirements; 
 
 collection
 and servicing activity, including initiation of payments from consumer accounts; 
 
 licensing,
 reporting and document retention; 
 
 unfair,
 deceptive and abusive acts and practices; 
 
 non-discrimination
 requirements; 
 
 disclosures,
 notices, advertising and marketing; 
 
 loans
 to members of the military and their dependents; 
 
 requirements
 governing electronic payments, transactions, signatures and disclosures; 
 
 privacy
 and use of personally identifiable information and consumer credit reports; 
 
 anti-money
 laundering and counter-terrorist financing requirements, including currency and suspicious
 transaction recording and reporting; and 
 
 posting
 of fees and charges. 

As
we expand into new markets, we must comply with the laws of countries or markets in which we operate. There can be no
assurance that our employees, contractors, or agents will not violate such laws and regulations. Any such violation could have a material
adverse effect on our Company. 

We
may extend loans to borrowers located outside of the United States, including in emerging markets, which would subject us to risks and
additional laws and regulations. 

We
currently are lending to borrowers located outside the United States including countries in emerging markets. Developing countries are subject to economic, political and other uncertainties, including changes in monetary, exchange
control, trade policies and environmental conditions which may affect their respective overall business environments and, in turn,
our ability to originate loans and the ability of borrowers to repay loans. The lending industry in many countries is highly
competitive and susceptible to changing individual and entity preferences. Additionally, in emerging markets, the repayment of loans will be subject to certain
risks not typically associated with investment in developed economies or markets, such as greater political, legal, regulatory, and
economic risk. 

17 

If
we fail to adhere to applicable laws and regulations, we could be subject to fines, civil penalties and other relief that could adversely
affect our business and results of operations. 

The
governmental entities that regulate our business have the ability to sanction us and obtain redress for violations of these regulations,
either directly or through civil actions, in a variety of different ways, including: 

ordering
 remedial or corrective actions, including changes to compliance systems, product terms, and other business operations; 

imposing
 fines or other monetary penalties, including for substantial amounts; 

ordering
 the payment of restitution, damages or other amounts to customers, including multiples of the amounts charged; 

disgorgement
 of revenue or profit from certain activities; 

imposing
 cease and desist orders, including orders requiring affirmative relief, targeting specific business activities; 

subjecting
 our operations to additional regulatory examinations during a remediation period; 

revocation
 of licenses to operate in a particular jurisdiction; and 

other
 consequences. 

Many
of the government entities that regulate us have the authority to examine us on a regular basis to determine whether we are complying
with applicable laws and regulations and to identify and sanction non-compliance. These examinations and audits increase the likelihood
that any failure to comply (or perceived failure to comply) with applicable laws and regulations will be identified and sanctioned, which
may include suspension, imposition of fines or revocation of required licenses. 

The
regulations to which we are subject change from time to time, and future changes, including some that have been proposed and those that
subject us to regulation as a bank or other financial institution in non-U.S. jurisdictions, could restrict us in ways that adversely
affect our business and results of operations. 

The
laws and regulations to which we are subject change from time to time, and there has been a general increase in the volume and burden
of laws and regulations that apply to us in the jurisdictions in which we operate at all levels of government. We also may be subject
to licensing requirements and related compliance obligations under the money transmitter laws of the states in which we operate. For
example, in June 2015, the New York State Department of Financial Services DFS issued its virtual currency regulation,
23 NYCRR Part 200, under the New York Financial Services Law. Under the regulation, businesses are not permitted, in New York or with
a New York resident, to receive digital assets as payment, custody digital assets, buy or sell digital assets, or issue digital assets,
among other things, without a license issued by the DFS. In addition, money transmission laws vary from state to state, with some states
applying money transmission laws to digital assets, in potentially different ways, and others not applying such laws to digital assets.
Failure to comply with any such applicable requirements could result in administrative, civil or criminal penalties or other enforcement
actions, as well as reputational harm. In addition, we may decide not to, or may not be able to, operate in certain jurisdictions as
a result of regulatory or licensing requirements. 

Financial services and banking laws and regulations are subject to ongoing review and revision, including changes in response
to global regulatory trends. State, federal and foreign governments have been actively considering new banking laws and
regulations, and revising existing laws and regulations, particularly in relation to the regulation of non-bank financial
institutions, interest rate regulations, capital adequacy and accounting standards. We expect that the interest in increasing the regulation
of our industry will continue and that we will be subject to varying rules depending on the state or the country. It is possible that
future laws and regulations will be enacted and will adversely affect our pricing, product mix, compliance costs or other business activities
in a way that is detrimental to our results of operations. Further, we believe increasingly strict legal and regulatory requirements
and additional regulatory investigations and enforcement, any of which could occur or intensify, may result in changes to our business,
as well as increased costs, and supervision and examination for ourselves and our agents and service providers. Moreover, new laws,
regulations, or interpretations may result in additional litigation, regulatory investigations, and enforcement or other actions, including
preventing or delaying us from offering certain products or services offered by our competitors or could impact how we offer such products
and services. 

18 

Any
legislative or regulatory action, including the initiation of a proceeding relating to one or more allegations or findings of any violations
of laws, and any required changes in our operations resulting from such legislation and regulations could result in significant loss
of revenue, limit our ability to pursue certain business opportunities, increase the level of reserves we are required to maintain or
capital adequacy requirements, affect the value of assets that we hold, require us to increase interest rates or other fees and, therefore,
reduce demand for our products, impose additional costs or otherwise adversely affect our business. Such actions and proceedings may
also impair our ability to collect payments on loans, originate additional loans or result in the requirement that we pay damages and/or
cancel the balance or other amounts owing under loans associated with such actions and proceedings. 

Judicial
decisions could potentially render our arbitration agreements unenforceable. 

We
include pre-dispute arbitration provisions in our loan agreements. These provisions are designed to allow us to resolve most customer
disputes through individual arbitration rather than in court. Our arbitration provisions explicitly provide that all arbitrations will
be conducted on an individual and not on a class basis. Thus, our arbitration agreements, if enforced, have the effect of shielding us
from class action liability. There is always a risk, however, that a court would deny arbitration based upon facts presented by one or
more consumers opposing the arbitration or that laws could change that might limit or restrict our ability to enforce the arbitration
provisions in our loan agreements, in which case we would be forced to litigate disputes and may be subject to class action liability.
In addition, we may be subject to public injunctive relief claims by borrowers in California, which have the potential to broadly affect
a company s business operations, much like a class-wide injunction. 

Our
use of pre-dispute arbitration provisions will remain dependent on whether courts continue to enforce these provisions. If our arbitration
agreements were to become unenforceable for some reason, we could experience an increase in our costs to litigate and settle customer
disputes and our exposure to potentially damaging class action lawsuits, with a potential material adverse effect on our business and
results of operations. 

Class action and administrative proceedings directed towards our industry or us may have a material adverse impact
on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

We
may be involved in proceedings, lawsuits or other claims. Other companies in our industry have been subject to regulatory proceedings,
class action lawsuits and other litigation regarding the offering of consumer loans. We could be adversely affected by interpretations
of state, federal, foreign and provincial laws in those legal and regulatory proceedings, even if we are not a party to those proceedings.
We anticipate that lawsuits and enforcement proceedings involving our industry, and potentially involving us, will continue to be brought
in the future. 

We
may incur significant expenses associated with the defense or settlement of lawsuits, the potential exposure for which
is uncertain. The resolution of legal or regulatory proceedings, whether by judgment or settlement, could force us to refund
fees and interest collected, refund the principal amount of advances, pay damages or other monetary penalties or modify or terminate
our operations in particular local, state, provincial or federal jurisdictions. The defense of such legal proceedings, even if successful,
requires significant time and attention from our senior officers and other management personnel that would otherwise be spent on other
aspects of our business, and requires the expenditure of substantial amounts for legal fees and other related costs. Additionally, an adverse
judgment or settlement in a lawsuit or regulatory proceeding could in certain circumstances provide a basis for the termination, non-renewal,
suspension or denial of a license required for us to do business in a particular jurisdiction (or multiple jurisdictions). A sufficiently
serious violation of law in one jurisdiction or with respect to one product could have adverse licensing consequences in other jurisdictions
and/or with respect to other products. Thus, legal and enforcement proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business,
future results of operations, financial condition and ability to service our debt obligations. 

19 

We
are subject to anti-corruption, anti-bribery and anti-money laundering laws and regulations. 

We
are subject to various anti-corruption, anti-bribery and anti-money laundering laws and regulations that prohibit, among other things,
our involvement in improper payments to public officials for the purpose of obtaining advantages or in transferring the proceeds
of criminal activities. We continue to review and update programs designed to comply with legal and regulatory requirements.
However, any errors, failures, or delays in complying with anti-corruption, anti-bribery and anti-money laundering laws and regulations
could result in significant criminal and civil lawsuits, penalties, forfeiture of significant assets, or other enforcement actions, as
well as reputational harm. 

The
main laws in the U.S. regarding anti-money laundering are the Bank Secrecy Act and the USA Patriot Act of 2001. These laws require
financial institutions to maintain an anti-money laundering compliance program covering certain of our business activities. The
program must include: (1) the development of internal policies, procedures and controls; (2) designation of a compliance officer;
(3) an ongoing employee training program; and (4) an independent audit function to test the program. If we are not in compliance
with U.S. or other anti-money laundering laws, we may be subject to criminal and civil penalties and other remedial measures, which
could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Any investigation of any
potential violations of anti-money laundering laws by U.S. or international authorities could harm our reputation and could have a
material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Regulators
may increase enforcement of these obligations, which may require us to further revise or expand our compliance program, including the
procedures we use to verify the identity of our customers and to monitor our transactions. Regulators regularly reexamine the transaction
volume thresholds at which we must obtain and keep applicable records or verify identities of customers and any change in such thresholds
could result in greater costs for compliance. Costs associated with fines or enforcement actions, changes in compliance requirements,
or limitations on our ability to grow could harm our business. 

GENERAL
RISKS RELATED TO DIGITAL ASSETS 

The
prices of digital assets are extremely volatile. 

Fluctuations
in the price of digital assets could significantly affect the value of the digital assets that we hold, including treasury assets and
collateral securing loans. The price of digital assets is affected by many factors beyond our control. In addition, a decrease in the
price of one digital asset may cause volatility in the entire digital asset industry. 

The
regulatory regime governing digital assets is still developing, and regulatory changes or actions may alter the nature of an investment
in digital assets or restrict the use of digital assets in a manner that adversely affects our business plans. 

The
regulation of digital assets and digital asset exchanges are currently under-developed and likely to rapidly evolve and vary significantly
among U.S. and non-U.S. jurisdictions and are subject to significant uncertainty. As digital assets have grown in both popularity and
market size, governments around the world have reacted differently to digital assets, with certain governments deeming them illegal while
others have allowed their use and trade. Various legislative and executive bodies in the United States, and other countries, are, or
are considering, enacting laws, regulations, guidance, or other actions, which could adversely impact our Company and the value of the
digital assets we hold as collateral. Our failure to comply with any laws, rules and regulations, some of which may not exist yet or
are subject to interpretation and may be subject to change, could result in a variety of adverse consequences, including criminal and
civil penalties and fines against our Company. 

20 

The
development and acceptance of transactions in digital assets are subject to a variety of factors that are difficult to evaluate. 

The
use of digital assets to buy and sell goods and services and complete transactions is part of a new and rapidly evolving industry, and
the continued growth of this industry and the continued and growing use of digital assets is highly uncertain. If the development or
acceptance of digital assets were to slow or stop, it could have a material adverse effect on our business. Factors that could affect
the expansion or contraction of the use of digital assets and our related business plans, include, but are not limited to: 

continued
 worldwide growth in the adoption and use of digital assets; 
 
 governmental
 and quasi-governmental regulation of digital assets and their use, or restrictions on or
 regulation of access to and operation of digital asset systems; 
 
 the
 maintenance and development of software and technology on which many digital assets are dependent; 
 
 the
 availability and popularity of other forms or methods of buying and selling goods and services,
 including new means of using fiat currencies; 
 
 general
 economic conditions and the regulatory environment relating to digital assets (whether in
 the U.S. or elsewhere); and 
 
 negative
 consumer sentiment and perception of digital assets in general. 

We
cannot predict with certainty any outcome regarding use of digital assets, and any of the above factors may have a material adverse effect
on our business. 

Digital
assets, might be used for illegal or improper purposes, which could expose our Company to liability and harm its business. 

Digital
assets, including the digital assets we hold as treasury assets and as collateral for our loans, may be susceptible to potentially illegal
or improper uses as criminals are using increasingly sophisticated methods to engage in illegal activities involving internet services,
such as money laundering, terrorist financing, drug trafficking, and other online misconduct. Borrowers may also try to access a loan
for illegal or improper purposes or try to provide stolen digital assets as collateral for a loan. To the extent any of these illegal
or improper activities occur outside the United States, our remedies may be significantly limited or nonexistent. Despite measures we intend to take to detect and lessen the risk of this kind of conduct, we cannot assure you that these measures will stop all
illegal or improper uses of digital assets we hold. The value of our business could be harmed if borrowers use funds obtained from us
for illegal or improper purposes. It may also impair our ability to foreclose on digital assets we hold as collateral in the event of
a defaulting loan or margin call under a loan. 

Incorrect
or fraudulent digital asset transactions may be irreversible. 

Digital
asset transactions are not, from an administrative perspective, reversible without the consent and active participation of the recipient
of the transaction. Once a transaction has been verified and recorded in a block that is added to the blockchain, an incorrect transfer of
a digital assets generally will not be reversible, and we may not be capable of seeking compensation for any such transfer or
theft. Such events on a large enough scale would have a material adverse effect on our operations. 

Digital
assets are subject to risks of uninsured losses. 

Unlike
bank accounts or accounts at some other financial institutions, digital assets are uninsured unless you obtain private insurance. Thus, in the event of loss or loss of utility value, there is no public insurer, such as the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation or SIPC and we have not arranged private insurance, to offer recourse to holders with respect
to digital assets we hold as collateral. Therefore, any lending transactions are made at the risk of the borrower. 

21 

The
use of digital asset derivatives can introduce additional market and regulatory risk. 

We
may use instruments referred to as derivatives, which are financial instruments that derive their value from one or more assets, in our
case cryptocurrencies including Bitcoin. We may use derivatives for speculative purposes to seek to enhance returns. The use of a derivative
is speculative if we are primarily seeking to achieve gains, rather than offset the risk of other positions. To the extent we invest
in a derivative for speculative purposes, we will be fully exposed to the risks of loss of that derivative, which may sometimes be greater
than the derivative s cost, and the potential for loss in certain cases may be unlimited. 

Digital
asset derivatives are a developing market and may be traded on unregulated or offshore exchanges. Regulatory changes or actions may alter
the nature of an investment in digital asset derivatives or restrict the use of digital asset derivatives or the operations of the exchanges
on which digital asset derivatives trade in a manner that adversely affects the price of digital asset derivatives, which could adversely
impact the Company. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

We share office space at 51 JFK Parkway Suite 135, Short Hills, NJ 07078 with Exworth Management
LLC at a rate of approximate 1,800 per month. For the reporting period ended on December 31, 2022, this rent expense was paid by Exworth
Management LLC at no cost to us. This arrangement could change or terminate at any time. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

The
Company is not a party to any legal proceedings, and no such proceedings are known to be contemplated. 

22 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

There
is no established trading market for our common stock. Our common stock is subject to quotation on the OTC Pink marketplace under
the symbol STQN. The following table shows the quarterly high and low bid prices during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021
as reported by Bloomberg, LP. These prices reflect inter-dealer bid quotations, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission, and
may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

Inter-dealer bid quotations for Common Stock 

High 
 Low 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 

First Quarter 
 1.28 
 0.5126 
 
 Second Quarter 
 1.28 
 0.40 
 
 Third Quarter 
 2.00 
 0.40 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 1.12 
 0.45 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 

First Quarter 
 0.282 
 0.166 
 
 Second Quarter 
 0.2078 
 0.18 
 
 Third Quarter 
 1.10 
 0.2078 
 
 Fourth Quarter 
 0.401 
 0.40 

As
of February 16, 2023, there were approximately 58 holders of record and 80 beneficial owners of our common stock 

Dividend
Policy . We have never declared a dividend and anticipate that we will not pay any cash dividends at any time in the foreseeable future. 

The
Company does not have an equity compensation plan. 

The
Company did not repurchase any equity securities during the fiscal year ended on December 31, 2022. 

Penny
Stock Regulations 

 The
SEC has adopted regulations that generally define penny stock to be an equity security that has a market price of less
than 5.00 per share. Our common stock, when and if a trading market develops, may fall within the definition of penny stock and be subject
to rules that impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell such securities to persons other than established
customers and accredited investors (generally those with assets in excess of 1,000,000 or annual incomes exceeding 0.20 million individually,
or 300,000, together with their spouse). 

 For
transactions covered by these rules, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchase of such securities
and have received the purchaser s prior written consent to the transaction. Additionally, for any transaction, other than exempt
transactions, involving a penny stock, the rules require the delivery, prior to the transaction, of a risk disclosure document mandated
by the SEC relating to the penny stock market. The broker-dealer also must disclose the commissions payable to both the broker-dealer
and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and, if the broker-dealer is the sole market-maker, the broker-dealer
must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer s presumed control over the market. Finally, monthly statements must be sent disclosing
recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. Consequently,
the penny stock rules may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to sell our common stock and may affect the ability of
investors to sell their common stock in the secondary market. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

In
consideration of services rendered, on August 31, 2022, we issued warrants to purchase 37,129 shares of common stock to Mr. John P.
O Shea, warrants to purchase 112,137 shares of common stock to Mr. Jonathan Braun and warrants to purchase 734 shares of
common stock to Mr. Marika Tonay. The warrants are exercisable for a period of five years at a price of 1.20 per
share. 

In
connection with the organization of Exworth Union, Exworth Management made a capital contribution of 100 for which it received 1,000
shares of Exworth Union s common stock in March 2022. In June 2022, Exworth Union issued 100 shares of its common stock to World
Class Global Technology PTE LTD. at a price of 3,500 per share. 

On
August 31, 2022, Exworth Management purchased an aggregate of 2,013,000 shares of our common stock in private transactions with then shareholders of the Company, representing 74 of the shares of
common stock then outstanding. On December 22, 2022, we issued 3,600,000 shares of our common stock to Exworth Management and 360,000
shares of our common stock to World Class Global Technology PTE. LTD. pursue to the Merger Agreement whereby we acquired Exworth Union. 

23 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULT OF OERATIONS 

The
following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the condensed financial
statements and the notes to those financial statements that are included elsewhere in this report. Our discussion includes forward-looking
statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties, such as our plans, objectives, expectations and intentions.
Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result
of a number of factors, including those set forth under the Risk Factors, Forward-Looking Statements and Business sections in this report.
We use words such as anticipate, estimate, plan, project, continuing, 
 ongoing, expect, believe, intend, may, will, should, 
 could, and similar expressions to identify forward- looking statements. 

Overview 

Effective
December 22, 2022, we entered into and consummated an Agreement and Plan of Merger Merger Agreement whereby we
acquired all of the outstanding shares of Exworth Union and it became our wholly-owned subsidiary. Immediately prior to consummation
of the Merger Agreement Exworth Management owned 74 of our outstanding shares of common stock and 91 of the outstanding shares of
Exworth Union. Exworth Union is engaged in providing loans collateralized by digital assets. Prior to the Merger, we were a
 shell company with no commercial operations and had generated no revenues other than nominal interest income. The
transaction effected through the Merger Agreement was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization. Exworth Union was determined to
be the accounting acquirer and we, Strategic, were treated as the acquired company for financial reporting purposes 

The discussion below pertains to our financial results for the period commencing March 16, 2022, the date Exworth
Union was formed and ending December 21, 2022. For a discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of
operations prior to the formation of Exworth Union please refer to filings made with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
before consummation of the Merger Agreement. 

Exworth
Union, a Delaware corporation, was formed on March 16, 2022. It provides loans that are collateralized by digital assets including
Bitcoin and will accept other types of alternative collaterals such as eCommerce account receivables, recursive payments of subscriptions,
IP and copyrights, though the only form of collateral that has been accepted to date is Bitcoin. The target customers are individuals
and commercial enterprises that hold digital assets and are seeking liquidity without selling their digital assets, with limited or no
access to obtain credit lines or business loans from conventional financial institutions. We provide term loans, up to two years, to these
individuals and commercial enterprises. 

Results
of Operations 

Revenue 

Interest
income, our major source of income, was 25,203 for the period ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we have 1 loan in
our loan portfolio, a consumer loan secured by Bitcoin. The LTV ratio of our loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022 was 83 . The LTV
ratio has as high as 87 and as low as 56 during the period from inception of the loan to December 31, 2022. On certain days in
November 2022, our LTV ratio rose above 85 but the ratio dropped below 85 on the next trading day. As the LTV recovered within the
agreed upon grace period, no margin call was made. 

Selling,
General and Administrative Expenses 

Selling,
general and administrative expenses for the period ended December 31, 2022 were 161,574, primarily legal and professional expenses related
to the consummation of the Merger Agreement and legal and professional expense related to initialize our loan business. We expect
our legal and professional expenses to increase as we are no longer a shell company. 

Fair
Value Adjustment on Repledged Collateral 

Fair
value adjustment on repledged collateral for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 505,154, which was attributable to the decline in
the price of repledged Bitcoin during the period. Under loan agreements with borrowers, we may, from time to time, repledge certain collateral
with financial partners for capital management purposes. We regularly monitor such repledging transactions as well as the credit standing
of our financial partners in order to maintain sufficient available capital. 

Interest
Expense 

Interest
expense for the period ended December 31, 2022 was 15,911, incurred pursuant to a master loan agreement we entered with
a U.S. based lender. The loan has a term of 24 months with quarterly interest-only payments with principal to be paid at maturity. No
margin call was initiated by our lender during the period from inception of the loan to December 31, 2022. 

24 

Amortization
of Loan Origination Fee 

Our
lender charged a 1 origination fee of the principal amount that we borrowed. The origination fee was deducted from the loan principal
and will be amortized evenly through the loan term. Total amortization of loan origination fee for the period ended December 31, 2022 was
 3,182. 

Net
Income 

Our
net income was 248,672 for the period ended December 31, 2022, which was primarily driven by the decline in the price of the Bitcoin that
we pledged to our lender. Among the more significant factors that may cause our net income to vary from period to period are: 1) the
number of loans; 2) the interest rates that we charge our borrowers; 3) the interest rate that we pay to our lenders; 4) the fair market
value of collateral held by us or pledged to our lenders; and 5) The allowance for loan loss of our loans. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 241,727. The accompanying condensed financial statements have been prepared assuming that we
will continue as a going concern. The condensed financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future
effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that may result should
we be unable to continue as a going concern. To date, we have financed our operations through a private placement of equity raising
approximately 350,000. We also entered into a master loan agreement with a U.S. based lender. The loan is non-recourse and
collateralized by pledging our customers collateral. The balance on the loan as of December 31, 2022 is 1,377,872, net of
unamortized origination fee of 10,704 and collateralized with 100 Bitcoins. 

In
assessing our liquidity, we monitor and analyze our cash-on-hand, operating and capital expenditure commitments. We believe our
current working capital is sufficient to support our operations for the next twelve months. However, if we are unable to raise
additional capital, we may not be able to execute our business plan. We will use our limited personnel and financial resources in
connection with developing our business plan, including developing a proprietary software platform, issuing equity or debt
securities, or obtaining additional credit facilities. The issuance and sale of additional equity would result in dilution to our
existing shareholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased fixed obligations and could result in operating
covenants that would restrict our operations. Our obligation to bear credit risk for certain financing transactions we facilitate
may also strain our operating cash flow. We have no commitments for the purchase of our equity and, should we need to raise capital,
we cannot assure you that financing will be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. 

We
have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(2) of
the JOBS Act, which allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public
and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As a result of this election, our financial statements may not
be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. 

There
are no limitations in our certificate of incorporation on our ability to borrow funds or raise funds through the issuance of capital
stock to fund our working capital requirements. Our limited resources and lack of recent operating history may make it difficult to borrow
funds or raise capital. Such inability to borrow funds or raise funds through the issuance of capital stock required to facilitate our
business plan may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and future prospects, including the ability to fund our business
plan. To the extent that debt financing ultimately proves to be available, any borrowing will subject us to various risks traditionally
associated with indebtedness, including the risks of interest rate fluctuations and insufficiency of cash flow to pay principal and interest,
including debt of an acquired business. 

25 

Cash
Flow 

The
following summarizes key components of our cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Net cash (used in) operating activities 
 (1,493,374 
 
 Net cash (used in) investing activities 
 - 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 1,735,101 
 
 Net increase in cash 
 241,727 
 
 Cash, beginning 
 - 
 
 Cash, ending 
 241,727 

Operating
Activities 

Cash
used in operating activities resulted primarily from operating expenses for the operation of our digital asset-backed loan business
as well as general and administrative expenses. Net cash used in operating activities was 1,493,374 for the year ended December 31,
2022. Cash consumed in operations reflects our net income of 248,672, less non-cash items including a fair value adjustment on
repledged collateral of 505,154, increases in interest receivable of 11,456 and loan receivable of 1,374, 691, offset by
deferred income tax expense of 101,018 and changes in accounts payable and accrued expenses of 45,055. 

Investing
Activities 

There
were no investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Financing
Activities 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was 1,735,101 for the year ended December 31, 2022, consisting of proceeds from the issuance
of a note payable of 1,374,690 and sales of Exworth Union s common stock of 350,100 in private placements in June 2022, and
a recapitalization for reverse merger amounting to 10,311. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

There
are no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition,
changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that
is material to investors. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Our
significant accounting policies are disclosed in Note 2 of our Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We are a small reporting company as defined by Rule
12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENT AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

See
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on page F-1 of this report. 

26 

ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS
 AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

As
of the end of the period covered by this report, we conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our
Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). Based on this evaluation,
the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer concluded for the reasons discussed below that our disclosure controls
and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by a company s
principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by a company s board
of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and includes
those policies and procedures that: 

pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations
 of our management and directors; and 

provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
 could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

27 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management,
including our President and Principal Financial Officer, has conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Management s evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting is based on the framework described in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). 

Based
on its assessment, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December
31, 2022, with the following aspects being noted as the potential material weakness: due to the lack of an oversight committee, insufficient
accounting personnel for appropriate segregation of duties and a lack of personnel with familiarity with U. S. generally accepted accounting
principles. 

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting
firm pursuant to temporary rules of the SEC that permit our Company to provide only management s report in this Annual Report. 

This
report shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the
liabilities of that section, and is not incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date
hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
was no change in our internal control over financial reporting or in other factors identified in connection with the evaluation required
by paragraph (d) of Exchange Act Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERANCE. 

The
following is a list of directors and executive officers of the Company as of December 31, 2022, their ages and positions within our Company. 

DIRECTORS
AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Title 
 
 John
 P. O Shea 
 
 66 
 
 President
 and Director 
 
 Dr.
 Yuanyuan Hang 
 
 43 
 
 Treasurer,
 Secretary and Director 
 
 Dr.
 Wei Huang 
 
 43 
 
 Director 

John
P. O Shea, 66, has been our President and a director since 2004. Mr. O Shea has been Chairman of Global Alliance Securities
LLC since 2010. Since 1997, Mr. O Shea has been an officer and director of Westminster Securities Corp, currently serving as Chairman,
CEO and a Director. Previously, from 2007 to 2017, he was a non-executive director of BlueRock Energy Holdings, Inc. Mr. O Shea
holds a BA and MA in Economics from the University of Cincinnati. Mr. O Shea serves as our Principal
Executive Officer for purposes of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

28 

Dr.
Yuanyuan Huang, 43, became a director of our Company and our has Secretary and Treasurer on August 31, 2022. Mr. Huan has been a
managing partner of Exworth Management LLC, a private investment firm, since January, 2021. He has also served as the Managing
Member of Fundin, LLC, a consulting firm providing information technology consulting services, since 2018. From August 2019 to
September 2022, Dr. Huang served as a director and the CFO/COO of UTXO Acquisition Inc., a special purpose acquisition company, and
from October 2021 to November 2022, he was VP of Business Development at Roxe Group Inc., a fintech company. From October 2018 to
September 2020, Dr. Huang served as a Venture Partner of Efund City LLC, a fintech company, and was a member of the Investment
Committee of Efund City Metro Income Fund LLC, a real estate investment company. From 2008 to 2018, Dr. Huang e worked at several
boutique brokerage firms. Dr. Huang holds a Ph.D. in Physics from the College of William and Mary and a master s degree in
Finance from George Washington University. Mr. Huang serves as our Principal Financial
Officer for purposes of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Dr.
Wei Huang, 43, became a director of our Company on August 31, 2022. Mr. Huan has been a managing partner of Exworth Management LLC, a
private investment firm since January 2021. He has served as the CTO of Cogobuy Group, an e-Commerce company since 2018 and was the
founder of BlockIoT, a cloud tech company. From August 2019 to September 2022, he served as the Chairman and CEO of UTXO Acquisition
Inc., a special purpose acquisition company. In 2017 he founded Board of Dake Data, LTD, a Shenzhen-based company with a proprietary
AI, Blockchain and Cloud computing solution, which he continues to serve as Chairman of the Board. From 2013 to 2018, Dr. Huang worked
at ION Geophysical as a technical advisor for various oil and gas projects. Dr. Huang holds a bachelor s degree from the University
of Science and Technology of China, a master s degree in mathematics from the University of Wisconsin and a PhD degree in Geophysics
from the University of Houston. Dr. Huang has published more than a dozen papers and holds two international patents. 

Directors
are elected to serve until the next annual meeting of shareholders and their successors are duly elected and qualified, or their earlier
death, resignation or removal. Officers are elected to serve until their successors are duly elected and qualified, or their earlier
death, resignation or removal. 

There
are no agreements or understandings between or among any of our executive officers or directors and any other person with respect to
the election of directors or any other matter. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships between any of our directors or executive officers. 

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings 

None
of our directors or executive officers has been convicted in a criminal proceeding, excluding traffic violations or similar misdemeanors,
or has been a party to any judicial or administrative proceeding during the past ten years that resulted in a judgment, decree or final
order enjoining the person from future violations of, or prohibiting activities subject to, federal or state securities laws, or a finding
of any violation of federal or state securities laws, except for matters that were dismissed without sanction or settlement. Except as
set forth in our discussion below in Certain Transactions with Related Persons, none of our directors, director nominees
or executive officers has been involved in any transactions with us or any of our directors. 

29 

Board
Committees 

Since
our common stock is quoted in the OTC Pink Market, we are not required by the rules of any securities exchange to establish an audit
committee with a financial expert, a compensation committee or a nominating and corporate governance committee or committees
performing similar functions. However, our new management plans to form audit, compensation and nominating and corporate governance
committees in the near future. We envision that the audit committee will be primarily responsible for reviewing the services
performed by our independent auditors and evaluating our accounting policies and system of internal controls; that the compensation
committee will be primarily responsible for reviewing and approving our salary and benefits policies (including stock options) and
other compensation of our executive officers; that the nominating committee would be primarily responsible for nominating directors and
setting policies and procedures for the nomination of directors. The nominating committee would also be responsible for overseeing
the creation and implementation of our corporate governance policies and procedures. Until these committees are established, these
decisions will continue to be made by our Board of Directors. Although our Board of Directors has not established any minimum
qualifications for director candidates, when considering potential director candidates, our Board of Directors considers the
candidate s character, judgment, skills and experience in the context of the needs of our Company and our Board of Directors.
We also plan to appoint an individual qualified as an audit committee financial expert. 

We
do not have a charter governing the nominating process. The members of our Board of Directors, who perform the functions of a nominating
committee, are not independent because they are also our officers. There has not been any defined policy or procedure requirements for
stockholders to submit recommendations or nominations for directors. Our Board of Directors does not believe that a defined policy with
regard to the consideration of candidates recommended by stockholders is necessary at this time because, given the early stages of our
development, a specific nominating policy would be premature and of little assistance until our business operations are at a more advanced
level. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Each
of the Company s officers, directors and beneficial owners of more than 10 of its common stock is in compliance with Section 16(a)
of the Exchange Act. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a code of ethics which applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting
officer or persons performing similar functions. A copy of this code of ethics was previously
included as an exhibit to our annual report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005. We will also provide
a copy of our code of ethics, without charge, to any person who requests it by contacting us via mail, telephone or facsimile
transmission. 

Insider
Trading Policy 

Effective
January 26, 2023, we adopted a new insider trading policy that applies to all our officers, directors, employees and others who have,
or may have, access to material non-public information. The insider trading policy codifies the legal and ethical principles that govern
trading in our securities by persons associated with the Company that may possess material nonpublic information relating to Strategic
Acquisitions, Inc. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

During
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not pay any cash salary or bonus to any of our officers or director fees to our directors.
Each of our officers and directors may from time to time be reimbursed for out-of-pocket expenses incurred on our behalf. We have no
stock option, retirement, pension, or profit-sharing programs for the benefit of directors, officers or other employees, but the Board
of Directors may recommend adoption of one or more such programs in the future. 

30 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

The
Company has no compensation committee. Its officers, John O Shea and Yuanyuan Huang, and director Wei Huang, participate in deliberations
of the board of directors concerning executive officer compensation. 

The
compensation information in the below table reflects amounts paid during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Because Exworth
Union was formed in March 2022, there was no activity to report for the year ended December 31, 2021, with respect to its officers and
directors. The table reflects amounts paid to our officers and directors, and Marika Tonay, who served as our Secretary/Treasurer
until his resignation on August 31. 2022, and Johnathan Braun, who was a director prior to his resignation on August 31, 2022. 

Summary
Compensation Table 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) 
 Bonus ) 
 Stock awards ) 
 Option awards (1) ) 
 Non-equity Incentive Plan Information ) 
 Nonqualified deferred compensation earnings ) 
 All other compensation ) 
 Total ) 

John O Shea 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 14,456 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 President 
 2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Marika Tonay, Former Secretary and Treasurer 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 286 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Jonathan Braun 

Former Chairman 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 43,658 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Yuanyuan Huang Secretary, Treasurer and Director 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Wei Huang Director 
 2022 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

2021 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

(1) The
Company issued an aggregate of 150,000 warrants to purchase shares of common stock to John P. O Shea, Marika Tonay and
Jonathan Braun in consideration for their services. The 37,129 warrants issued to John P. O Shea, the 734 warrants issued to
Marika Tonay, and the 112,137 warrants issued to Jonathan Braun had a fair value as of the date of grant of 14,456, 286 and
 43,658, respectively. The warrants vested immediately and are exercisable for a period of 5 years from issuance at an
initial purchase price of 1.20 per share, subject to adjustment and registration rights. 

31 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth information concerning beneficial ownership of our common stock as of February 16, 2023 by (i) any person
or group with more than 5 of our common stock, (ii) each director, (iii) our chief executive officer and each other executive officer
whose cash compensation for the most recent fiscal year exceeded 100,000 and (iv) all such executive officers and directors as a group.
As of February 16, 2023, we had outstanding 6,675,000 shares of our Common Stock and warrants to purchase 150,000 shares of our common
stock. 

Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting and investment power with respect to the
securities. Subject to applicable community property laws, the persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with
respect to all shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned by them. In addition, shares of common stock issuable upon
exercise of options, warrants and other convertible securities anticipated to be exercisable or convertible at or within sixty days
of February 16, 2023, are deemed outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of the person holding those
securities, and the group as a whole, but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage ownership of any other
person. 

Name
 of Shareholder 
 Amount
 and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 

Percent
 of Common Stock 
 
 Exworth
 Management LLC 
 5,613,000 

84.1 
 
 World
 Class Global Technology LLC 
 360,000 

5.4 
 
 Directors
 and Executive Officers: John P. O Shea 
 170,365 (1) 
 
 2.5 
 
 Dr.
 Yuanyuan Hang 
 (2) 

Dr.
 Wei Huang 

All
 directors and executive officers as a group 
 170,365 (1) 
 (2 
 2.5 

(1) 
 Includes
 18,565 shares of common stock that may be acquired upon exercise of warrants at a price of 1.20 per share. 

(2) 
 Dr.
 Yuanyuan Huang and Dr. Yuanyuan Huang each serves as a Manager of Exworth Management and disclaims any ownership of the 5,613,000
 shares of our Company held by Exworth Management. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIP AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Transactions
with Related Persons 

On
December 22, 2022, in connection with the consummation of the Merger Agreement we issued 3,600,000 to Exworth Management, an entity managed
by the Company s Directors Yuanyuan Huang and Wei Huang. 

On
August 31, 2022, in several private transactions, Exworth Management purchased an aggregate of 2,013,000 shares of our common stock from the
former owners of such shares for an aggregate of 650,005. Upon formation of Exworth Union, for consideration of 100, Exworth Management
purchased 1,000 shares of the common stock of Exworth Union, which were subsequently converted into 3,600,000 shares of our common stock
pursuant to the Merger Agreement, and for consideration of 350,000, World Class Global Technology PTE. LTD. purchased 1,000 shares of
the common stock of Exworth Union, which were subsequently converted into 360,000 shares of our common stock pursuant to the Merger Agreement. 

Effective
December 1, 2022, Exworth Union and Exworth Management entered into an Exclusive Platform License and Services Agreement confirming their
previous oral agreement with respect to Exworth Union s right to use and further develop the technology platform developed by Exworth
Management. Pursuant to the Agreement. Exworth Union, as licensee, shall pay an annual licensing fee of 10,000. In addition,
we shall pay to Exworth Management all third-party and out-of-scope service fees incurred by it with our prior approval in connection
with its provision of the Platform pursuant to the license agreement, including fees for third party materials, electricity, location
services, and fees charged by hosting vendors. 

32 

Promoters
and Certain Control Persons 

Exworth
Management acquired control of our Company on August 31, 2022 as a result of its acquisition of shares of our common stock in the private
transactions described above. Yuanyuan Huang and Wei Huang, two executive managers of Exworth Management, became directors of our Company
on such date. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 

(1)
Audit Fees 

The
following table presents the fees for professional audit services by Berkower LLC for the audit of our annual financial statements and
review of our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, and for the review of our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Year
 Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 6,000 
 11,000 

On
December 22, 2022, we engaged Michael Studer CPA as our new independent registered auditor to audit our annual financial statements and
review our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, for which he will be paid 20,000. Mr. Studer had previously
been paid 30,000 to audit the financial statements of Exworth Union for the period from the inception of Exworth Union to
September 30, 2022. 

(2)
Audit-Related Fees 

There
have been no fees billed in either of the last two fiscal years for assurance and related services by the principal accountant. 

(3)
Tax Fees 

There
have been no fees billed in either of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for tax
compliance, tax advice, or tax planning. 

(4)
All Other Fees 

There
have been no fees billed in either of the last two fiscal years for products and services provided by the principal accountant, other
than the services reported above. 

(5)
Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 

Before
the principal accountant is engaged by the Company to render audit or non-audit services, the engagement is approved by the Company s
Board of Directors acting as the audit committee. 

33 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 The
 following documents are filed as part of this report: 

(1) 
 Financial
 Statements See Part II, Item 8 

(2) 
 Financial
 Statement Schedules None 

(3)
Exhibits. The following exhibits are filed with this report or incorporated by reference: 

EXHIBIT
LIST 

Exhibit 

Number 
 
 Description 

2.1 
 
 Agreement
 and Plan of Merger (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K filed December 23, 2022) 

3.1 
 
 Certificate
 of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 10-SB filed January 18, 2002) 

3.3 
 
 By-Laws
 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Form 10-SB filed January 18, 2000) 

4.1 
 
 Form
 of Warrant Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K filed December 23, 2022) 

10.1 
 
 Master
 Loan Agreement dated May 28, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed December 23, 2022) 

10.2 
 
 Master
 Pledge Agreement dated May 28, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed December 23, 2022) 

10.3 
 
 Addendum
 to Master Loan Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K filed December 23, 2022) 

14.1 

Code
 of Ethic (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to Form 10-KSB filed April 13, 2006) 

14.2 

Insider
 Trading Policy 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries
 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to Form 8-K filed December 23, 2022) 

31.1 
 
 Certificate of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act 

31.2 
 
 Certificate of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act 

32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Filed herewith. 

34 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized. 

STRATEGIC
 ACQUISITIONS, INC. 

(Registrant) 

Date:
 March 7th, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 YUANYUANHUANG 

YUANYUAN HUANG 

Treasurer and Secretary
 and 
 Principal
 Financial Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on
behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 JOHN P. O SHEA 
 
 President,
 Director 
 
 March 7, 2023 
 
 John
 P. O Shea 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 YUANYUAN HUANG 
 
 Secretary,
 Treasurer, Director 
 
 March 7, 2023 
 
 Yuanyuan
 Huang 
 
 (Principal
Financial Officer) 

/s/
 WEI HUANG 
 
 Director 
 
 March 7, 2023 
 
 Wei
 Huang 

35 

Index
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Page 

Report of independent registered public accounting firm (PCAOB ID: 
 F-2 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheet at December 31, 2022 
 F-3 

Consolidated
 Statement of Operations for the Period from March 16, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022 
 F-4 

Consolidated
 Statement of Shareholders Equity for the Period from March 16, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022 
 F-5 

Consolidated
 Statement of Cash Flows for the Period from March 16, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022 
 F-6 

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Strategic Acquisitions, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Strategic Acquisitions, Inc. (the Company as of December 31,
2022 and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders equity, and cash flows for the period from March 16,
2022 (inception) to December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In
our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Strategic Acquisitions,
Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and the results of their operations and cash flows for the period from March 16, 2022 (inception) to December
31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matters 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that (1) related to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there were no critical audit matters. 

/s/

Michael
 T. Studer CPA P.C. (PCAOB ID 

March
7 2023 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

F- 2 

STRATEGIC
ACQUISITIONS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEET 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 

December 31, 

2022 
 
 Assets 

Cash 

Collateral receivable due from lender 

Loan receivable 

Accrued interest receivable 

Total assets 

Liabilities and shareholders equity 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Due to related party (noninterest bearing, due on demand) 

Note payable, net of unamortized origination fee of 

Digital asset collateral due to customer 

Deferred income tax liability 

Total liabilities 

Shareholders Equity 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Total shareholders equity 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F- 3 

STRATEGIC
ACQUISITIONS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS 

 FOR
THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 16, 2022 (INCEPTION) TO DECEMBER 31, 2022 

From March 16, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022 

Revenues 

Interest income 

Total revenues 

Operating expenses 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income, net 

Fair value adjustment on repledged collateral 

Interest expense 

Amortization of loan origination fee 

Total other income, net 

Income before income taxes 

Income taxes 

Net income 

Net income per share - basic and diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

STRATEGIC
ACQUISITIONS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

 FOR
THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 16, 2022 (INCEPTION) TO DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Earnings 
 Equity 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Retained 
 Total Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Earnings 
 Equity 
 
 Balance at March 16, 2022 (inception) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Beginning balance, value 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Sale of Common Stock 

- 

Net assets of strategic Acquisitions, Inc. (accounting acquiree in connection with reverse acquisition by Exworth Union Inc) at December 22, 2022 

- 

Net income 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

Ending balance. value 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

STRATEGIC
ACQUISITIONS, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

 FOR
THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 16, 2022 (INCEPTION) TO DECEMBER 31, 2022 

From March 16, 2022 (Inception) to December 31, 2022 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Fair value adjustment on repledged collateral 

Deferred income tax expense 

Amortization of loan origination fees 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Interest receivable 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Cash received in connection with reverse acquisition of Strategic Acquisition, Inc. 

Loan receivable 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Net proceeds from note payable 

Proceeds from sale of common stock 

Proceeds from loan from related party 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash, beginning of period 
 - 
 
 Cash, end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the period for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 
 - 
 
 Non-cash investing and financing activities 

Non-cash collateral receivable due from lender and repledged collateral due to customer 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

STRATEGIC
ACQUISITIONS, INC. 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 FOR
THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 16, 2022 (INCEPTION) TO DECEMBER 31, 2022 

shares of STQN common
stock (representing of STQN s issued and outstanding common stock after the Transaction) to the two shareholders of Union
in exchange for shares of Union s common stock, representing of Union s issued and outstanding common stock. As
a result of the Transaction, STQN now owns all of the issued and outstanding common stock of Union, the surviving company of the merger
between STQN Sub and Union. Prior to the Transaction, Exworth Management LLC Exworth Management owned of the outstanding
common stock of Union and approximately of the outstanding common stock of STQN. 

The
Transaction was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States GAAP ). Under this method of accounting, STQN was treated as the acquired company for
financial reporting purposes and Union was determined to be the accounting acquirer based on the terms of the Transaction and other factors
including: (i) Union s stockholders having a majority of the voting power of the combined company and (ii) the operations of Union
comprising all of the ongoing operations of the combined entity. Operations prior to the Transaction are those of Union. 

Subsequent
to the Transaction, the Company conducts its operations through Union, a Delaware corporation, which was formed on March 16, 2022. Union provides loans that are collateralized by digital assets such as Bitcoin and will accept as collateral other types of alternative
assets such as eCommerce accounts receivable, recursive payments of software as service (SAAS) subscriptions, IP and copyrights. 

STQN
and Union are collectively referred to as the Company . 

Nature
of Operations 

Loans
made by the Company are collateralized with digital assets of such kind and in such amounts as the Company determines from time to time
to be acceptable. As of December 31, 2022, the only digital asset the Company accepted as collateral was Bitcoin. The Company s
target markets are individuals and commercial enterprises that hold digital assets and are seeking liquidity without selling their digital
assets, with limited or no options to obtain a credit line or business loans from conventional financial institutions. The Company provides
term loans, up to two years, to these individuals and commercial enterprises. 

The
Company originates U.S. dollar denominated loans and offers loans to both individual and business borrowers who own digital assets and
desire to borrow against such digital assets rather than selling them. Borrowers that receive loans from the Company are required to
transfer a specified value of digital assets to the Company to be held as collateral and security for the repayment of the loans. Upon
maturity and repayment of a borrower s loan, the digital asset collateral is returned to the borrower. 

Also,
under the loan agreements with borrowers, the Company has the right to repledge collateral to secure transactions, including loans that
the Company maintains with third parties for capital management purposes and market neutral trading strategies to generate investment
returns. See Note 6 Notes Payable for a description of these loan arrangements. 

per Federally insured institution. As of December
31, 2022, the Company had uninsured balances on deposit at banks. 

ASC
740-10, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes, defines uncertainty in income taxes and the evaluation of a tax position as a two-step
process. The first step is to determine whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination, including
the resolution of any related appeals or litigation based on the technical merits of that tax position. The second step is to measure
a tax position that meets the more likely than not threshold to determine the amount of benefit to be recognized in the financial statements.
A tax position is measured at the largest amount of benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate
settlement. Tax positions that previously failed to meet the more likely than not recognition threshold should be recognized in the first
subsequent period in which the threshold is met. The Company will continue to monitor its tax positions in the applicable jurisdictions
and adjust this liability accordingly. The Company has
evaluated whether or not there are uncertain tax positions that require financial statement recognition and has determined that no uncertain
tax positions related to federal and state income taxes existed as of December 31, 2022. 

Level
2 Valuations based on quoted prices, other than those in Level 1, for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not
active or for similar assets and liabilities for which significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly. 

Level
3 Valuations based on inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement. 

The
Company s financial instruments include cash and cash equivalents, accounts payable and accrued expenses, due to related
party, note payable, and digital asset collateral due to customer. The fair values of cash and cash equivalents, accounts payable
and accrued expenses, due to related party, and note payable approximate their stated amounts because of the short maturity of
these financial instruments. 

The
availability of valuation techniques and observable inputs can vary by investment. To the extent that valuations are based on sources
that are less observable or unobservable in the market, the determination of fair value requires more judgment. Fair value estimates
do not necessarily represent the amounts that may be ultimately realized by the Company. 

- 

The
Company determined the fair value per Bitcoin to be 
on December 31, 2022, using the price provided at 8:00 p.m., New York Time by the Digital Asset Exchange Market considered to be the
Company s principal market (Fed Reserve Coinbase Bitcoin). 

. The receivable bears interest at 
per annum, is due in July 2024, and is secured by 100 Bitcoins. 

At
the time of origination, loans are secured and over-collateralized with digital assets the Company determines from time to time to be
acceptable collateral. As of December 31, 2022, the only digital asset the Company accepted as collateral was Bitcoin. Borrowers make
principal payments at maturity and make interest payments quarterly. The interest rate is set by the Company and is impacted by loan terms and amounts. Once
a loan application is approved, a loan is created when a borrower sends collateral to the Company s collateral wallet (the The
Company s Custody Wallet and funds are disbursed to the borrower s bank account. During the term of the loan, the
Company may repledge a borrower s collateral and move it out of the Company s Custody Wallet. Total borrower collateral repledged
of is presented at fair value on the Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2022. During the term of the loan, borrowers are required
to maintain a certain level of loan to value LTV ratio, which is the loan amount divided by real time fair value of the
collateral. If at any time the LTV reaches the LTV margin call level, borrowers are required to deposit additional collateral with the
Company so that the LTV drops to the required level. According to its loan agreements, the Company has the ability to sell or liquidate
a borrower s collateral assets to repay its loan principal if a margin call is not cured as required under the contractual terms.
If the threshold for collateral liquidation is surpassed, the Company may liquidate a
 portion or all of the collateral assets. The liquidation handling fee is generally of the
principal amount of the loan. Since inception , the Company has not received any liquidation fees. 

The
Company does not recognize its digital asset-backed loans extended as sale transactions as defined by FASB ASC 860. Upon the maturity
of a digital asset-backed loan, the Company expects to receive back the borrowed amount it originally extended as a loan plus borrower
fees and any unpaid interest and to return the borrower s collateral. The Company values its collateralized outstanding loans at
par, shown at principal values. Interest receivable on loans in the amount of is presented on the Balance Sheet as of December
31, 2022. Loans are secured by digital assets which are the collateral for loans. The Company originates loans at various LTVs to over-collateralize
each loan. Otherwise, the Company may at its sole and absolute discretion sell,
transfer, liquidate or otherwise dispose of all or a part of the collateral and apply the net proceeds to the discharge of the borrower s
obligations. A summary of loans receivable by expected future cash flows is presented below: 

Total 

The
LTV ratio on the one loan receivable at December 31, 2022 was . 

On
December 31, 2022, the fair value of the collateral received to secure the loan receivable balance was . As of December 31,
2022, all of the collateral balance was repledged, resulting in a corresponding liability of , which is included as Digital
asset collateral due to customer on the Balance Sheet. There is a risk that financings made with borrower collateral could be
worth less than the underlying borrower collateral, in which case the Company would have to purchase additional digital assets to repay
the borrowers collateral. 

Allowance
for Loan Losses 

An
allowance for loan losses is established with respect to loans held for investment through periodic charges to the provision for loan
losses. Loan losses are charged against the allowance for loan losses when management believes that the future collection of the principal
of a loan is unlikely. To date, the Company does not have any experience with losses on the portfolio and therefore has not
 recorded an allowance for loan losses in the period presented. 

Management
classifies loans into risk categories based on their original LTV and monitors the current LTV on a recurring basis. The allowance is
subjective as it requires material estimates, including such factors as historical trends. Other qualitative factors considered may include
items such as uncertainties in the digital asset market, changes in the composition of the Company s lending portfolio, business
conditions and emerging trends. Recovery of the carrying value of loans is dependent to a great extent on conditions that may be beyond
the Company s control. Although the Company has not experienced any losses on the portfolio to date, any combination of the previously
described factors may affect its loan portfolio resulting in potential loan losses and could require an allowance for loan loss, which
could impact future periods. 

As
of December 31, 2022, management has not liquidated any collateral and the Company has not incurred any losses on the outstanding portfolio.
The Company also over collateralizes its loans with digital assets, which allow the Company to liquidate the pledged collateral for an
amount at least equal to the principal owed. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had one loan receivable and this loan had an LTV.
As a result, the Company recorded allowance for loan losses as of December 31, 2022. 

was recorded. As of December 31, 2022, the balance of the digital asset collateral receivable
was and the balance of the digital asset collateral due to customer (at fair value) was . 

months and bears an interest rate of .
The loan is non-recourse and collateralized using repledged customer collateral. The net balance on the loan as of December 31,
2022, is 
net of an unamortized origination fee of with 100 Bitcoins as collateral. The balance of collateral included in collateral receivable due from lender on the Balance Sheet is
 
at December 31, 2022. 

- 

Total 

shares of its common stock to Exworth Management LLC, managing entity of Union, at a price of 
per share or 
total. 

On
June 8, 2022, Union issued 
shares of its common stock to World Class Global Technology PTE LTD. World Class at an amended price of 
per share or . 

Effective August 31, 2022, STQN issued a total of warrants to its three directors (prior to the August 31,
2022 change in control) for past services rendered to STQN. The warrants are exercisable into shares of STQN common stock at a price of
 per share and expire August 31, 2027. 

On
December 22, 2022, STQN completed a reverse acquisition transaction with the two shareholders of Union.
(See note 1) Exworth Management received shares of STQN common stock in exchange for the shares of Union common
stock it owned and World Class received shares of STQN common stock in exchange for the shares of Union common stock it owned. 

Total provision for income taxes 

Increase (decrease) in tax expense resulting from: 

State tax expense, net of Federal benefit 

Effective rate 

Deferred
income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial
reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of the Company s deferred income tax assets
and (liabilities) are as follows: 

Less: Valuation allowance 
 - 
 
 Total deferred income tax assets 

Deferred income tax liabilities 

Unrealized gain on repledged collateral fair value adjustment 

Total deferred income tax liabilities 

Net deferred income tax liability 

In
assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some or all of
the deferred tax assets will be realized. The ultimate realization of certain deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of
future taxable income during the period in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal
of domestic deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and taxing strategies in making this assessment. No valuation allowance
has been made by Management for the deferred tax asset identified. 

For United States
income tax purposes, STQN has a at December 31, 2022 (approximately 212,000
of which expires in varying amounts from 2023 to 2037) . Current United Stated income tax law limits the amount of loss available to offset
against future taxable income when a substantial change in ownership occurs. Income tax returns for tax years 2019, 2020, and 2021 remain
subject to examination by the internal Revenue Service. 

Union has a United States net operating loss carry forward of approximately at December 31, 2022. 

of the Company s total loan receivable balance at December 31, 2022 and of the Company s total
interest income for the period March 16, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022. 

One
lender represented of the Company s note payable balance at December 31, 2022 and of the Company s total interest
expense for the period March 16, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2022. 

F- 14 

<EX-14.2>
 2
 ex14-2.htm

Exhibit
14.2 

Insider
Trading Compliance Manual 

STRATEGIC
ACQUISITIONS, INC. 

 And
its subsidiary EXWORTH UNION INC 

 Adopted: JAN 26, 2023 

In
order to take an active role in the prevention of insider trading violations by its officers, directors, employees, consultants, attorneys,
advisors and other related individuals, the Board of Directors (the Board of Strategic Acquisitions, Inc., a Nevada
corporation (the Company ), has adopted the policies and procedures described in this Insider Trading Compliance
Manual. 

I.
 Adoption of Insider Trading Policy . 

Effective
as of the date first written above, the Board has adopted the Insider Trading Policy attached hereto as Exhibit A (as the same
may be amended from time to time by the Board, the Policy ), which prohibits trading based on material, nonpublic
information regarding the Company or any company whose securities are listed for trading or quotation in the United States Material
Non-Public Information ). 

This
Policy covers all officers and directors of the Company and its subsidiaries, all other employees of the Company and its subsidiaries,
and consultants or contractors to the Company or its subsidiaries who have or may have access to Material Non-Public Information and
members of the immediate family or household of any such person. This Policy (and/or a summary thereof) is to be delivered to all employees,
consultants and related individuals who are within the categories of covered persons upon the commencement of their relationships with
the Company. 

II.
 Designation of Certain Persons . 

A.
 Section 16 Individuals . All directors and executive officers of the Company will be subject to the reporting and liability
provisions of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder Section 16 Individuals ). 

B.
 Other Persons Subject to Policy . In addition, certain employees, consultants, and advisors of the Company as described in
Section I above have, or are likely to have, from time to time access to Material Non-Public Information and together with the Section
16 Individuals, are subject to the Policy, including the pre-clearance requirement described in Section IV. A. below. 

C.
 Post-Termination Transactions . This Policy continues to apply to transactions in Company securities even after an employee,
officer or director has resigned or terminated employment. If the person who resigns or separates from the Company is in possession of
Material Non-Public Information at that time, he or she may not trade in Company securities until that information has become public
or is no longer material. 

1 

III.
 Appointment of Insider Trading Compliance Officer . 

By
the adoption of this Policy, the Board has appointed Yuanyuan Huang as the Insider Trading Compliance Officer (the Compliance
Officer ). 

IV.
 Duties of Compliance Officer . 

The
Compliance Officer has been designated by the Board to handle any and all matters relating to the Company s Insider Trading Compliance
Program. Certain of those duties may require the advice of outside counsel with special expertise in securities issues and relevant law.
The duties of the Compliance Officer shall include the following: 

A.
Pre-clearing all transactions involving the Company s securities by the Section 16 Individuals and those individuals having regular
access to Material Non-Public Information in order to determine compliance with the Policy, insider trading laws, Section 16 of the Exchange
Act and Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Rule 144 ). Attached hereto as Exhibit
B is a Pre-Clearance Checklist to assist the Compliance Officer s performance of this duty. 

B.
Assisting in the preparation and filing of Section 16 reports (Forms 3, 4 and 5) for all Section 16 Individuals, bearing in mind, however,
that the preparation of such reports is undertaken by the Company as a courtesy only and that the Section 16 Individuals alone (and not
the Company, its employees or advisors) shall be solely responsible for the content and filing of such reports and for any violations
of Section 16 under the Exchange Act and related rules and regulations. 

C.
Serving as the designated recipient at the Company of copies of reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC by Section 16 Individuals under Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 

D.
Performing periodic reviews of available materials, which may include Forms 3, 4 and 5, Form 144, officers and director s questionnaires,
and reports received from the Company s stock administrator and transfer agent, to determine trading activity by officers, directors
and others who have, or may have, access to Material Non-Public Information. 

E.
Circulating the Policy (and/or a summary thereof) to all covered employees, including Section 16 Individuals, on an annual basis, and
providing the Policy and other appropriate materials to new officers, directors and others who have, or may have, access to Material
Non-Public Information. 

F.
Assisting the Board in implementation of the Policy and all related Company policies. 

G.
Coordinating with Company internal or external legal counsel regarding all securities compliance matters. 

H.
Retaining copies of all appropriate securities reports, and maintaining records of his or her activities as Compliance Officer. 

[Acknowledgement
Appears on the Next Page] 

2 

ACKNOWLEDGMENT 

I
hereby acknowledge that I have received a copy of Strategic Acquisitions, Inc. s Insider Trading Compliance Manual (the
 Insider Trading Manual ). Further, I certify that I have reviewed the Insider Trading Manual, understand the policies
and procedures contained therein and agree to be bound by and adhere to these policies and procedures. 

Dated: 

Signature 

Name: 

3 

Exhibit
A 

Strategic
Acquisitions, Inc. 

 And
its subsidiary Exworth Union Inc 

Insider
Trading Policy 

 and
Guidelines with Respect to Certain Transactions in Company Securities 

APPLICABILITY
OF POLICY 

This
Policy applies to all transactions in the Company s securities, including common stock, options and warrants to purchase common
stock and any other securities the Company may issue from time to time, such as preferred stock, warrants and convertible notes, as well
as to derivative securities relating to the Company s stock, whether or not issued by the Company, such as exchange-traded options.
It applies to all officers and directors of the Company, all other employees of the Company and its subsidiaries, and consultants or
contractors to the Company or its subsidiaries who have or may have access to Material Nonpublic Information (as defined below) regarding
the Company and members of the immediate family or household of any such person. This group of people is sometimes referred to in this
Policy as Insiders . This Policy also applies to any person who receives Material Nonpublic Information from any
Insider. 

Any
person who possesses Material Nonpublic Information regarding the Company is an Insider for so long as such information is not publicly
known. 

DEFINITION
OF MATERIAL NONPUBLIC INFORMATION 

It
is not possible to define all categories of material information. However, the U.S. Supreme Court and other federal courts have ruled
that information should be regarded as material if there is a substantial likelihood
 that a reasonable investor : 

(1) would
 consider the information important in making an investment decision; and 

(2) would
 view the information as having significantly altered the total mix of available
 information about the Company . 

Nonpublic 
information is information that has not been previously disclosed to the general public and is otherwise not available to the general
public. 

A- 1 

While
it may be difficult to determine whether particular information is material, there are various categories of information that are particularly
sensitive and, as a general rule, should always be considered material. In addition, material information may be positive or negative.
Examples of such information may include: 

Financial
 results 

Information
 relating to the Company s stock exchange listing or SEC regulatory issues 

Information
 regarding regulatory review of Company products 

Intellectual
 property and other proprietary/scientific information 

Projections
 of future earnings or losses 

Major
 contract awards, cancellations or write-offs 

Joint
 ventures/commercial partnerships with third parties 

Research
 milestones and related payments or royalties 

News
 of a pending or proposed merger or acquisition 

News
 of the disposition of material assets 

Impending
 bankruptcy or financial liquidity problems 

Gain
 or loss of a substantial customer or supplier 

New
 product announcements of a significant nature 

Significant
 pricing changes 

Stock
 splits 

New
 equity or debt offerings 

Significant
 litigation exposure due to actual or threatened litigation 

Changes
 in senior management or the Board of Directors of the Company 

Capital
 investment plans 

Changes
 in dividend policy 

CERTAIN
EXCEPTIONS 

For
purposes of this Policy: 

1.
 Stock Options Exercises . For purposes of this Policy, the Company considers that the exercise of stock options under the Company s
stock option plans (but not the sale of the underlying stock) to be exempt from this Policy. This Policy does apply, however,
to any sale of stock as part of a broker-assisted cashless exercise of an option, or any market sale for the purpose of
generating the cash needed to pay the exercise price of an option. 

2.
 401(k) Plan . This Policy does not apply to purchases of Company stock in the Company s 401(k) plan resulting from periodic
contributions of money to the plan pursuant to payroll deduction elections. This Policy does apply, however, to certain elections that
may be made under the 401(k) plan, including (a) an election to increase or decrease the percentage of periodic contributions that will
be allocated to the Company stock fund, if any, (b) an election to make an intra-plan transfer of an existing account balance into or
out of the Company stock fund, (c) an election to borrow money against a 401(k) plan account if the loan will result in a liquidation
of some or all of a participant s Company stock fund balance and (d) an election to pre-pay a plan loan if the pre-payment will
result in allocation of loan proceeds to the Company stock fund. 

3.
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan . This Policy does not apply to purchases of Company stock in the Company s employee stock
purchase plan, if any, resulting from periodic contributions of money to the plan pursuant to the elections made at the time of enrollment
in the plan. This Policy also does not apply to purchases of Company stock resulting from lump sum contributions to the plan, provided
that the participant elected to participate by lump-sum payment at the beginning of the applicable enrollment period. This Policy does
apply to a participant s election to participate in or increase his or her participation in the plan, and to a participant s
sales of Company stock purchased pursuant to the plan. 

A- 2 

4.
 Dividend Reinvestment Plan . This Policy does not apply to purchases of Company stock under the Company s dividend reinvestment
plan, if any, resulting from reinvestment of dividends paid on Company securities. This Policy does apply, however, to voluntary purchases
of Company stock that result from additional contributions a participant chooses to make to the plan, and to a participant s election
to participate in the plan or increase his level of participation in the plan. This Policy also applies to his or her sale of any Company
stock purchased pursuant to the plan. 

5.
 General Exceptions . Any exceptions to this Policy other than as set forth above may only be made by advance written approval
of each of: (i) the Company s President or Chief Executive Officers, (ii) the Company s Insider Trading Compliance Officer
and (iii) the Chairman of the Governance and Nominating Committee of the Board. Any such exceptions shall be immediately reported to
the remaining members of the Board. 

STATEMENT
OF POLICY 

General
Policy 

It
is the policy of the Company to prohibit the unauthorized disclosure of any nonpublic information acquired in the workplace and the misuse
of Material Nonpublic Information in securities trading related to the Company or any other company. 

Specific
Policies 

1.
 Trading on Material Nonpublic Information . With certain exceptions, no Insider shall engage in any transaction involving a
purchase or sale of the Company s or any other company s securities, including any offer to purchase or offer to sell, during
any period commencing with the date that he or she possesses Material Nonpublic Information concerning the Company, and ending at the
close of business on the second Trading Day following the date of public disclosure of that information, or at such time as such nonpublic
information is no longer material. However, see Section 2 under Permitted Trading Period below for a full discussion
of trading pursuant to a pre-established plan or by delegation. 

As
used herein, the term Trading Day shall mean a day on which national stock exchanges are open for trading. 

2.
 Tipping . No Insider shall disclose tip Material Nonpublic Information to any other person (including
family members) where such information may be used by such person to his or her profit by trading in the securities of companies to which
such information relates, nor shall such Insider or related person make recommendations or express opinions on the basis of Material
Nonpublic Information as to trading in the Company s securities. 

A- 3 

Regulation
FD (Fair Disclosure) is an issuer disclosure rule implemented by the SEC that addresses selective disclosure of Material Nonpublic Information.
The regulation provides that when the Company, or person acting on its behalf, discloses material nonpublic information to certain enumerated
persons (in general, securities market professionals and holders of the Company s securities who may well trade on the basis of
the information), it must make public disclosure of that information. The timing of the required public disclosure depends on whether
the selective disclosure was intentional or unintentional; for an intentional selective disclosure, the Company must make public disclosures
simultaneously; for a non-intentional disclosure the Company must make public disclosure promptly. Under the regulation, the required
public disclosure may be made by filing or furnishing a Form 8-K, or by another method or combination of methods that is reasonably designed
to effect broad, non-exclusionary distribution of the information to the public. 

It
is the policy of the Company that all public communications of the Company (including, without limitation, communications with the press,
other public statements, statements made via the Internet or social media outlets, or communications with any regulatory authority) be
handled only through the Company s President and/or Chief Executive Officer (the CEO ), an authorized
designee of the CEO or the Company s public or investor relations firm. Please refer all press, analyst or similar requests for
information to the CEO and do not respond to any inquiries without prior authorization from the CEO. If the CEO is unavailable, the Company s
Chief Financial Officer (or the authorized designee of such officer) will fill this role. 

3.
 Confidentiality of Nonpublic Information . Nonpublic information relating to the Company is the property of the Company and
the unauthorized disclosure of such information (including, without limitation, via email or by posting on Internet message boards, blogs
or social media) is strictly forbidden. 

4.
 Duty to Report Inappropriate and Irregular Conduct . All employees, and particularly managers and/or supervisors, have a responsibility
for maintaining financial integrity within the company, consistent with generally accepted accounting principles and both federal and
state securities laws. Any employee who becomes aware of any incidents involving financial or accounting manipulation or irregularities,
whether by witnessing the incident or being told of it, must report it to their immediate supervisor and to any member of the Company s
Audit Committee. In certain instances, employees are allowed to participate in federal or state proceedings. For a more complete understanding
of this issue, employees should consult their employee manual and/or seek the advice from their direct report or the Company s
principal executive officers (who may, in turn, seek input from the Company s outside legal counsel). 

POTENTIAL
CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LIABILITY 

 AND/OR
DISCIPLINARY ACTION 

1.
 Liability for Insider Trading . Insiders may be subject to penalties of up to 5,000,000 for individuals (and 25,000,000 for
a business entity) and up to twenty (20) years in prison for engaging in transactions in the Company s securities at a time when
they possess Material Nonpublic Information regarding the Company. In addition, the SEC has the authority to seek a civil monetary penalty
of up to three times the amount of profit gained or loss avoided by illegal insider trading. Profit gained or loss
avoided generally means the difference between the purchase or sale price of the Company s stock and its value as measured
by the trading price of the stock a reasonable period after public dissemination of the nonpublic information. 

A- 4 

2.
 Liability for Tipping . Insiders may also be liable for improper transactions by any person (commonly referred to as a tippee to whom they have disclosed Material Nonpublic Information regarding the Company or to whom they have made recommendations or expressed
opinions on the basis of such information as to trading in the Company s securities. The SEC has imposed large penalties even when
the disclosing person did not profit from the trading. The SEC, the stock exchanges and the National Association of Securities Dealers,
Inc. use sophisticated electronic surveillance techniques to monitor and uncover insider trading. 

3.
 Possible Disciplinary Actions . Individuals subject to the Policy who violate this Policy shall also be subject to disciplinary
action by the Company, which may include suspension, forfeiture of perquisites, ineligibility for future participation in the Company s
equity incentive plans and/or termination of employment. 

PERMITTED
TRADING PERIOD 

1.
 Black-Out Period and Trading Window . 

To
ensure compliance with this Policy and applicable federal and state securities laws, the Company requires that all officers, directors,
members of the immediate family or household of any such person and others who are subject to this Policy refrain from conducting any
transactions involving the purchase or sale of the Company s securities, other than during the period in any fiscal quarter commencing
at the close of business on the second Trading Day following the date of public disclosure of the financial results for the prior
fiscal quarter or year and ending on the fifteenth day of the third month of the fiscal quarter (the Trading Window ).
If such public disclosure occurs on a Trading Day before the markets close, then such date of disclosure shall be considered the first
Trading Day following such public disclosure. 

It
is the Company s policy that the period when the Trading Window is closed is a particularly sensitive periods of
time for transactions in the Company s securities from the perspective of compliance with applicable securities laws. This is because
Insiders will, as any quarter progresses, are increasingly likely to possess Material Nonpublic Information about the expected financial
results for the quarter. The purpose of the Trading Window is to avoid any unlawful or improper transactions or the appearance of any
such transactions. 

It
should be noted that even during the Trading Window any person possessing Material Nonpublic Information concerning the Company shall
not engage in any transactions in the Company s (or any other companies, as applicable) securities until such information has been
known publicly for at least two Trading Days. The Company has adopted the policy of delaying trading for at least two Trading
Days because the securities laws require that the public be informed effectively of previously undisclosed material information
before Insiders trade in the Company s stock. Public disclosure may occur through a widely disseminated press release or through
filings, such as Forms 10-Q and 8-K, with the SEC. Furthermore, in order for the public to be effectively informed, the public must be
given time to evaluate the information disclosed by the Company. Although the amount of time necessary for the public to evaluate the
information may vary depending on the complexity of the information, generally two Trading Days is a sufficient period of time. 

A- 5 

From
time to time, the Company may also require that Insiders suspend trading because of developments known to the Company and not yet disclosed
to the public. In such event, such persons may not engage in any transaction involving the purchase or sale of the Company s securities
during such period and may not disclose to others the fact of such suspension of trading. 

Although
the Company may from time to time require during a Trading Window that Insiders and others suspend trading because of developments known
to the Company and not yet disclosed to the public, each person is individually responsible at all times for compliance with the
prohibitions against insider trading. Trading in the Company s securities during the Trading Window should not be considered
a safe harbor, and all directors, officers and other persons should use good judgment at all times. 

Notwithstanding
these general rules, Insiders may trade outside of the Trading Window provided that such trades are made pursuant to a legally
compliant, pre-established plan or by delegation established at a time that the Insider is not in possession of material nonpublic information.
These alternatives are discussed in the next section. 

2.
Trading According to a Pre-established Plan (10b5-1) or by Delegation. 

The
SEC has adopted Rule 10b5-1 (which was amended in December 2022) under which insider trading liability can be avoided if Insiders follow
very specific procedures. In general, such procedures involve trading according to pre-established instructions, plans or programs (a
 10b5-1 Plan after a required cooling off period described below. 

10b5-1
Plans must: 

(a)
Be documented by a contract, written plan, or formal instruction which provides that the trade take place in the future. For example,
an Insider can contract to sell his or her shares on a specific date, or simply delegate such decisions to an investment manager, 401(k)
plan administrator or similar third party. This documentation must be provided to the Company s Insider Trading Compliance Officer; 

(b)
Include in its documentation the specific amount, price and timing of the trade, or the formula for determining the amount, price and
timing. For example, the Insider can buy or sell shares in a specific amount and on a specific date each month, or according to a
pre-established percentage (of the Insider s salary, for example) each time that the share price falls or rises to pre-established
levels. In the case where trading decisions have been delegated (i.e., to a third party broker or money manager), the specific amount,
price and timing need not be provided; 

(c)
Be implemented at a time when the Insider does not possess material non-public information. As a practical matter, this means
that the Insider may set up 10b5-1 Plans, or delegate trading discretion, only during a Trading Window (discussed
in Section 1, above), assuming the Insider is not in possession of material non-public information; 

A- 6 

(d)
Remain beyond the scope of the Insider s influence after implementation. In general, the Insider must allow the 10b5-1 Plan
to be executed without changes to the accompanying instructions, and the Insider cannot later execute a hedge transaction that modifies
the effect of the 10b5-1 Plan. Insiders should be aware that the termination or modification of a 10b5-1 Plan after trades have
been undertaken under such plan could negate the 10b5-1 affirmative defense afforded by such program for all such prior trades. As such,
termination or modification of a 10b-5 Plan should only be undertaken in consultation with your legal counsel. If the Insider has delegated
decision-making authority to a third party, the Insider cannot subsequently influence the third party in any way and such third party
must not possess material non-public information at the time of any of the trades; 

(e)
 Be subject to a cooling off period . Effective February 27, 2023, Rule 10b5-1 contains cooling-off period 
for directors and officers that prohibit such insiders from trading in a 10b5-1 Plan until the later of (i) 90 days following the plan s
adoption or modification or (ii) two business days following the Company s disclosure (via a report filed with the SEC) of its
financial results for the fiscal quarter in which the plan was adopted or modified; and 

(f)
 Contain Insider certifications . Effective February 27, 2023, directors and officers are required to include a certification in
their 10b5-1 Plans to certify that at the time the plan is adopted or modified: (i) they are not aware of Material Nonpublic Information
about the Company or its securities and (ii) they are adopting the 10b5-1 Plan in good faith and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade
the anti-fraud provisions of the Exchange Act. 

Important :
In addition, effective February 27, 2023: (i) Insiders are prohibited from having multiple overlapping 10b5-1 Plans or more than one
plan in any given year, (ii) a modification relating to amount, price and timing of trades under a 10b5-1 Plan is deemed a plan termination
which requires a new cooling off period, and (iii) whether a particular trade is undertaken pursuant to a 10b5-1 Plan will need to be
disclosed (by checkoff box) on the applicable Forms 4 or 5 of the Insider. 

Pre-Approval
Required : Prior to implementing a 10b5-1 Plan, all officers and directors must receive the approval for such plan from (and provide
the details of the plan to) the Company s Insider Trading Compliance Officer. 

3.
 Pre-Clearance of Trades . 

Even
during a Trading Window, all Insiders, must comply with the Company s pre-clearance process prior to trading in the
Company s securities, implementing a pre-established plan for trading, or delegating decision-making authority over the Insider s
trades. To do so, each Insider must contact the Company s Insider Trading Compliance Officer prior to initiating any of these actions.
The Company may also find it necessary, from time to time, to require compliance with the pre-clearance process from others who may be
in possession of Material Nonpublic Information. 

A- 7 

4.
 Individual Responsibility . 

Every
person subject to this Policy has the individual responsibility to comply with this Policy against insider trading, regardless of whether
the Company has established a Trading Window applicable to that Insider or any other Insiders of the Company. Each individual, and not
necessarily the Company, is responsible for his or her own actions and will be individually responsible for the consequences of their
actions. Therefore, appropriate judgment, diligence and caution should be exercised in connection with any trade in the Company s
securities. An Insider may, from time to time, have to forego a proposed transaction in the Company s securities even if he or
she planned to make the transaction before learning of the Material Nonpublic Information and even though the Insider believes he or
she may suffer an economic loss or forego anticipated profit by waiting. 

APPLICABILITY
OF POLICY TO INSIDE INFORMATION 

 REGARDING
OTHER COMPANIES 

This
Policy and the guidelines described herein also apply to Material Nonpublic Information relating to other companies, including the Company s
customers, vendors or suppliers business partners ), when that information is obtained in the course of employment
with, or other services performed on behalf of the Company. Civil and criminal penalties, as well as termination of employment, may result
from trading on Material Nonpublic Information regarding the Company s business partners. All Insiders should treat Material Nonpublic
Information about the Company s business partners with the same care as is required with respect to information relating directly
to the Company. 

PROHIBITION
AGAINST BUYING AND SELLING 

 COMPANY
COMMON STOCK WITHIN A SIX-MONTH PERIOD 

 Directors,
Officers and 10 Shareholders 

Purchases
and sales (or sales and purchases) of Company common stock occurring within any six-month period in which a mathematical profit is realized
result in illegal short-swing profits. The prohibition against short-swing profits is found in Section 16 of the Exchange
Act. Section 16 was drafted as a rather arbitrary prohibition against profitable insider trading in a company s securities
within any six-month period regardless of the presence or absence of material nonpublic information that may affect the market price
of those securities. Each executive officer, director and 10 shareholder of the Company is subject to the prohibition against short-swing
profits under Section 16. Such persons are required to file Forms 3, 4 and 5 reports reporting his or her initial ownership of the Company s
common stock and any subsequent changes in such ownership. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires executive officers and directors who
must report transactions on Form 4 to do so by the end of the second business day following the transaction date, and amendments to Form
4 adopted effective February 2023 require the reporting person to check on the form if the purchase or sale was undertaken pursuant to
a 10b5-1 Plan. Profit realized, for the purposes of Section 16, is calculated generally to provide maximum recovery by the Company. The
measure of damages is the profit computed from any purchase and sale or any sale and purchase within the short-swing (i.e., six-month)
period, without regard to any setoffs for losses, any first-in or first-out rules, or the identity of the shares of common stock. This
approach sometimes has been called the lowest price in, highest price out rule. 

The
rules on recovery of short-swing profits are absolute and do not depend on whether a person has Material Nonpublic Information. 
In order to avoid trading activity that could inadvertently trigger a short-swing profit, it is the Company s policy that no executive
officer, director and 10 shareholder of the Company who has a 10b5-1 Plan in place may engage in voluntary purchases or sales of Company
securities outside of and while such 10b5-1 Plan remains in place. 

INQUIRIES 

Please
direct your questions as to any of the matters discussed in this Policy to the Company s Insider Trading Compliance Officer. 

A- 8 

Exhibit
B 

Strategic
Acquisitions, Inc. 

 And
its subsidiary Exworth Union Inc 

Insider
Trading Compliance Program - Pre-Clearance Checklist 

Individual
Proposing to Trade:_________________________ 

Number
of Shares covered by Proposed Trade:_________________________ 

Date:_________________________ 

Trading
 Window . Confirm that the trade will be made during the Company s trading
 window. 

Section
 16 Compliance . Confirm, if the individual is subject to Section 16, that the proposed
 trade will not give rise to any potential liability under Section 16 as a result of matched
 past (or intended future) transactions. Also, ensure that a Form 4 has been or will be completed
 and will be timely filed. 

Prohibited
 Trades . Confirm, if the individual is subject to Section 16, that the proposed transaction
 is not a short sale, put, call or other prohibited or strongly discouraged
 transaction. 

Rule
 144 Compliance (as applicable) . Confirm that: 

Current
 public information requirement has been met; 

Shares
 are not restricted or, if restricted, the one year holding period has been met; 

Volume
 limitations are not exceeded (confirm that the individual is not part of an aggregated group); 

The
 manner of sale requirements have been met; and 

The
 Notice of Form 144 Sale has been completed and filed. 

Rule
 10b-5 Concerns . Confirm that (i) the individual has been reminded that trading is prohibited
 when in possession of any material information regarding the Company that has not been adequately
 disclosed to the public, and (ii) the Insider Trading Compliance Officer has discussed with
 the individual any information known to the individual or the Insider Trading Compliance
 Officer which might be considered material, so that the individual has made an informed judgment
 as to the presence of inside information. 

Rule
 10b5-1 Matters . Confirm whether the individual has implemented, or proposes to implement,
 a pre-arranged trading plan under Rule 10b5-1. If so, obtain details of the plan. 

Signature
 of Insider Trading Compliance Officer 

</EX-14.2>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT 

I,
John P. O Shea, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Strategic Acquisitions, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered
 by the annual report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 7th, 2023 

/s/
 John P. O Shea 

John
 P. O Shea 

President,
 Director 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO RULE 13a-14(a) UNDER THE EXCHANGE ACT 

I,
Yuanyuan Huang, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Strategic Acquisitions, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered
 by the annual report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors: 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 7th, 2023 

/s/
 Yuanyuan Huang 

Yuanyuan
 Huang 

Secretary,
 Treasurer, Director 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Strategic Acquisitions, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Registrant on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ),
the undersigned certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The
 Report, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
 and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Registrant. 

Date:
 March 7th, 2023 

/s/
 John P. O Shea 

John
 P. O Shea 

President,
 Director 
 Principal
 Executive Officer 

[A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Strategic Acquisitions, Inc. and will be retained
by Strategic Acquisitions, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.] 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex32-2.htm

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Strategic Acquisitions, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the Registrant on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ),
the undersigned certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The
 Report, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
 and 

2. 
 The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Registrant. 

Date:
 March 7th, 2023 

/s/
 Yuanyuan Huang 

Yuanyuan
 Huang 

Secretary,
 Treasurer, Director 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

[A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Strategic Acquisitions, Inc. and will be retained
by Strategic Acquisitions, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.] 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 stqn-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 stqn-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 stqn-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 stqn-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

