<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230127_10-K_edgar_data_1803599_0001803599-23-000016.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13583192</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>294271</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2088880</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4707304</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3228625</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3023079</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001803599-23-000016.hdr.sgml : 20230127
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230127080353
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001803599-23-000016
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		121
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221130
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230127
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230127

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Concentrix Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001803599
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		IRS NUMBER:				271605762
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1130

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39494
		FILM NUMBER:		23559703

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		39899 BALENTINE DRIVE
		CITY:			NEWARK
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94560
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8007470583

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		39899 BALENTINE DRIVE
		CITY:			NEWARK
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94560

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001803599-23-000016.txt : 20230127

10-K
 1
 cnxc-20221130.htm
 10-K

cnxc-20221130 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _______ to ________ 
 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. employer identification number) 
 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code): ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the company s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was , computed by reference to the closing sale price of the common stock on the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC on May 31, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 
 As of January 17, 2023, there were shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

Table of Contents 
 Page PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 13 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 26 
 Item 2. Properties 
 27 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 27 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 27 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 28 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 30 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Result of Operations 
 30 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 48 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 49 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 101 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 101 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 101 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 101 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 102 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 102 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 102 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 102 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 102 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 103 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 106 

Table of Contents 

Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 Unless otherwise indicated or except where the context otherwise requires, the terms Concentrix, we, us and our and other similar terms in this Annual Report on Form 10-K refer to Concentrix Corporation and its subsidiaries. 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our expected future financial condition, results of operations, effective tax rate, cash flows, leverage, liquidity, business strategy, competitive position, demand for our services and seasonality of our business, international operations, acquisition opportunities and the anticipated impact of acquisitions, capital allocation and dividends, growth opportunities, spending, capital expenditures and investments, competition and market forecasts, industry trends, our human capital resources and sustainability initiatives, and statements that include words such as believe, expect, may, will, provide, could and should and other similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are inherently uncertain and involve substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Risks and uncertainties include, among other things: risks related to general economic conditions, including consumer demand, interest rates, inflation, supply chains and the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and the conflict in Ukraine; cyberattacks on our or our clients networks and information technology systems; the failure of our staff and contractors to adhere to our and our clients controls and processes; the inability to protect personal and proprietary information; the inability to execute on our digital customer experience strategy; the loss of key personnel or the inability to attract and retain staff with the skills and expertise needed for our business; increases in the cost of labor; the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and other communicable diseases, natural disasters, adverse weather conditions or public health crises; geopolitical, economic and climate or weather related risks in regions with a significant concentration of our operations; the inability to successfully identify, complete and integrate strategic acquisitions or investments, including our integration of ServiceSource International, Inc.; competitive conditions in our industry and consolidation of our competitors; higher than expected tax liabilities; the demand for customer experience solutions and technology; variability in demand by our clients or the early termination of our client contracts; the level of business activity of our clients and the market acceptance and performance of their products and services; currency exchange rate fluctuations; the operability of our communication services and information technology systems and networks; changes in law, regulations or regulatory guidance; damage to our reputation through the actions or inactions of third parties; investigative or legal actions; and other risks that are described under Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We do not intend to update forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof, unless otherwise required by law. 
 
 Concentrix, the Concentrix Logo, and all other Concentrix company, product and services names and slogans are trademarks or registered trademarks of Concentrix Corporation and its subsidiaries. Concentrix and the Concentrix Logo Reg. U.S. Pat. Tm. Off. and applicable non-U.S. jurisdictions. Other names and marks are the property of their respective owners. 

Part I 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 We are a leading global provider of Customer Experience CX solutions and technology that help iconic and disruptive brands drive deep understanding, full lifecycle engagement, and differentiated experiences for their end-customers around the world. We provide end-to-end capabilities, including CX process optimization, technology innovation, front- and back-office automation, analytics and business transformation services to clients in five primary industry verticals. Our differentiated portfolio of solutions supports Fortune Global 500 as well as high-growth companies across the globe in their efforts to deliver an optimized, consistent brand experience across all channels of communication, such as voice, chat, email, social media, asynchronous messaging, and custom applications. We strive to deliver exceptional services globally supported by our deep industry knowledge, technology and security practices, talented people, and digital and analytics expertise. 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 We offer our clients integrated solutions supporting the entirety of the customer lifecycle; CX and user experience UX strategy and design; analytics and actionable insights; and innovative new approaches to enhancing the customer experience through the latest technological advancements in our industry. We are a leader in the shift from traditional Customer Relationship Management CRM ), which is focused on a portion of the customer lifecycle, to CX, which supports the entirety of it. Through our end-to-end capabilities, we deliver better economic outcomes for our clients with solutions designed to meet their unique needs as they navigate a landscape characterized by discerning consumers and new market entrants. 
 We have strong relationships with companies across the globe and are a partner of choice for industry leaders. We believe in supporting our clients over the long term to build enduring relationships. Our average client tenure for our top 25 clients is approximately 17 years. As of November 30, 2022, we served over 130 Fortune Global 500 clients as well as more than 125 new economy clients. We primarily support clients in verticals with certain characteristics, such as high growth, high transaction volume, high levels of compliance and security, and steep barriers to entry. Our strategic verticals include technology and consumer electronics, retail, travel and ecommerce, communications and media, banking, financial services and insurance, healthcare, and other. Our clients include: 
 8 of the top 10 consumer electronics companies 
 4 of the top 5 tech companies 
 6 of the top 10 fintech companies 
 5 of the top 5 U.S. banks 
 3 of the top 5 ecommerce companies 
 4 of the top 5 U.S. health insurance companies 
 2 of the top 5 2022 global IPOs 
 4 of the top 5 social brands 
 
 Through our technology-infused offerings, our clients benefit from having a single resource that enables them to address the entirety of the customer journey from acquisition to support to renewal. Our end-to-end capabilities and broad service offerings help our clients acquire, retain, and improve the lifetime value of their customer relationships while optimizing their back-office processes. 
 We combine global consistency with local expertise, enhancing the end user experience for our clients customers through services rendered by a team of approximately 315,000 across approximately 300 locations in more than 40 countries and 6 continents, where we conduct business in over 70 languages. 
 In July 2022, we completed our acquisition of ServiceSource International, Inc. ServiceSource ). ServiceSource is a global outsourced go-to-market services provider, delivering business-to-business B2B digital sales and customer success solutions that complemented our existing offerings in this area. 
 In December 2021, we completed our acquisition of PK, a leading CX design engineering company with more than 5,000 staff in four countries. PK creates pioneering experiences that accelerate digital outcomes for their clients customers, partners and staff. The acquisition of PK expanded our scale in the digital IT services market and supported our growth strategy of investing in digital transformation to deliver exceptional customer experiences. The addition of the PK staff and technology to our team further strengthened our capabilities in CX design and development, artificial intelligence AI ), intelligent automation, and customer loyalty. 
 On December 1, 2020, Concentrix and our technology-infused CX solutions business were separated from SYNNEX Corporation, now known as TD SYNNEX Corporation TD SYNNEX ), through a tax-free distribution of all of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock to TD SYNNEX stockholders (such separation and distribution, the spin-off ). TD SYNNEX stockholders received one share of our common stock for each share of TD SYNNEX common stock held as of the close of business on November 17, 2020. As a result of the spin-off, we became an independent public company and our common stock commenced trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq under the symbol CNXC on December 1, 2020. In connection with the spin-off, on November 30, 2020, we entered into a separation and distribution agreement, an employee matters agreement, a tax matters 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 agreement and a commercial agreement with TD SYNNEX to set forth the principal actions to be taken in connection with the spin-off and define our ongoing relationship with TD SYNNEX after the spin-off. 
 We trace our roots back to 2004 when TD SYNNEX acquired BSA Sales, Inc., a company with 20 employees focused on helping clients through outsourced sales and marketing services. In 2006, TD SYNNEX combined New York-based Concentrix with BSA Sales under the Concentrix name, with the goal of bringing technology and innovation into businesses to help clients reimagine and design the next generation of experiences. Concentrix Corporation was incorporated in Delaware in December 2009. 
 Our Market Opportunity 
 In order to maintain relevancy, our clients must transform their systems in response to increased competition and consumer demands. To meet the evolving needs of their customers, our clients are looking to large CX solutions providers, such as Concentrix, to automate their systems and provide professional support to address complexities beyond the scope of automation. We are a leader in next-generation CX technology driven by a focus on innovation, which we believe will increase our total addressable market as we enter and grow across new and existing markets. 
 We offer a unique combination of CX solutions and services at scale. Our suite of integrated solutions include: digital transformation services that design and engineer CX solutions to enable efficient customer self-service and build customer loyalty; customer engagement solutions and services that address the entirety of the customer lifecycle; voice of the customer VOC solutions to gather and analyze customer feedback to foster loyalty to, and growth with, clients; analytics and consulting solutions that synthesize data and provide professional insight to improve clients customer experience strategies; AI technology that can intelligently act on customer intent to improve customer experience with non-human engagement; vertical business process outsourcing BPO services that provide specialized support to specific industry verticals; and back office BPO services that support clients in non-customer facing areas. 
 Industry Trends 
 Growing Importance of Customer Experience . We believe customer experience has become a strategic imperative for all enterprises today. Data, analytics, and digital solutions have reshaped the ways firms interact with their customers. As a result, enterprises are modernizing how they manage the customer experience across all channels of communication. The market is evolving from customer relationship management solutions that act as a cost cutting measure toward end-to-end CX management solutions that create value throughout the entire customer lifecycle at an appropriate cost. 
 Empowered Consumers and Users . The modern consumer is discerning and has come to expect a high level of care and responsiveness from their service providers. Old paradigms have shifted as increasingly competitive markets and easily accessible crowd-sourced information have empowered consumers to unprecedented levels. As consumers demand more and have an increasing number of alternatives, companies must differentiate on how they manage their customer relationships. This shift is driving the market toward consumer-centric solutions that reduce customer churn and promote brand loyalty. 
 Technological Innovation . Emerging technology is driving change within our industry and shaping the demands of our clients. Advancements in areas such as digital services, AI and machine learning ML are further disrupting our markets and our clients markets while opening new avenues for growth and opportunities for us to better serve our clients. These technologies provide clients the opportunity to interact more effectively with their customers and improve the customer experience by automating processes, optimizing customer journeys to reach faster solutions, enabling personalized engagement across multiple platforms, and focusing human engagement on the most complex interactions. 
 Evolving Role of People . The skill set required of advisors in the CRM and BPO industry is shifting as enterprises place increased importance on CX. Increasing complexity in the voice channel is driving a trend of longer customer engagements requiring CRM and BPO support professionals to have a more robust skill set. The increasing importance of skilled labor in our industry is offset by the transition of low complexity 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 support to online support (self-service), driven by heavy automation and digitization. Despite growth in digital channels, phone conversations currently remain the preferred option for customer services interactions. We believe the human element will continue to be important in our industry, as focus shifts from routine service to last-mile support requiring human-touch to deliver a stronger customer experience. In our view, attracting and retaining skilled talent that can adapt to the evolving focus of customer engagements will require a diverse and inclusive workplace that supports staff wellness. 
 Mission Critical Nature of Cybersecurity . Technological innovation coupled with the proliferation of smart devices and mobile connectivity is generating sensitive data at scale. At the same time, the avenues for access have become numerous, and an increasing number of malicious actors are becoming more sophisticated and active. Data security is paramount in an environment where external intrusion, improper access, or carelessness can compromise customers and businesses. The COVID-19 pandemic significantly expanded the prevalence of CX solutions that rely on remote staff further underscoring the importance of robust data security. Businesses require scalable, industry-leading data protection and security to avoid reputational and operational risks in an environment characterized by the threats and benefits of free-flowing information. 
 Enterprise Preferences Driving Vendor Consolidation . Enterprises have become increasingly global. As their scope of business increases, enterprises require a partner that can serve their needs by rapidly deploying solutions and new technology consistently across multiple geographies and channels. Enterprises therefore prefer vendors with scale and end-to-end capabilities that can be a one-stop shop and are consolidating existing relationships to vendors with scale to achieve their business objectives and pursue cost savings. 
 Market Fragmentation Driving Industry Consolidation . We operate in a fragmented marketplace characterized by numerous vendors offering services across various levels of the value chain. Currently the top 10 players in CX only hold an approximate 32 market share with the remaining market share held by thousands of other vendors. As client preferences continue to evolve in line with enterprise preferences, we anticipate that our market will undergo further consolidation. 
 Existing Solutions Have Many Limitations . As executives look to successfully navigate digital transformation and manage their customers experience across a wider variety of channels, unsophisticated providers and solutions often fail to meet customers needs. Currently there is a limited set of providers with end-to-end, global offerings of scale in the marketplace. The fragmentation of the market and, for many industries, high regulatory hurdles create additional complexity as most providers are small, niche, or local players. These issues are compounded by a lack of sufficient investment in cybersecurity, creating exposure to regulatory, reputational, and operational risks. These pain points, coupled with the prevalence of providers offering legacy solutions that fail to address the demands of the modern consumer, create an opportunity for large-scale, global CX solutions providers. 
 
 Our CX Solutions and Technology 
 Through our strategy, talent and technology, we offer solutions that help our clients enhance the experience for their customers and improve business performance. Our CX solutions encompass our core service offering of Customer Lifecycle Management and three complementary areas: CX/UX Strategy and Design; Digital Transformation; and VOC and Analytics. Through our integrated CX solutions offering, our clients engage us to acquire, support and renew customers, leverage customer feedback and insights to constantly improve business performance, and identify and implement customer-facing and back-office process improvements. We help our clients by creating tools that their customers and employees love to use, enable better customer interactions through real-time sentiment analysis, and integrate multiple customer interactions and touchpoints into one-stop smart mobile applications. We provide these solutions and other complementary services in 70 languages, across 6 continents, from approximately 300 locations in the Americas, Asia-Pacific and EMEA. 
 Customer Lifecycle Management. We seek to deliver next-generation customer engagement solutions and services that address the entirety of the customer lifecycle. We offer our clients the means to acquire, support and 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 renew customers across all channels while minimizing attrition and increasing customer lifetime value. Our Customer Lifecycle Management solutions include services such as customer care, sales support, digital marketing, technical support, digital self-service, content moderation, creative design and content production, and back office services. Customer Lifecycle Management represents our core service offering and a significant majority of the services we provide. 
 In addition to our Customer Lifecycle Management services, we also provide the complementary services described below, which are provided to clients as integrated solutions with our core service offering: 
 CX/UX Strategy and Design . We strive to help our clients reimagine what great is, designing next generation CX solutions to exceed customer expectations. Our CX/UX Strategy and Design solutions, including CX strategy, data-driven user design, journey mapping, and multi-platform engineering, enable our clients to create effortless, personalized customer engagements and align business priorities around measurable goals. Through these services, which we expanded with our December 2021 acquisition of PK, we promote a more rapid integration of digital and enabling technologies, providing transformational business services to our clients. 
 Digital Transformation . We seek to offer cutting edge solutions to reshape how brands better engage with their customers. Our innovative solutions and services are focused on creating disruption to help our clients stay relevant and achieve better business outcomes. Our Digital Transformation solutions include services such as Robotic Process Automation RPA and cognitive automation that automate processes to improve efficiency and accuracy, mobile app development to solve business challenges through new channels of customer engagement, work-at-home and gig platforms that capitalize on a changing and flexible workforce, Interactive Voice Response IVR and natural language understanding solutions that improve outcomes and customer experience with automated responses to verbal interactions, messaging and social platforms that allow clients to engage with customers across myriad platforms, and system integration services. Our December 2021 acquisition of PK added breadth and scale to our digital transformation services, further strengthening our capabilities in CX design and development, AI, intelligent automation, and customer loyalty. 
 Voice of the Customer and Analytics . ConcentrixCX, our VOC solutions platform, helps turn customer feedback into actionable insights. Our Analytics solutions provide businesses with insight into rapidly changing markets through data, which provides our clients with a competitive edge. Our VOC and Analytics solutions include offerings such as VOC Essentials, our VOC SaaS platform, speech and text insights, sentiment analysis, advanced analytics and real-time reporting. 
 
 Our Competitive Strengths 
 We believe the following strengths differentiate us from our competitors and provide us with a competitive advantage: 
 Market Leader with a Differentiated Brand and Value Proposition : We strive to have a compelling brand and reputation as a leading provider of solutions and technology that shape the customer experience. We have a differentiated combination of global scale, local reach, technological expertise, end-to-end solution capabilities and full lifecycle services. We are widely recognized as a leading provider of CX solutions and technology, garnering industry attention via 105 industry awards in fiscal year 2022. Third-party researchers have also taken note of our leading global practice with Everest Group Research distinguishing us as a leader for the 7 th consecutive year in 2022 for our market success, vision and strategy, service focus and capabilities, digital and technological solutions, domain investments, and buyer feedback. 
 Strong Relationships with a Growing and Diversified Client Base : We provide CX solutions for more than 1,000 clients worldwide. Leading global companies, including more than 130 Fortune Global 500 brands and more than 125 new economy clients, rely upon our solutions and technology. We serve a wide variety of clients, extending across numerous verticals. Our end-to-end capabilities and global scale have enabled us to build long-lasting relationships with our largest clients spanning approximately 17 years on 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 average. Our commitment to our clients is our primary focus and has generated numerous accolades to date, including 56 client awards in fiscal year 2022. 
 Extensive Global Presence : We operate globally in over 40 countries across 6 continents with the ability to conduct business in 70 different languages. We believe we are well-positioned to serve the largest global brands in nearly every market in which they operate. Our global footprint includes a strong presence in emerging markets such as India, China, Brazil, Vietnam, Thailand and Indonesia, which provides an opportunity to grow with our clients in these regions. Our ability to create value for our clients across a global delivery platform has enabled us to be a partner of choice. 
 Continued Investment in Research and Development : We believe that our investment in technology differentiates us from our competitors. We have provided technology-infused CX solutions for longer than a decade. We have been at the forefront of developing CX solutions and technology that improve the customer experience and will continue to strive for this in the future. Our December 2021 acquisition of PK, a leading CX design engineering company, demonstrates our commitment to being a leader in CX technology and digital transformation. 
 We have been a leader in our industry in advancements such as conversational virtual assistants, multichannel and augmented CRM, predictive analytics, emotion analytics, cognitive learning and AI and enjoy a first mover advantage. We are also an industry leader in cybersecurity best practices. We believe our strong focus on innovation has enabled us to maximize value for our clients and made it harder for our competitors to compete with us. Due to our size and scale, and the regular implementation of technology as part of our CX solutions, our costs of developing, maintaining and integrating new technologies are not material on a stand-alone basis. 
 Track Record of Sustainable Organic Growth : We have an established track record of long-term organic revenue growth, and we believe we will continue to enjoy sustainable growth while rebalancing our portfolio from acquisitions as a result of: 
 The nature of our offerings; 
 Substantial switching costs for our clients; 
 High net revenue retention rates; 
 Strong barriers to entry in the CX solutions market; and 
 A large and expanding addressable market. 
 Demonstrated History of Strategic Acquisitions : We have acquired and integrated more than 15 companies since our inception. We have a demonstrated ability to turn around underutilized assets and maximize their value, which we believe allows us to explore a broader scope of opportunities than our peers. In fiscal year 2022, we acquired PK, which expanded our scale in the digital IT services market and supported our growth strategy of investing in digital transformation to deliver exceptional customer experiences, and ServiceSource, which complemented our B2B digital sales and customer success solutions. 
 Corporate Culture Committed to Our Clients Success : Our unified team allows us to deliver consistent and exceptional results. As of November 30, 2022, our team consisted of approximately 315,000 full-time staff globally. We enjoy high staff engagement because of a strong company culture that is fanatical about serving our clients through integrity, with bold and disruptive thought. We strive for diversity and inclusion in the workplace and emphasize staff wellness and mental health. We believe this supportive environment reinforces the commitment of our team, empowers our staff to make an impact on our global community, and drives better customer experiences and improved outcomes for our clients. 
 Experienced Management Team : Our passionate and committed management team is led by industry experts with a deep understanding of our clients needs. We have a highly talented management team with significant experience in the CX industry, with our senior leadership team having an average of more than 30 years of experience. Through our acquisitions we have benefited from the addition of management talent, who have contributed valuable new perspectives and insights. Under our tenured management team, we have grown our revenue from 1.1 billion in fiscal year 2014 to 6.3 billion in fiscal year 2022, while delivering strong profitability. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

Our Growth Strategy 
 The key elements to our growth strategy are: 
 Expand and Deepen Relationships with Existing Clients : We have a well-established track record of cross-selling and offering additional solutions and premium services to sustain and grow our relationships with our existing clients. We have historically focused on clients with high transaction volume on a recurring basis, fast growing verticals, and large enterprises, and will continue to do so. We believe our scale, efficiency, and technology generates incremental value for our clients with each process we manage, naturally driving our customers to spend more with us. We believe our focus on technology innovation and responding to our clients needs positions us for continued growth. 
 Relentlessly Innovate and Develop New Digital Services and Solutions : We have developed innovative solutions for our clients, and we are focused on investing in technology. Investment in CX solutions technologies and digital transformation can enable more effective engagement with customers and improve the customer experience through increased automation, optimize customer journeys to reach faster solutions, enable personalized engagement across multiple platforms, and focus human engagement on the most complex interactions. For these reasons, we believe investments in disruptive technologies, applications, and services, such as our acquisition of PK, will continue to be instrumental in driving better value for our clients and result in increased profitability. 
 Further Expand into Adjacent Markets : Our marketplace continues to expand beyond CRM BPO. We see significant opportunity for growth across adjacent markets, and we strengthened our presence in the digital IT services market by acquiring PK. We intend to continue to provide our clients with an integrated offering of solutions that include digital services, VOC solutions, analytics and consulting, AI technology, vertical BPO services and back office BPO services. To further capitalize on new market adjacencies, we have made significant investments across emerging technologies such as RPA, AI, ML, VOC, IVR, and Internet of Things IoT ), which we believe will enhance our clients ability to offer personalized, effective engagement in all customer interactions to increase customer satisfaction and promote brand loyalty. As our industry evolves, we will continue to invest in these new and fast growing markets to further sustain long-term growth. 
 Selectively Pursue Strategic Acquisitions : We have made targeted acquisitions to increase our technology expertise, enter new verticals and geographies, and increase our scale, including the IBM Customer Care Business, Convergys Corporation, PK and ServiceSource. Our market remains highly fragmented and we believe that our acquisition strategy enhances and augments our growth avenues. We intend to continue to evaluate and pursue complementary, value enhancing acquisitions. 
 Invest in Emerging Markets : We have invested in delivery operations in emerging, high-growth markets such as India, China, Brazil, Vietnam, Thailand and Indonesia. We expect to continue to invest in similar markets to be well-positioned to serve global brands and enable us to grow with our clients in the regions and countries where they are growing. 
 Our Customers 
 In fiscal year 2022, we served more than 1,000 clients across various verticals and geographies. Our strategic verticals include: technology and consumer electronics, retail, travel and e-commerce, communications and media, banking, financial services and insurance, healthcare and other. We focus on developing long-term, strategic relationships with clients in verticals with certain characteristics, such as high growth, high transaction volume, high levels of compliance and security, and steep barriers to entry. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 We market our services through a sales force organized by industry vertical and geography. Our efforts may begin in response to our lead generation program, a perceived opportunity, a reference by an existing client, a 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 request for proposal or otherwise. The length of our sales cycle varies depending on the type of services work as well as whether there is an existing relationship with the client. 
 We have designated client partners or global relationship managers for each of our strategic relationships. The relationship manager is supported by process improvement, quality, transition, finance, human resources, information technology and industry or subject matter expert teams to ensure the best possible solution is provided to our clients. 
 We also strive to foster relationships between our senior leadership team and our clients senior management. These C-level relationships ensure that both parties are focused on establishing priorities, aligning objectives and driving client value from the top down. High-level executive relationships have been particularly constructive as a means of increasing business from our existing clients. It also provides us with a forum for addressing client concerns. We constantly measure our client satisfaction levels to ensure that we maintain high service levels for each client. 
 Our Operations 
 We have global delivery capabilities that allow us to scale our operations with people and other resources from around the world, including language fluency, proximity to clients and time-zone advantages. A critical component of this capability is our approximately 300 locations in more than 40 countries throughout the Americas, Asia-Pacific and EMEA. Our service delivery centers improve the efficiency of our engagement teams through the reuse of processes, solution designs and infrastructure by leveraging the experience of delivery center professionals. Services are provided from these global locations to customers worldwide in multiple languages. These services are supported by proprietary and third-party technologies to enable efficient and secure customer contact through various channels including voice, chat, web, email, social media and other digital platforms. All of our delivery centers and data centers are subject to annual certifications and attestations that include Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) version 3.2.1, ISO 27001:2013 and SOC2 Type II. Twenty-eight of our delivery centers around the world are certified to the COPC (Customer Operation Performance Center) Outsource Service Provider standard. For our healthcare clients, we have achieved HITRUST Common Security Framework (CSF) 9.3 certification. We also maintain a Level 3 CMMI version 1.3 certification for services and development for our major technology development centers globally. 
 We also have the capability to provide services for our clients through our utilization of remote staff. The COVID-19 pandemic has significantly expanded the prevalence of CX solutions that rely on utilization of remote staff, and as of November 30, 2022, more than 40 of our global team was remote. Our SecureCX TM platform supports secure remote work environments through digital tools and technology that authenticate the remote advisor, restrict unauthorized personnel and devices, and deliver real-time alerting of attempts to circumvent control. 
 We operate a globally distributed data processing environment that can seamlessly connect and integrate our service delivery centers with our data centers and points of presence. Our technologically advanced and secured data centers provide availability 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, with redundant power and communication feeds and emergency power back-up, and are designed to withstand most natural disasters. 
 The capacity of our data center and service delivery center operations, our nimble approach to remote staff, and the scalability of our customer management solutions enable us to meet the dynamic and challenging needs of large-scale and rapidly growing companies. By leveraging our scale and efficiencies across our common system platforms, we can provide rapid client-specific enhancements and modifications at competitive costs, which positions us as a value-added provider of customer support products and services. 
 International Operations 
 Approximately 78 of our revenue is generated by our non-U.S. operations. A key element in our business strategy has been to locate our service delivery centers in markets that are strategic to our client requirements and 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 cost beneficial. We have significant operations in the Philippines and India, as well as throughout EMEA and the Americas. 
 Sales and cost concentrations in international jurisdictions subject us to various risks, including the impact of changes in the value of foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, which in turn can impact reported revenue and cost of revenue. 
 See Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional financial information related to our international and domestic operations. 
 Seasonality 
 Our revenue and margins fluctuate with the underlying trends in our clients businesses. As a result, our revenue and margins are typically the highest in our fourth fiscal quarter. 
 Information Technology 
 We invest in IT systems, infrastructure, automation and security to enhance workforce management and enhance productivity. Our CX delivery centers employ a broad range of technology, including digital switching, intelligent call routing and tracking, proprietary workforce management systems, case management tools, computer telephony integration, interactive voice response and advanced speech recognition, with embedded security. Our innovative use of technology enables us to improve our voice, chat, web and e-mail handling and personnel scheduling, thereby increasing our efficiency and enhancing the quality of the services we deliver to our clients and their customers. We are able to dynamically scale to respond to changes in our clients business volumes. Additionally, we use technology to collect information for our clients about the customer interactions to support quality of service and improve the customer journey. 
 To support data security, we have established an integrated risk management framework with practices that are derived from industry standards, including ISO 31000, ISO 27001, HITRUST, PCI DSS and the NIST Cybersecurity Framework, and data privacy regulations, including the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA and the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ). The data security controls from these standards and regulations are evaluated for our risk management framework based on the needs of our business and our clients, the nature of our industry, and applicable regulations. 
 Competition 
 Our major competitors include core CX solutions competitors, including Majorel Group Luxembourg S.A., Sitel Group, TaskUs Inc., TDCX Inc., Teleperformance S.A., TELUS International, TTEC Holdings, Inc., and Webhelp SAS, other CX solutions competitors that primarily provide complementary services such as consulting and design, IT services, business process services, VOC and analytics, including Accenture plc, Cognizant Technology Solutions Corporation, ExlService Holdings, Inc., Genpact Limited, Medallia, Inc., Qualtrics, LLC, and WNS (Holdings) Limited, and digital IT services competitors, including Endava UK Ltd., EPAM Systems, Inc., Globant S.A. and Thoughtworks Holding, Inc. 
 In the future, we may face greater competition due to the consolidation of CX solutions providers. Consolidation activity may result in competitors with greater scale, a broader footprint or more attractive pricing than ours. In addition, a client or potential client may choose not to outsource its business, by setting up captive outsourcing operations or performing formerly outsourced services for themselves, or may switch CX solutions providers. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Human Capital Resources 
 We are committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive workplace that attracts and retains exceptional talent. Through ongoing staff development, comprehensive compensation and benefits, and a focus on health, safety and staff wellbeing, we strive to help our team in all aspects of their lives so they can do their best work. 
 As of November 30, 2022, we had approximately 315,000 full-time staff, of which approximately 60,000 were based in the Americas, approximately 220,000 were based in Asia-Pacific, and approximately 35,000 were based in EMEA. Except for a small portion of our team in certain countries, generally required by local regulations or brought in through acquisitions, our staff are not represented by a labor union, nor are they covered by a collective bargaining agreement. 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 A diverse team, including across background, gender, ethnicity, sexual orientation and lived experiences, is critical to our success and contributes to a work environment that promotes bold and contrarian thinking and an entrepreneurial mindset. We strive to create an inclusive workplace where people can bring their authentic selves to work. Our staff are encouraged to leverage their personal strengths and experiences to continually innovate and contribute to the development of new ideas and process improvements that drive better customer experiences and improved outcomes for our clients. Our commitment to these principles is set out in our Human Rights Policy, and our Code of Ethical Business Conduct requires all of our staff to adhere to our dedication to an inclusive work environment that fosters respect for all of our team members. 
 Our commitment to diversity and inclusion starts with our highly skilled and diverse board of directors and senior leadership team. More than half of the members of our board of directors and approximately 40 of our senior leadership team are women, and approximately 25 of our board and senior leadership team are ethnic minorities. We offer virtual learning opportunities on diversity, equity and inclusion topics that have been attended by more than 12,000 of our managers. Our team has also opened LGBTQ+, persons with disabilities, women and black professionals staff resource groups to support a diverse and inclusive workplace. In each of the past three years, our Chief Executive Officer, Chris Caldwell, was named one of best CEOs for Women and one of best CEOs for Diversity by Comparably, a workplace culture and compensation website. 
 Pay Equity and Total Rewards 
 People should be paid for what they do and how they do it, regardless of their gender, race, or other characteristics. To deliver on that commitment, we benchmark and set pay ranges based on market data and consider factors such as a team member s role and experience, the location of their job, and their performance. We also review our compensation practices, both in terms of our overall workforce and individual team members, to ensure our pay is fair and equitable. We have reviewed the compensation of our staff to ensure consistent pay practices by conducting a gender pay equity analysis comparing staff in the same role within a country or location. 
 We require a uniquely talented workforce and are committed to providing total rewards that are market-competitive and performance based, driving innovation and operational excellence. Our compensation programs, practices, and policies reflect our commitment to reward short- and long-term performance that aligns with and drives long-term stockholder value. Total direct compensation is generally positioned within a competitive range of the market median, with differentiation based on tenure, skills, proficiency, and performance to attract and retain key talent. 
 Staff Engagement 
 We pride ourselves on being fanatical about our staff. Our company culture emphasizes the satisfaction and well-being of our staff and a diverse, engaged team. We regularly solicit the opinion and views of our staff through a staff satisfaction survey, the results of which inform key initiatives to support engagement and foster retention. The global participation rate for our most recent staff satisfaction survey in 2022 was approximately 86 , and our 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 overall positive engagement rating (staff members that gave a satisfaction score of 4 or 5) was approximately 83 . In 2022, we were named as one of the 25 World s Best Workplaces TM by Great Place to Work and Fortune magazine, ranking twenty-second. 
 Training and Development 
 Human capital development underpins our efforts to execute our strategy and continue to deliver exceptional services globally. We invest in staff career growth and provide our team with a wide range of development opportunities, including face-to-face, virtual, social and self-directed learning, mentoring, coaching, and external development. Front-line staff receive continual feedback and reinforcement from supervisors who provide coaching, often in real time, so that staff can more readily apply their training to assist our clients and their customers. In addition, our staff have access to more than 31,000 online courses and 800 learning paths through Concentrix University to develop skills specific to their current roles and promote ongoing career growth. 
 Health, Safety and Wellness 
 The physical health, financial stability, life balance and mental health of our team is vital to our success. We sponsor a wellness program designed to enhance physical, financial, and mental well-being for all of our staff. Throughout the year, we encourage healthy behaviors through regular communications, educational sessions, voluntary progress tracking, wellness challenges, and other incentives. Since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have taken an integrated approach to helping our staff manage their work and personal responsibilities, with a strong focus on mental health. We also successfully transitioned a significant portion of our workforce to a remote working environment and implemented a number of safety and social distancing measures in our sites to protect the health and safety of our team. We supported access to COVID-19 vaccines for our staff around the world, including providing our staff in the Philippines and India with free COVID-19 vaccines and providing voluntary vaccination programs in the Philippines that were made available to staff family members. 
 
 Sustainability 
 We have a responsibility to improve the lives of our people and the health of our planet. In 2020, we began work on a formal Environmental, Social and Governance ESG program, and we have released annual Sustainability Reports since 2021, our first year as a public company. Our 2022 Sustainability Report updated stakeholders on our progress toward our long-term goals and set higher goals in areas where our progress exceeded our initial expectations. Our ESG program seeks to use our global reach and the strength of our team of approximately 315,000 to further three priorities: 
 Care for the environment to leave it better than we found it; 
 Create a better place for people to work and live in the communities where we operate; and 
 Act with integrity and do the right thing. 
 Our 2022 Sustainability Report outlines our ESG commitments for 2025 and how these commitments align with the Sustainable Development Goals established by the United Nations. We will continue to report on our progress with respect to these commitments in future Sustainability Reports. 
 Available Information 
 Our website is www.concentrix.com. We make available free of charge, on or through our website, our Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports, if any, or other filings filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after electronically filing or furnishing these reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). Our Sustainability Report is also available on our website. Information contained on our website is not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 The SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains our Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports, if any, or other filings filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, and our proxy and information statements. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 This section discusses the most significant factors that could affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. You should carefully consider the following risks and the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in evaluating our company and our common stock. If any of the risks discussed below occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity could be materially adversely affected and, as a result, the trading price of our common stock could decline. The risks described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also harm our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 We have grouped these risk factors into three categories: 
 Risks related to our business and the industry in which we operate; 
 Risks related to the spin-off; and 
 General risk factors related to ownership of our common stock. 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 We anticipate that our revenue and operating results will fluctuate, which could adversely affect the enterprise value of our Company and the trading value of our common stock. 
 Our operating results have fluctuated and will fluctuate in the future as a result of many factors, including: 
 general economic conditions, including: consumer demand, interest rates, inflation and supply chains; the COVID-19 pandemic and the conflict in Ukraine and their impact on the global economy; international trade negotiations, such as between the United States and China and between China and India; the United Kingdom s exit from the European Union; U.S. federal government budget disruptions; and market volatility, including as a result of political leadership in certain countries; 
 the level of business activity of our clients, which in turn is affected by the level of economic activity in the industries and markets that they serve and the market acceptance and performance of their products and services; 
 the demand for the CX solutions and technology we provide, as well as other competitive conditions in our industry; 
 the impact of the business acquisitions and dispositions we make, as well as consolidation of our competitors or clients; 
 changes in the tax rates in the various jurisdictions in which we do business; and 
 fluctuations in the exchange rates for the currencies in which we transact. 
 Although we attempt to control our expense levels, our expenses are based, in part, on anticipated revenue. We may be unable to reduce spending in a timely manner to compensate for an unexpected decrease in revenue. Our future operating results may be below our expectations or those of our public market analysts or investors, which would likely cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. 
 Cyberattacks or the improper disclosure or control of personal or confidential information could result in liability and harm our reputation, which could adversely affect our business. 
 Our business is heavily dependent upon information technology networks and systems. Internal or external attacks on our networks and systems or those of our clients or vendors, including through phishing, password attacks, and ransomware and other malware, could significantly disrupt our operations and impede our ability to provide critical solutions and services to our clients and their customers, subjecting us to liability under our contracts and damaging our reputation. Cybercriminals, including those supported by nation states and organized crime, are 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 well organized and increasingly sophisticated, and we expect they will continue to seek out and attempt to exploit vulnerabilities in our and our clients networks and systems. 
 We represent our clients in certain critical operations of their business processes such as sales, marketing and customer support and manage large volumes of customer information and confidential data. As a result, our business involves the use, storage, and transmission of information about not only our staff, but also our clients and the customers of our clients. While we take measures to protect the security of, and prevent unauthorized access to, our networks and systems and personal and proprietary information, the security controls for our networks and systems, as well as other security practices we follow, may not prevent improper access to, or disclosure of, personally identifiable or proprietary information. If we fail to adhere to or successfully implement effective internal controls and other processes to protect our networks and systems and the information that we store, our clients experience disruptions in their systems or operations, or the confidentiality of data is compromised by a malicious actor, our client relationships may suffer, and we may face possible legal action. Any failure in protecting networks, systems or information could result in legal liability, monetary penalties, or impairment to our reputation in the marketplace, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 If our staff or contractors fail to adhere to the controls and processes we and our clients have established, we may be subject to financial liability or our client relationships or reputation may suffer, which in turn may adversely affect our revenue and results of operations. 
 We depend on our staff and contractors to deliver our services to our clients and adhere to the controls and processes we and our clients have established. Although we believe our controls are effective and we require all staff to be trained on their responsibilities under our Code of Ethical Business Conduct, with a team of approximately 315,000, we cannot prevent all misconduct. When any of our staff or contractors negligently disregards or intentionally breaches our or our client s established controls or processes, whether acting alone or in collusion with other internal or external parties, we could be subject to monetary damages, fines, or criminal prosecution. Unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential information of our clients or our clients customers or financial loss by our clients or our clients customers as a result of our staff s negligence, fraud, misappropriation, or unauthorized access to or through our information systems or those we develop for clients could result in negative publicity, loss of clients, legal liability, and damage to our reputation, business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 The inability to successfully execute on our digital CX strategy and deliver value for our clients, could harm our client relationships and reputation, which in turn could adversely affect our revenue and our results of operations. 
 Our strategy focuses on being a leading provider of CX solutions and technology. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to continue to acquire, develop and implement services and solutions that anticipate and respond to rapid and continuing changes in technology and offerings to serve the evolving needs of our clients and their customers. We continue to invest in technology and in our digital capabilities to pursue this strategy, including through our acquisition of PK in December 2021. If we are unable to successfully deliver to our clients the differentiated combination of digital CX solutions and services that we believe we offer, or our solutions do not achieve the desired outcomes, our client relationships and reputation may suffer, which could result in a loss of business with existing clients and hinder our ability to engage new clients. We may also incur significant expenses in an effort to keep pace with clients preferences for technology or to gain a competitive advantage through technological expertise or new technologies. If we cannot offer new technologies as quickly or efficiently as our competitors, or if our competitors develop more cost-effective or client-preferred technologies, it could have a material adverse effect on our ability to obtain and complete client engagements, which could adversely affect our business. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 If we are unable to retain key personnel, hire and retain staff with the skills and expertise we need, or manage the costs and utilization rate of our staff, our profitability may be negatively impacted and our operations may be disrupted. 
 We are dependent in large part on our ability to retain the services of our key senior executives and other technical and industry experts and personnel. With the exception of our Chief Executive Officer and in countries where employment agreements are customary, we generally do not have employment agreements with our executives or staff. We also do not carry key person insurance coverage for any of our key executives. We compete for qualified senior management and technical personnel. The loss of, or inability to hire, key executives or qualified staff could inhibit our ability to operate and grow our business successfully. 
 The success of our operations and the quality of our services are also highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain skilled personnel in all of our global delivery centers. We face competition in hiring, retaining and motivating talented and skilled leaders and staff with domain experience, and we have, at times, struggled to hire sufficient technical talent to meet the demand for our services. Our industry is also characterized by high staff attrition rates. Any increase in our staff turnover rate could increase recruiting and training costs and could decrease operating effectiveness and productivity. Potential labor organizing and works council negotiations in certain of the countries in which we do business could also contribute to rising costs or otherwise disrupt our business. 
 We generally sign multi-year client contracts with pricing models that are based on prevailing labor costs in the jurisdictions where we perform services. Quickly rising wages during periods of high inflation or changes in laws or governmental regulations related to wages, mandatory time off, severance, healthcare, other staff benefits or other working conditions could increase our costs and limit our ability to adjust in a timely manner. Our profitability is also affected by the utilization rate of our personnel resources. If we are unable to achieve optimum utilization of our personnel resources, we may experience erosion in our profit margin. However, if our utilization is too high, the quality of services provided to our clients may deteriorate and we may also experience higher attrition rates. Rising costs, our inability to manage rising costs, or our inability to adequately motivate our team or utilize our personnel resources efficiently could negatively impact our profitability or disrupt our operations. 
 The continuing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic or the widespread outbreak of another communicable disease, a natural disaster or any other public health crisis, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We could be negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, the widespread outbreak of another illness or communicable disease, a natural disaster, or any other public health crisis. At its height, the COVID-19 pandemic had a significant negative effect on the global economy, supply chains and labor force participation, and created significant volatility in financial markets. Although the effects of the pandemic during fiscal year 2022 were not as significant as prior years, new variants continued to cause waves of COVID-19 cases around the globe, disrupting operations and contributing to expenses related to support and resources for our staff to care for themselves and their families. The extent of the future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic or other outbreaks of communicable diseases on our operational and financial performance, including our ability to execute our business strategies and initiatives in the expected time frame, will depend on future developments, including the duration, spread and severity of the pandemic, the evolution of the virus and the effects of mutations in its genetic code, country and state restrictions regarding virus containment, the availability and effectiveness of vaccines and treatment options, accessibility to our delivery and operations locations, our continued utilization of remote work environments in response to future health and safety restrictions, our clients acceptance of remote work environments, and the effect on our clients businesses and the demand for their products and services, all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. 
 We also have substantial operations in countries, most notably the Philippines and India, that have experienced severe natural events, such as typhoons, mudslides, and floods, in the recent past. Any natural disaster or extreme weather event in a region where we have operations could severely disrupt the lives of our staff and lead to service interruptions or reduce the quality level of services that we provide. Weather patterns may become more volatile, and extreme weather events may become more frequent or widespread as a result of the potential effects of climate 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 change. Our disaster recovery plan and business interruption insurance may not provide sufficient recovery to compensate for losses that we may incur. 
 An extended disruption to the global economy or business operations caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, another communicable disease, a natural disaster or any other public health crisis, or a regional disruption in an area in which we have significant operations, could materially affect our business, our results of operations, our access to sources of liquidity, the carrying value of our goodwill and intangible assets, and our financial condition. 
 Our delivery center activities are located around the world, with a significant concentration in the Philippines, India, China, and Brazil, which may expose us to business risks and disrupt our operations. 
 Our operations are based on a global delivery model with client services provided from delivery centers located throughout the Americas, Asia-Pacific, and EMEA, with a significant percentage of our workforce located in the Philippines, India, China, and Brazil. Operating globally subjects us to risks in the countries in which we do business, which may include political and economic instability, armed conflicts, domestic or foreign terrorism, foreign currency volatility, the time and expense required to comply with different laws and regulations, challenges with hiring and retaining adequate staff, inflation, longer payment cycles or difficulties in collecting accounts receivable, and seasonal reductions in business activity. Socio-economic situations that are specific to the Philippines, India, China and Brazil can severely disrupt our operations and impact our ability to fulfill our contractual obligations to our clients. If these countries experience natural disasters, extreme weather events or political unrest, our staff s ability to work may be disrupted, our IT and communication infrastructure may be at risk and the client processes that we manage may be adversely affected. We may also continue to expand our operations internationally to respond to competitive pressure and client and market requirements, which could increase these risks. If we are unable to manage the risks associated with our international operations and expanding such operations, our business could be adversely affected, and our revenue and earnings could decrease. 
 We have pursued and intend to continue to pursue strategic acquisitions or investments in new markets and may encounter risks associated with these activities, which could harm our business and operating results. 
 We have in the past pursued, and in the future expect to pursue, acquisitions of, or investments in, businesses, technologies and assets in new or existing markets, either within or outside the CX solutions industry, that complement or expand our existing business. In December 2021, we acquired PK, a leading global CX design engineering company for aggregate consideration of approximately 1.6 billion to pursue our strategy of further investing in digital transformation capabilities. In July 2022, we acquired ServiceSource, a global outsourced go-to-market services provider that delivers B2B digital sales and customer success solutions, for aggregate consideration of approximately 142 million. 
 Our acquisition strategy, including our acquisitions of PK and ServiceSource, involves a number of risks, including: 
 difficulty in successfully integrating acquired operations, IT and other systems, clients, services, businesses, and staff with our operations on a timely and cost-effective basis; 
 risk that the acquired businesses will fail to maintain the quality of services or results of operations that we have historically provided or that we expect from the acquired businesses; 
 the announcement or consummation of a transaction may have an adverse impact on relationships with third parties, including existing and potential clients, or may negatively affect our brand identity; 
 loss of key staff of the acquired operations or inability to attract, retain and motivate staff necessary for our expanded operations; 
 acquired businesses located in regions where we have not historically conducted business may subject us to new operational risks, laws, regulations, staff expectations, customs, and practices; 
 difficulty in scaling critical resources and facilities for the business needs of the expanded enterprise; 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 diversion of our capital and management attention away from operational matters and other business issues; 
 increase in our expenses and working capital requirements; 
 in the case of acquisitions that we may make outside of the United States, difficulty in operating internationally and over significant geographical distances; 
 other financial risks, such as potential liabilities of the businesses we acquire; and 
 our due diligence process may fail to identify significant issues with the acquired company s service quality, financial disclosures, legal liabilities, accounting practices or internal control deficiencies. 
 We may incur additional costs and certain redundant expenses in connection with our acquisitions and investments, which may have an adverse impact on our operating margins. Future acquisitions may result in dilutive issuances of equity securities, the incurrence of additional debt, large asset write-offs, a decrease in future profitability, or future losses. The incurrence of debt in connection with any future acquisitions could restrict our ability to obtain working capital or other financing necessary to operate our business. Our recent and future acquisitions or investments, including our acquisitions of PK and ServiceSource, may not be successful, and if we fail to realize the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions or investments, our business and operating results could be harmed. 
 Our industry is subject to intense competition and dynamic changes in business model, which in turn could cause our operations to suffer. 
 The CX solutions industry is highly competitive, highly fragmented and subject to rapid change. We believe that the principal competitive factors in this market are breadth and depth of process and domain expertise, service quality, ability to tailor specific solutions to the needs of clients and their customers, the ability to attract, train and retain qualified staff, cybersecurity infrastructure, compliance rigor, global delivery capabilities, pricing, and marketing and sales capabilities. We compete for business with a variety of companies, including in-house operations of existing and potential clients. If our clients place more focus in this area and internalize these operations, the size of the available market for third-party service providers like us could reduce significantly. Similarly, if competitors offer their services at lower prices to gain market share or provide services that gain greater market acceptance than the services we offer or develop, the demand for our services may decrease. Niche providers or new entrants can enter markets by developing new systems or services that could impact our business. The opportunity for new entrants in our industry may expand as digital engagement and offerings increase in importance. New competitors, new strategies by existing competitors or clients, and consolidation among clients or competitors could result in significant market share gain by our competitors, which could have an adverse effect on our revenue. 
 Some emerging technologies, such as RPA, AI, ML, VOC, IVR, and IoT, may cause an adverse shift in the way certain of our existing business operations are conducted, including by replacing human contacts with automated or self-service options, or by decreasing the size of the available market. We may be unsuccessful at anticipating or responding to new developments on a timely and cost-effective basis, and our use of technology may differ from accepted practices in the marketplace. Certain of our solutions may require lengthy and complex implementations that can be subject to changing client preferences and continuing changes in technology, which can increase costs or adversely affect our business. 
 We may have higher than anticipated tax liabilities, which could result in a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Due to the global nature of our operations, we are subject to the complex and varying tax laws and rules of many countries and have material tax-related contingent liabilities that are difficult to predict or quantify. In preparing our financial statements, we calculate our effective income tax rate based on current tax laws and regulations and our estimated taxable income within each jurisdiction. Our effective tax rate could be adversely affected by several factors, many of which are outside of our control, including: 
 changes in income before taxes in the countries in which we operate that have differing statutory tax rates; 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 changes in tax rates or tax laws and regulations, or the implementation or interpretation of such laws and regulations; 
 the effect of tax rates on accounting for acquisitions and dispositions; 
 issues arising from tax audits or examinations and any related interest or penalties; and 
 uncertainty in obtaining tax holiday extensions or the expiration or loss of tax holidays in various jurisdictions. 
 In the United States, proposed tax law changes could subject us to higher than anticipated tax liabilities, including by increasing the statutory corporate tax rate, imposing a minimum tax on global income, reducing the deduction for global intangible low-taxed income (GILTI), eliminating the qualified business asset investment exemption, limiting the deductibility of interest expense, repealing the deduction for foreign-derived intangible income or imposing a surcharge on corporations that employ staff in non-U.S. countries to deliver services to the United States. Any one or more of these changes, if adopted, could have a material adverse effect on our effective tax rate and our results of operations. Outside of the United States, proposed tax law changes could subject Concentrix to a global minimum tax on profits, which could result in double taxation and increased tax audit risk due to uncertainty in application. 
 We report our results of operations based on our determination of the amount of taxes owed in various jurisdictions in which we operate. The determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires estimation, judgment and calculations where the ultimate tax determination may not be certain. 
 We are also subject to tax audits, including with respect to transfer pricing, in the United States and other jurisdictions, and our tax positions may be challenged by tax authorities. There can be no assurance that our current tax provisions will be settled for the amounts accrued, that additional tax exposures will not be identified in the future or that additional tax reserves will not be necessary for any such exposures. Any increase in the amount of taxation incurred as a result of challenges to our tax filing positions could result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We are subject to uncertainties and rapid variability in demand by our clients, and our client contracts include provisions such as termination for convenience, which could cause fluctuations in our revenue and adversely affect our operating results. 
 Our revenue depends, in large part, on the volumes, geographic locations, and types of CX services demanded. The demand for our services can be affected by events outside of our control, including consolidation among our clients, changing marketplace trends, financial challenges faced by our clients, and fluctuations in the use of our clients products and services. CX solutions can also be provided in different geographies and through different service channels. While we have the capability to provide multi-channel services in countries across the globe, changes in the types of services utilized and the geographic locations where the services are provided can impact our revenue and profitability. There can be no assurance that the current demand for our CX services will continue or grow, that organizations will not elect to perform such services in-house, or that clients will not elect to move CX services to lower-cost or lower-margin geographies or customer contact channels. 
 Our client contracts typically include provisions that, if triggered, could impact our profitability. For example, many of our contracts may be terminated with limited notice for any reason and, to the extent our clients terminate these contracts, we could experience unexpected fluctuations in our revenue and operating results from period to period. Additionally, some contracts have performance-related bonus or penalty provisions, whereby we receive a bonus if we satisfy certain performance levels or pay a penalty for failing to do so. Such performance-related conditions are based on metrics that measure customer satisfaction and the quality, quantity and efficiency of our handling of the client s customer interactions across multiple channels. Generally, performance-related bonus or penalty provisions account for less than 1 of our annual revenue in the aggregate. However, whether we receive a bonus or are required to pay a penalty changes with performance and may cause fluctuations in our financial results. In addition, our clients may not guarantee a minimum volume; however, we hire staff based on anticipated volumes. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 If we fail to anticipate volumes correctly, our operations and financial results may suffer. A reduction of volume, loss of clients, payment of penalties or inability to terminate any unprofitable contracts could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 We depend on a limited number of clients for a significant portion of our revenue, and the loss of business from one or more of these clients could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Our five largest clients collectively represented approximately 26 of our revenue in fiscal year 2022. This client concentration increases the risk of quarterly fluctuations in our operating results, depending on the seasonal pattern of our top clients businesses. In addition, our top clients could make greater demands on us with regard to pricing and contractual terms in general. 
 At any given time, we typically have multiple master service agreements or statements of work with our largest clients. Clients may have the right to terminate such agreements for convenience or may have risk tolerances that limit how much business they retain with a single service provider. While we do not expect all master service agreements and statements of work to terminate at the same time, the loss of significant agreements with one of our largest clients could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition if the lost revenue is not replaced with profitable revenue from that client or other clients. 
 We often carry significant accounts receivable balances from a limited number of clients that generate a large portion of our revenue. For example, approximately 28 of our accounts receivable balance as of November 30, 2022 was attributable to five clients. A client may become unable or unwilling to timely pay its balance due to a general economic slowdown, economic weakness in its industry or the financial insolvency of its business. While we closely monitor our accounts receivable balances, a client s financial inability or unwillingness, for any reason, to pay a large accounts receivable balance or many clients inability or unwillingness to pay accounts receivable balances that are large in the aggregate would adversely impact our income and cash flow. 
 Rising interest rates increase the cost of our outstanding borrowings and could adversely affect our net income. 
 Our outstanding borrowings under our senior secured credit facility and our accounts receivable securitization facility are variable-rate obligations that expose us to interest rate risk. When interest rates increase, our debt service obligations and our interest expense increase even if our outstanding borrowings remain the same. Our net income and cash flows, including cash available for servicing indebtedness, will correspondingly decrease. 
 Changes in foreign currency exchange rates could adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 We operate in more than 40 countries, and volatility in the value of the currencies used in these countries increases the uncertainty in our revenue and profitability forecasts. While most of our contracts are priced in U.S. dollars, we recognize a substantial amount of revenue under contracts that are denominated in euros, British pounds, Australian dollars and Japanese yen, among other currencies. A significant increase in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to these currencies may have a material adverse impact on the value of our revenue when translated to U.S. dollars. 
 Our services are delivered from several delivery centers located around the world, with significant operations in the Philippines and India, as well as throughout EMEA and the Americas. Although our contracts with U.S.-based clients are typically priced in U.S. dollars, a substantial portion of our costs to deliver services under these contracts are denominated in the local currency of the country where services are performed. We also have certain client contracts that are priced in non-U.S. dollar currencies for which a substantial portion of the costs to deliver the services are in other currencies. As a result, our revenue may be earned in currencies that are different from the currencies in which we incur corresponding expenses. Fluctuations in the value of currencies, such as the Philippine peso, the Indian rupee, and the Canadian dollar, against the U.S. dollar or other currencies in which we bill our clients, and inflation in the local economies in which these delivery centers are located, could increase the operating and labor costs in these delivery centers, which can result in reduced profitability. A significant decrease in the value 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 of the contractual currency, relative to the currencies where services are provided, could have a material adverse impact on our operating results that are not fully offset by gains realized under the hedging contracts we have in place in certain currencies to limit our potential foreign currency exposure. 
 We depend on a variety of communications services and information technology systems and networks, and any failure or increase in the cost of these systems and networks could adversely impact our business and operating results. 
 The services we provide to our clients depend on the persistent availability and uncompromised security of our communications, technology and information technology systems. Our business uses a wide variety of technologies to allow us to manage large volumes of data and perform services with staff located around the globe. We deploy leading edge digital transformation capabilities such as AI-based automation bots, omnichannel services and internally-developed and third-party software solutions to enhance customer and staff experience across various technology environments and platforms. We operate an extensive internal voice and data network that links our global sites together in a multi-hub model that enables the rerouting of voice and data across the network, and we rely on multiple public communication channels and telephone, internet, and data services provided by various third parties for connectivity to our clients. Maintenance of, and investment in, this technology is critical to keeping our team productive and the success of our service delivery model. 
 Any failure in technology, or in our ability to manage or optimize our resources, may impair service quality and have a negative impact on our operations. Failures or significant downtime of our IT or telecommunications systems could prevent us from handling client volume, and frequent or prolonged interruption in our ability to provide services could result in contractual performance penalties, damage to our reputation, and the loss of business from existing and potential clients. Any increase in average waiting time or handling time or a lack of promptness or technical expertise from our staff will negatively impact customer satisfaction and our business. Telephone, internet and data service providers may elect not to renew their contracts with us or increase the cost of such services. If our communications or information technology systems are disrupted or the cost of maintaining those systems increases significantly, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 Our business is subject to many regulatory requirements, and changes in current regulations or their interpretation and enforcement, or the adoption of new regulations, could significantly increase our cost of doing business. 
 Our business is subject to many laws and regulatory requirements in the United States and the other countries in which we operate, covering such matters as: data privacy; labor matters, including immigration and equal employment opportunity (EEO) compliance; the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws; taxation; securities and insider trading; healthcare, including HIPAA compliance; banking; outsourcing; consumer protection, including the method and timing of placing outbound telephone calls and the recording or monitoring of telephone calls; collections activities; insurance claims administration; internal and disclosure control obligations; governmental affairs; and trade restrictions, sanctions and tariffs. 
 Many of these regulations, including those related to data privacy, labor matters and anti-corruption, change frequently and may conflict among the various jurisdictions and countries in which we provide services. The pace of regulatory change in these areas has accelerated in recent years. The GDPR in Europe, the Data Privacy Act in the Philippines, the California Consumer Privacy Act and other similar laws have resulted, and will continue to result, in increased compliance costs, and the failure to comply with these laws can result in significant monetary penalties. For example, fines of up to 4 of an entity s annual global revenue can be imposed for violations of the GDPR. We expect that the regulatory burden associated with compliance with privacy laws will continue to expand as more jurisdictions adopt privacy laws with different requirements. 
 Laws and regulatory requirements may also be subject to interpretation, and the transition of a significant portion of our staff to a remote work environment has increased the uncertainty related to the application and interpretation of certain laws and regulations that have historically been applied to onsite work environments. If our interpretation of any laws or regulatory requirements conflicts with positions taken by regulatory agencies or other 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 government bodies in the future, we may be subject to legal liability or be unable to conduct business in the same manner. Violations of any laws and regulations to which we are subject, including failing to adhere to or successfully implement processes in response to changing regulatory requirements or work practices, could result in liability for damages, fines, criminal prosecution, unfavorable publicity and damage to our reputation, and restrictions on our ability to operate, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 In addition, changes in policies or laws of the United States or non-U.S. countries resulting in, among other things, higher taxation, limitations on the ability of companies to utilize offshore outsourcing, currency conversion limitations, restrictions on fund transfers, or the expropriation of private enterprises, could reduce the anticipated benefits of our global operations. Any actions by countries in which we conduct business to reverse policies that encourage international trade or investment could also adversely affect our business. 
 Our operations, reputation and results of operations may be damaged through the actions, inactions or vulnerabilities of third parties. 
 We depend on a variety of third parties to enable us to deliver services to our clients, including communications services providers, information technology systems and network providers, electric and other utility providers, transportation providers, and recruiting firms. Although we believe we have a rigorous procurement process to evaluate our vendors and service providers, these third parties can damage our reputation or cause financial loss through cybersecurity or data privacy breaches, inadequate information technology infrastructure, insufficient updates to software, non-conformance to servicing standards, or financial distress that interrupts business operations. 
 Moreover, with an increased reliance on remote staff, we depend on the communications and other service providers necessary for our staff to perform their work from our facilities and their homes. Power or communications failures could interrupt the operations of our facilities or the ability of our staff to work remotely. Natural disasters, severe weather events or labor disputes that disrupt transportation services could limit the ability of our staff to reach our facilities or increase the cost of transportation services that we procure for our staff in certain countries. Any prolonged disruption in the operations of our facilities or the ability of our remote staff to deliver services to our clients and their customers, whether due to technical difficulties, power failures, or any other reason, could cause service interruptions or reduce the quality level of services that we provide and harm our operating results. 
 Our results of operations could be adversely affected by litigation and other commitments and contingencies. 
 We face risks arising from various unasserted and asserted claims, including, but not limited to, commercial, labor and employment, consumer protection, tax, and patent infringement claims. Certain claims may be structured as class action lawsuits or otherwise allege substantial damages. We may be unable to obtain insurance coverage for certain claims at a reasonable cost, if at all. Unfavorable outcomes in pending or future litigation or the settlement of asserted claims could negatively affect us. Regardless of the outcome, litigation could result in substantial expense and could divert the efforts of our management. 
 We have developed proprietary IT systems, mobile applications, and cloud-based technology and acquired technologies that play an important role in our business, including through our acquisition of PK. If any claim alleging infringement of intellectual property rights is successful against us and if indemnification is not available or sufficient, we may be required to pay substantial damages to third parties and indemnify our clients for losses arising out of the infringement. In order to continue delivering services to our clients, we may also need to seek and obtain a license of a third party s intellectual property rights. We may be unable to obtain such a license on commercially reasonable terms, if at all, which could disrupt our business and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 In addition, in the ordinary course of business, we may make certain commitments, including representations, warranties and indemnities relating to current and past operations and divested businesses, and issue guarantees of third-party obligations. The amounts of such commitments can only be estimated, and the actual amounts for which we are responsible may differ materially from our estimates. If we incur liability as a result of any current or future 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 litigation, commitments or contingencies and such liability exceeds any amounts accrued, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 Our goodwill and identifiable intangible assets could become impaired, which could have a material non-cash adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 We have recorded substantial goodwill and amortizable intangible assets as a result of our acquisitions. We review our goodwill and intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. We assess whether there has been an impairment in the value of goodwill at least annually. Factors that may be considered a change in circumstances indicating that the carrying value of our goodwill or intangible assets may not be recoverable include declines in stock price, market capitalization or cash flows, and slower growth rates in our industry. We could be required to record a significant charge to earnings in our financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill or intangible assets was determined, negatively impacting our results of operations. 
 The terms of our debt arrangements impose significant restrictions on our ability to operate and could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 The terms of the agreements under which our indebtedness was incurred may limit or restrict, among other things, our ability to: 
 incur additional indebtedness; 
 make investments; 
 pay dividends or make certain other restricted payments; 
 repurchase common stock; 
 consummate certain asset sales or acquisitions; 
 enter into certain transactions with affiliates; and 
 merge, consolidate or sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets. 
 We are also required to maintain specified financial ratios and satisfy certain financial condition tests under certain of our debt arrangements. Our inability to meet these ratios and tests could result in the acceleration of the repayment of the related debt, termination of the applicable debt arrangement, an increase in our effective cost of funds or the cross-default of other indebtedness. As a result, our ability to operate may be restricted and our ability to respond to business and market conditions may be limited, which could have an adverse effect on our business and operating results. 
 Our level of indebtedness could have adverse consequences for our business or our financial condition. 
 In connection with our acquisition of PK in December 2021, we amended our senior secured credit facility to, among other things, increase our outstanding term loan borrowings to 2.1 billion and increase the revolving loan commitment of the lenders to 1.0 billion. In July 2022, we amended our accounts receivable securitization facility to increase the commitment of the lenders to provide available borrowings to up to 500 million. As of November 30, 2022, we had 2.2 billion of indebtedness prior to debt issuance costs, and we may further increase our indebtedness in the future. Our level of indebtedness could have adverse consequences for us and our stockholders, including: 
 requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make principal and interest payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of such cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate requirements, and to grow our business; 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 limiting our ability to borrow additional funds as needed, make strategic acquisitions or take advantage of other business opportunities as they arise, or pay cash dividends; 
 increasing future debt costs and limiting the future availability of debt financing; 
 increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; and 
 limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and industry. 
 To the extent that we incur additional indebtedness, the risks described above could increase. In addition, our actual cash requirements in the future may be greater than expected. Our cash flows from operations may not be sufficient to service our outstanding debt or to repay our outstanding debt as it becomes due, and we may be unable to borrow money, sell assets or otherwise raise funds on acceptable terms, if at all, to service or refinance our debt. 
 Borrowings under our senior secured credit facility and accounts receivable securitization facility bear interest at a variable rate that is based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), which may have consequences for us that cannot be reasonably predicted and may adversely affect our liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Borrowings under our senior secured credit facility and our accounts receivable securitization facility may bear interest at a rate per annum that, at our election, is based upon SOFR. Although SOFR has been endorsed by the Alternative Reference Rates Committee as its preferred replacement for the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ), it remains uncertain whether or when SOFR or other alternative reference rates will be widely accepted by lenders as the replacement for LIBOR. This may, in turn, impact the liquidity of the SOFR loan market, and SOFR itself. Since the initial publication of SOFR, daily changes in the rate have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmark or market rates, and SOFR over time may bear little or no relation to the historical actual or historical indicative data. Additionally, our senior secured credit facility and our accounts receivable securitization facility include a credit adjustment on SOFR due to LIBOR representing an unsecured lending rate while SOFR represents a secured lending rate. The possible volatility of and uncertainty around SOFR as a LIBOR replacement rate and the applicable credit adjustment could result in higher borrowing costs for us, which would adversely affect our liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Risks Relating to the Spin-Off 
 As a new public company, our brand identity may not be fully aligned with our service offerings and the value we deliver to our clients, which may adversely affect our ability to grow and attract talented staff. 
 As a provider of CX solutions and technology, our brand identity is important to growing our business with new and existing clients and attracting and retaining our people. As a new public company, the Concentrix brand identity may not fully reflect our status as a leading global provider of CX solutions and technology. Moreover, certain of our historical acquisitions of companies continue to affect how our company is viewed today. If prospective and current clients do not associate our company with the high-value CX solutions and technology we believe we offer, we may experience difficulty in winning new business or attracting and retaining talented staff, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 Our brand identity can also be affected by events outside of our control, including negative publicity associated with our clients businesses or social media campaigns directed against us or our clients. Responding to such events can distract from our business and increase costs. If the brand identity we are establishing as a new public company is damaged, we could experience increased difficulty in attracting and retaining clients and staff, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 If the spin-off is determined to be taxable for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we and our stockholders could incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities. 
 If the spin-off fails to qualify for tax-free treatment, TD SYNNEX would be subject to tax as if it had sold our common stock in a taxable sale for its fair market value, and our initial public stockholders at the time of the spin-off would be subject to tax as if they had received a taxable distribution equal to the fair market value of our common stock that was distributed to them. Under the tax matters agreement between TD SYNNEX and us, we are generally required to indemnify TD SYNNEX for any taxes resulting from the separation (and related costs and other damages) to the extent such amounts result from (1) an acquisition of all or a portion of our equity securities or assets by any means, (2) any action or failure to act by us after the distribution affecting the voting rights of our stock, (3) other actions or failures to act by us, or (4) certain breaches of our agreements and representations in the tax matters agreement. Our indemnification obligations to TD SYNNEX and its subsidiaries, officers, and directors are not limited by any maximum amount. If we are required to indemnify TD SYNNEX or such other persons under the circumstances set forth in the tax matters agreement, we may be subject to substantial liabilities. 
 We are subject to potential indemnification liabilities to TD SYNNEX pursuant to the separation and distribution agreement. 
 The separation and distribution agreement between TD SYNNEX and us provides for indemnification obligations designed to make us financially responsible for substantially all liabilities that may exist relating to our business activities, whether incurred before or after the spin-off. If we are required to indemnify TD SYNNEX under the circumstances set forth in this agreement, we may be subject to substantial liabilities. 
 In connection with the spin-off, TD SYNNEX has agreed to indemnify us for certain liabilities and liabilities related to TD SYNNEX assets; however, these indemnities may be insufficient to protect us against the full amount of such liabilities. 
 Pursuant to the separation and distribution agreement, TD SYNNEX has agreed to indemnify us for certain liabilities. However, third parties could seek to hold us responsible for any of the liabilities that TD SYNNEX agreed to retain, and there can be no assurance that TD SYNNEX will be able to fully satisfy its indemnification obligations. Moreover, even if we ultimately succeed in recovering from TD SYNNEX any amounts for which we are held liable, such indemnification may be insufficient to fully offset the financial impact of such liabilities or we may be required to bear these losses while seeking recovery from TD SYNNEX. 
 General Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 The share price and trading volume of our common stock may fluctuate significantly. 
 Our common stock has been traded on Nasdaq under the symbol CNXC since December 1, 2020. The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly due to a number of factors, some of which may be beyond our control, including: 
 our financial results; 
 developments generally affecting the CX solutions industry; 
 the performance of our business and the performance of similar companies; 
 our capital structure, including the amount of our indebtedness; 
 the announcement of acquisitions or dispositions; 
 additions or departures of key personnel; 
 changes in market valuations of similar companies; 
 general economic, industry and market conditions; 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 the depth and liquidity of the market for our common stock; 
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 
 our dividend policy; 
 investor perception of our business and our company; 
 the passage of legislation or other regulatory developments that adversely affect us or our industry; and 
 the impact of the factors referred to elsewhere in Risk Factors. 
 In addition, the stock market regularly experiences significant price and volume fluctuations. This volatility has had a significant impact on the market price of securities issued by many companies, including companies in our industry. The changes may occur without regard to the operating performance of the affected companies. Hence, the price of our common stock could fluctuate based upon factors that have little or nothing to do with our company, and these fluctuations could materially reduce our share price. 
 We cannot guarantee the continued payment of dividends on our common stock, or the timing or amount of any such dividends. 
 The continued payment of dividends in the future, and the timing and amount thereof, to our stockholders is within the discretion of our board of directors. Our board of directors decisions regarding the payment of dividends will depend on many factors, such as our financial condition, earnings, capital requirements, debt service obligations, restrictive covenants in our debt agreements, industry practice, legal requirements, regulatory constraints, and other factors that our board of directors deems relevant. Our ability to pay dividends will depend on our ongoing ability to generate cash from operations and on our access to the capital markets. We cannot guarantee that we will continue to pay a dividend in the future. 
 Your percentage ownership in Concentrix may be diluted in the future. 
 In the future, your percentage ownership in Concentrix may be diluted because of equity issuances for acquisitions, capital market transactions or otherwise, including equity awards that we grant to our directors, officers and staff and staff purchases of shares from Concentrix through our employee stock purchase plan. The compensation committee of our board of directors grants stock-based awards to members of our staff and our directors, from time to time, under our stock incentive plan. Such awards have a dilutive effect on our earnings per share, which could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 Certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and of Delaware law make it difficult for stockholders to change the composition of our board of directors and may discourage hostile takeover attempts that some of our stockholders may consider to be beneficial. 
 Certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and of Delaware law may have the effect of delaying or preventing changes in control if our board of directors determines that such changes in control are not in the best interests of us and our stockholders. These provisions may include, among other things, the following: 
 the ability of our board of directors to issue shares of preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms, including preferences and voting rights, of those shares without stockholder approval; 
 stockholder action can only be taken at a special or regular meeting and not by written consent; 
 the inability of our stockholders to call a special meeting; 
 advance notice procedures for nominating candidates to our board of directors or presenting matters at stockholder meetings; 
 allowing only our board of directors to fill vacancies on our board of directors; 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 supermajority voting requirements to amend our bylaws and certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation; and 
 restrictions on an interested stockholder to engage in certain business combinations with us for a three-year period following the date the interested stockholder became such. 
 While these provisions have the effect of encouraging persons seeking to acquire control of our company to negotiate with our board of directors, they could enable the board of directors to hinder or frustrate a transaction that some, or a majority, of the stockholders might believe to be in their best interests and, in that case, may prevent or discourage attempts to remove and replace incumbent directors. We are also subject to Delaware laws that could have similar effects. One of these laws prohibits us from engaging in a business combination with a significant stockholder unless specific conditions are met. 
 Our bylaws designate the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and U.S. federal district courts as the exclusive forums for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which limits our stockholders ability to choose the judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees. 
 Our bylaws provide that, with certain limited exceptions, any action or proceeding: 
 brought in a derivative manner in the name or right of the company or on our behalf; 
 asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, employees or agents to us or our stockholders; 
 asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to any provision of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware or any provision of our certificate of incorporation or bylaws; or 
 asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, 
 will be exclusively brought in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if no state court located within the State of Delaware has jurisdiction, the U.S. federal district court for the District of Delaware). Furthermore, any complaint asserting a cause of action under the Securities Act against us or any of our directors, officers, employees or agents will be exclusively brought in U.S. federal district court. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of Concentrix common stock is deemed to have notice of and consented to the exclusive forum provisions. 
 To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Delaware exclusive forum provision will apply to state and federal law claims other than those claims under the Securities Act for which our bylaws designate U.S. federal district court as the exclusive forum. However, stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. The enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies certificates of incorporation or similar governing documents has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that a court could find the choice of forum provisions contained in our bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable, including with respect to claims arising under the U.S. federal securities laws. 
 This exclusive forum provision may limit the ability of a stockholder to commence litigation in a forum that the stockholder prefers, or may require a stockholder to incur additional costs in order to commence litigation in Delaware or U.S. federal district court, each of which may discourage such lawsuits against us or our directors or officers. Alternatively, if a court were to find this exclusive forum provision inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings described above, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 We lease our principal executive offices in Newark, California. As of November 30, 2022, we occupied approximately 300 facilities comprising service and delivery centers and administrative facilities covering approximately 17.1 million square feet, of which approximately 1.3 million square feet was owned and the remainder was leased. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time, we are involved in legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business. We do not believe that these proceedings will have a material adverse effect on the results of our operations, our financial position or the cash flows of our business. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable . 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Part II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Our common stock is listed on Nasdaq under the symbol CNXC . As of Janu ary 17, 2023, there were 52,069,609 shares of common stock outstanding held by approximately 2,460 stockholders of record. 
 Dividends 
 During fiscal years 2022 and 2021, the Company has paid the following dividends per share approved by the Company s board of directors: 
 
 Announcement Date Record Date Per Share Dividend Amount Payment Date September 27, 2021 October 22, 2021 0.25 November 2, 2021 January 18, 2022 January 28, 2022 0.25 February 8, 2022 March 29, 2022 April 29, 2022 0.25 May 10, 2022 June 27, 2022 July 29, 2022 0.25 August 9, 2022 September 28, 2022 October 28, 2022 0.275 November 8, 2022 
 
 Our board of directors expects that cash dividends will be paid on a quarterly basis in the future. However, any decision to pay future cash dividends will be subject to our board of directors approval, and will depend on many factors, such as our financial condition, earnings, capital requirements, debt service obligations, restrictive covenants in our debt agreements, industry practice, legal requirements, regulatory constraints, and other factors that our board of directors deems relevant. Our ability to pay dividends will depend on our ongoing ability to generate cash from operations and on our access to the capital markets. We cannot guarantee that we will continue to pay a dividend in the future. 
 
 Share Repurchases 
 In September 2021, our board of directors authorized the Company to purchase up to 500 million of the Company s outstanding shares of common stock from time to time as market and business conditions warrant, including through open market purchases or Rule 10b5-1 trading plans. The repurchase program has no termination date and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. As of November 30, 2022, we had repurchased 980,434 shares under the share repurchase program for approximately 145.9 million in the aggregate. At November 30, 2022, we had approximately 354.1 million remaining for share repurchases under the existing authorization from our board of directors. 
 
 The following table summarizes the Company s purchases of common stock during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended November 30, 2022: 
 
 Period Total number of shares 
 purchased (1), (2) 
 Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as 
 part of publicly announced program (2) 
 Maximum dollar amount that may yet be purchased under the program (in thousands) September 1, 2022 - September 30, 2022 105,843 121.18 105,840 355,208 October 1, 2022 - October 31, 2022 88,507 119.61 10,080 354,085 November 1, 2022 - November 30, 2022 44 118.83 354,085 Total 194,394 120.21 115,920 
 
 (1) Includes shares withheld upon the vesting of certain equity awards to satisfy tax withholding obligations. 
 (2) Includes shares repurchased as part of the Company s share repurchase program initiated in September of 2021. 

28 

Table of Contents 

Stock Price Performance Graph 
 
 The stock price performance graph below compares our cumulative total stockholder return for the period from December 1, 2020 through November 30, 2022 with the cumulative total return of the S P Midcap 400 Index for the same period and a Peer Group comprised of our core CX solutions competitors that are publicly traded companies: Majorel Group Luxembourg S.A. (from initial public offering in September 2021), TaskUs Inc. (from initial public offering in June 2021), TDCX Inc. (from initial public offering in October 2021), Teleperformance S.A., TELUS International (from initial public offering in February 2021), and TTEC Holdings, Inc., in each case assuming a 100 initial investment. 

December 1, 2020 November 30, 2021 November 30, 2022 Concentrix Corporation 100.00 158.10 116.55 S P Midcap 400 100.00 123.43 117.47 Peer Group 100.00 121.30 72.41 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 This Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with our historical consolidated financial statements and the notes to those consolidated financial statements. It contains forward-looking statements, which are subject to risk, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or implied in the forward-looking statements. Please see Risk Factors and Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of the uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with these statements. 
 The following discussion compares our results for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2022 to the fiscal year ended November 30, 2021. The discussion comparing our results for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2021 to the fiscal year ended November 30, 2020 is included within Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our 2021 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on January 28, 2022, and is incorporated by reference herein. 
 Unless otherwise indicated or except where the context otherwise requires, references to we, our, us, the Company or Concentrix in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations refer to Concentrix Corporation and its subsidiaries. 
 
 Overview and Basis of Presentation 
 Concentrix is a leading global provider of Customer Experience CX solutions and technology that help iconic and disruptive brands drive deep understanding, full lifecycle engagement, and differentiated experiences for their end-customers. We provide end-to-end capabilities, including CX process optimization, technology innovation and design engineering, front- and back-office automation, analytics and business transformation services to clients in five primary industry verticals. Our differentiated portfolio of solutions supports Fortune Global 500 as well as new economy clients across the globe in their efforts to deliver an optimized, consistent brand experience across all channels of communication, such as voice, chat, email, social media, asynchronous messaging, and custom applications. We strive to deliver exceptional services globally supported by our deep industry knowledge, technology and security practices, talented people, and digital and analytics expertise. 
 We generate revenue from performing services that are generally tied to our clients products and services. Any shift in business or the size of the market for our clients products or services, or any failure of technology or failure of acceptance of our clients products or services in the market may impact our business. The staff turnover rate in our business is high, as is the risk of losing experienced team members. High staff turnover rates may increase costs and decrease operating efficiencies and productivity. 
 PK Acquisition 
 On December 27, 2021, we completed our acquisition of PK, a leading CX design engineering company with more than 5,000 staff in four countries, for total consideration of 1,573.3 million, net of cash and restricted cash acquired. PK creates pioneering experiences that accelerate digital outcomes for their clients customers, partners and staff. The acquisition of PK expanded our scale in the digital IT services market and supported our growth strategy of investing in digital transformation to deliver exceptional customer experiences. The addition of the PK staff and technology to our team further strengthened our capabilities in CX design and development, artificial intelligence AI ), intelligent automation, and customer loyalty. 
 ServiceSource Acquisition 
 On July 20, 2022, we completed our acquisition of ServiceSource International, Inc. ServiceSource for total consideration of 141.5 million, net of cash and restricted cash acquired. ServiceSource is a global outsourced go-to- 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 market services provider, delivering business-to-business B2B digital sales and customer success solutions that complemented our existing offerings in this area. 
 Spin-off 
 On December 1, 2020, Concentrix and our technology-infused CX solutions business were separated from SYNNEX Corporation, now known as TD SYNNEX Corporation TD SYNNEX ), through a tax-free distribution of all of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock to TD SYNNEX stockholders (such separation and distribution, the spin-off ). TD SYNNEX stockholders received one share of our common stock for each share of TD SYNNEX common stock held as of the close of business on November 17, 2020. As a result of the spin-off, we became an independent public company and our common stock commenced trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq under the symbol CNXC on December 1, 2020. In connection with the spin-off, on November 30, 2020, we entered into a separation and distribution agreement, an employee matters agreement, a tax matters agreement and a commercial agreement with TD SYNNEX to set forth the principal actions to be taken in connection with the spin-off and define our ongoing relationship with TD SYNNEX after the spin-off. 
 Risks and uncertainties related to the COVID-19 pandemic 
 At its height, the COVID-19 pandemic had a significant negative effect on the global economy, supply chains and labor force participation, and created significant volatility in financial markets. We successfully transitioned a significant portion of our workforce to a remote working environment throughout the second quarter of 2020 and implemented a number of safety and social distancing measures in our sites to protect the health and safety of our staff. During fiscal year 2022, almost all of our workforce was productive, but we experienced the continued effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, as variants caused new waves of COVID-19 cases around the globe. 
 The extent of the future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operational and financial performance, including our ability to execute our business strategies and initiatives in the expected time frame, will depend on future developments, including the duration, spread and severity of the pandemic, the evolution of the virus and the effects of mutations in its genetic code, country and state restrictions regarding virus containment, the availability and effectiveness of vaccines and treatment options, accessibility to our delivery and operations locations, our continued utilization of remote work environments in response to future health and safety restrictions, our clients acceptance of remote work environments, and the effect on our clients businesses and the demand for their products and services, all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. 
 We are unable to predict how long the pandemic conditions will persist in regions in which we operate, if or when countries or localities may experience an increase in COVID-19 cases, what additional measures may be introduced by governments or our clients in response to the pandemic generally or to an increase in COVID-19 cases in a particular country or locality, and the effect of any such additional measures on our business. As a result, many of the estimates and assumptions involved in preparation of the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K required increased judgment and carry a higher degree of variability and volatility. As events continue to evolve with respect to the pandemic and the global recovery from the pandemic, our estimates may materially change in future periods. Accordingly, current results and financial condition discussed herein may not be indicative of future operating results and trends. 
 
 Revenue and Cost of Revenue 
 We generate revenue through the provision of CX solutions and technology to our clients pursuant to client contracts. Our client contracts typically consist of a master services agreement, supported in most cases by multiple statements of work, which contain the terms and conditions of each contracted solution. Our client contracts can range from less than one year to over five years in term and are subject to early termination by our clients for any reason, typically with 30 to 90 days notice. 
 Our CX solutions and technology are generally characterized by flat unit prices. Approximately 95 of our revenue is recognized as services are performed, based on staffing hours or the number of client customer 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 transactions handled using contractual rates. Remaining revenue from the sale of these solutions are typically recognized as the services are provided over the duration of the contract using contractual rates. 
 Our cost of revenue consists primarily of personnel costs related to the delivery of our solutions and technology. The costs of our revenue can be impacted by the mix of client contracts, where we deliver the CX solutions and technology, additional lead time for programs to be fully scalable and transition and initial set-up costs. Our cost of revenue as a percentage of revenue has also fluctuated in the past, based primarily on our ability to achieve economies of scale, the management of our operating expenses, and the timing and costs incurred related to our acquisitions and investments. 
 In fiscal years 2022 and 2021, approximately 78 and 84 , respectively, of our consolidated revenue was generated from our non-U.S. operations, and approximately 68 and 62 , respectively, of our consolidated revenue was priced in U.S. dollars and we expect this to continue. As a result, we have certain client contracts that are priced in non-U.S. dollar currencies for which a substantial portion of the costs to deliver the services are in other currencies. Accordingly, our revenue may be earned in currencies that are different from the currencies in which we incur corresponding expenses. Fluctuations in the value of currencies, such as the Philippine peso, the Indian rupee, and the Canadian dollar, against the U.S. dollar or other currencies in which we bill our clients, and inflation in the local economies in which these delivery centers are located, can impact the operating and labor costs in these delivery centers, which can result in reduced profitability. As a result, our revenue growth, costs and profitability have been impacted, and we expect will continue to be impacted, by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and inflation. 

Margins 
 Our gross margins fluctuate and can be impacted by the mix of client contracts, services provided, shifts in the geography from which our CX services are delivered, client volume trends, and the amount of lead time that is required for programs to become fully scaled and transition and set-up costs. Our operating margin fluctuates based on changes in gross margins as well as overall volume levels, as we are able to gain scale efficiencies in our selling, general and administrative costs in periods of larger volume. 
 
 Economic and Industry Trends 
 The CX solutions industry in which we operate is competitive, including on the basis of pricing terms, delivery capabilities and quality of services. Further, there can be competitive pressure for labor in various markets, which could result in increased labor costs. Accordingly, we could be subject to pricing and labor cost pressures and may experience a decrease in revenue and operating income. Our business operates in over 40 countries across 6 continents. We have significant concentrations in the Philippines, India, the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, throughout Europe, China and Japan. Accordingly, we would be impacted by economic strength or weakness in these geographies and by the strengthening or weakening of local currencies relative to the U.S. dollar. 
 
 Seasonality 
 Our revenue and margins fluctuate with the underlying trends in our clients businesses and trends in the level of consumer activity. As a result, our revenue and margins are typically higher in the fourth fiscal quarter of the year than in any other quarter. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The discussion and analysis of our consolidated financial condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States GAAP ). The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of any contingent assets and liabilities at the financial statement date and reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. On an ongoing basis, we review and evaluate our estimates and assumptions. Our estimates are 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 based on our historical experience and a variety of other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making our judgment about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily available from other sources. Actual results could differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 We believe the following critical accounting policies involve the more significant judgments, estimates and/or assumptions used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We recognize revenue from our client contracts over time as the promised services are delivered to clients for an amount that reflects the consideration to which we are entitled in exchange for those services. We recognize revenue over time as the client simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by us as we perform the services. We account for a contract with a client when it has written approval, the contract is committed, the rights of the parties, including payments terms, are identified, the contract has commercial substance and the consideration is probable of collection. Revenue is presented net of taxes collected from clients and remitted to government authorities. We generally invoice a client after the performance of services, or in accordance with the specific contractual provisions. Payments are due as per contract terms and do not contain a significant financing component. In most cases, our contracts consist of a single performance obligation comprised of a series of distinct services that are substantially the same and that have the same pattern of transfer (i.e., distinct days of service). 
 
 Service contracts are most significantly based on a fixed unit-price per transaction or other objective measure of output. Revenue on unit-price transactions is recognized over time using an objective measure of output such as staffing hours or the number of transactions processed by service advisors. Certain contracts may be based on a fixed price. Revenue on fixed price contracts is recognized over time using an input measure or on a straight line basis over the term of the contract as the services are provided based on the nature of the contract. 
 
 Certain client contracts include additional payments from the client based upon the achievement of certain agreed-upon service levels and performance metrics. Certain contracts also provide for a reduction in consideration paid to the Company in the event that certain agreed-upon service levels or performance metrics are not achieved. Revenue based on such arrangements is accounted for as variable consideration when the likely amount of revenue to be recognized can be estimated to the extent that it is unlikely that a significant reversal will occur. 
 Business Combinations 
 
 We continually seek to augment organic growth with strategic acquisitions of businesses and assets that complement and expand our existing capabilities. Recent acquisitions have sought to enhance our capabilities and domain expertise in our key verticals, expand our geographic footprint, and further expand into higher value service offerings. We are also strategically focused on further increasing our scale to support our clients. 
 
 We allocate the fair value of purchase consideration to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed generally based on their fair values at the acquisition date. The excess of the fair value of purchase consideration over the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. The determination of the fair value of assets and liabilities may involve engaging independent third parties to perform an appraisal. When determining the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, we make significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. Critical estimates in valuing intangible assets include, but are not limited to, expected future cash flows, which includes consideration of future growth rates and margins, attrition rates, and discount rates. Fair value estimates are based on the assumptions we believe a market participant would use in pricing the asset or liability. Amounts recorded in a business combination may change during the measurement period, which is a period not to exceed one year from the date of acquisition, as additional information about conditions existing at the acquisition date becomes available. 

33 

Table of Contents 

 Goodwill 
 As of November 30, 2022, we had goodwill of 2,904.4 million recorded on our consolidated balance sheet. The Company tests goodwill for impairment annually at the reporting unit level in the fiscal fourth quarter or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it may be impaired. For purposes of the goodwill impairment test, the Company can elect to perform a quantitative or qualitative analysis. If the qualitative analysis is elected, goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level by performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value. The factors that are considered in the qualitative analysis include: macroeconomic conditions; industry and market considerations; cost factors such as increases in labor, or other costs that would have a negative effect on earnings and cash flows; and other relevant entity-specific events and information. 
 
 If we elect to perform or are required to perform a quantitative analysis, then the reporting unit s carrying value is compared to its fair value. Goodwill is considered impaired if the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value and the excess is recognized as an impairment loss. As part of our fiscal year 2022 assessment, we reconciled the fair value of our reporting unit to our market capitalization. The result of the analysis demonstrated that our reporting unit s fair value substantially exceeded its carrying value. 
 
 Based on our 2022 impairment assessment, we concluded that no impairment charges were necessary. We recorded no impairment charges related to goodwill during the fiscal years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Other Intangible Assets 
 As of November 30, 2022, we had other intangible assets, net of amortization, of 985.6 million. This amount consists primarily of 919.9 million in client relationship intangible assets. As amortizable intangible assets, we evaluate the intangible assets for recoverability whenever events or circumstances indicate a possible inability to recover their carrying value (an indicator of impairment). If an impairment indicator is present, we perform a test of recoverability by comparing estimates of undiscounted future cash flows to the carrying values of the related assets. We recorded no impairment charges related to other intangible assets during the fiscal years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 For a summary of recent accounting pronouncements and the anticipated effects on our consolidated financial statements, see Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations Fiscal Years Ended November 30, 2022 and 2021 
 Fiscal Years Ended November 30, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Revenue 6,324,473 5,587,015 Cost of revenue 4,067,210 3,617,527 Gross profit 2,257,263 1,969,488 Selling, general and administrative expenses 1,617,071 1,397,091 Operating income 640,192 572,397 Interest expense and finance charges, net 70,076 23,046 Other expense (income), net (34,887) (6,345) Income before income taxes 605,003 555,696 Provision for income taxes 169,363 150,119 Net income before non-controlling interest 435,640 405,577 Less: Net income attributable to non-controlling interest 591 Net income attributable to Concentrix Corporation 435,049 405,577 
 Revenue 
 Fiscal Years Ended November 30, Percent Change 2022 2021 2022 to 2021 (in thousands) Industry vertical: Technology and consumer electronics 1,980,666 1,759,203 12.6 Retail, travel and ecommerce 1,184,086 985,550 20.1 Communications and media 1,076,289 1,005,283 7.1 Banking, financial services and insurance 967,810 862,033 12.3 Healthcare 608,169 489,855 24.2 Other 507,453 485,091 4.6 Total 6,324,473 5,587,015 13.2 
 We generate revenue by delivering our CX solutions and technology to our clients categorized in the above primary industry verticals. Our solutions focus on customer engagement, process optimization, and back-office automation. 
 Our revenue increased 13.2 in fiscal year 2022, including revenue from acquired operations of 512.9 million, or an increase of 9.2 , compared to fiscal year 2021. The increase in revenue from acquired operations combined with higher volumes across most verticals caused the majority of the increase in our revenue compared to the prior year. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in revenue related to divested businesses of 37.9 million, or 0.7 , and an unfavorable translation effect of foreign currencies of 195.2 million, or 3.5 . The unfavorable foreign currency translation effect on revenue was primarily due to the weakening of the euro, Japanese yen, British pound, and Australian dollar against the U.S. dollar. 
 Revenue in our technology and consumer electronics vertical increased over the prior year as a result of increases in volumes from several social media and internet-related service clients, increases in volumes from a broad-based group of hardware and software clients and increases due to contributions from acquired operations. Revenue in our retail, travel and ecommerce vertical increased over the prior year primarily due to contributions 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 from acquired operations and increased volumes from a majority of our retail and ecommerce and travel and tourism clients. Revenue in our communications and media vertical increased over the prior year primarily due to contributions from acquired operations. Revenue from clients in the banking, financial services and insurance vertical increased over the prior year due to increased volumes from several banking and financial services clients partially offset by a decrease in volumes related to several of our insurance clients, which primarily resulted from the divestiture of our insurance third-party administration operations and software platform, Concentrix Insurance Solutions CIS ). Revenue in our healthcare vertical increased over the prior year due to contributions from acquired operations and increased volumes from a majority of our health insurance clients. Revenue in our other vertical increased over the prior year primarily due to contributions from acquired operations partially offset by a decrease in revenue from government clients. 
 Cost of Revenue, Gross Profit and Gross Margin Percentage 
 Fiscal Years Ended November 30, Percent Change 2022 2021 2022 to 2021 in thousands) Cost of revenue 
 4,067,210 3,617,527 12.4 Gross profit 
 2,257,263 1,969,488 14.6 Gross margin 
 35.7 35.3 
 Cost of revenue consists primarily of personnel costs. Gross margins can be impacted by resource location, client mix and pricing, additional lead time for programs to be fully scalable, and transition and initial set-up costs. 
 Our cost of revenue increased by 12.4 in fiscal y ear 2022 , compared to fiscal year 2021 , primarily due to the increase in our revenue and personnel costs related to staff supporting our acquired operations. These increases were partially offset by a 193.5 million, or 5.3 , reduction in the cost of revenue due to foreign currency translation. The foreign currency impacts on our cost of revenue were caused primarily by the weakening of the euro, Philippine peso, Japanese yen and Indian rupee against the U.S. dollar. 
 Our gross profit increased by 14.6 in fiscal year 2022, compared to fiscal year 2021, primarily due to the increase in revenue and contributions from acquired operations, partially offset by a 1.7 million reduction in gross profit due to net unfavorable foreign currency translation. Our gross margin percentage increased from 35.3 in fiscal year 2021 to 35.7 in fiscal year 2022 and was affected by the mix of geographies where our services were delivered. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Fiscal Years Ended November 30, Percent Change 2022 2021 2022 to 2021 in thousands) Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 1,617,071 1,397,091 15.7 Percentage of revenue 
 25.6 25.0 
 Our selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of support personnel costs such as salaries, commissions, bonuses, employee benefits and share-based compensation costs. Selling, general and administrative expenses also include the cost of our global delivery facilities, utility expenses, hardware and software costs related to our technology infrastructure, legal and professional fees, depreciation on our technology and facility equipment, amortization of intangible assets resulting from acquisitions, marketing expenses and acquisition-related and integration expenses. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Our selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 15.7 in fiscal year 2022, compared to fiscal year 2021, primarily due to incremental expenses associated with acquired operations, increases in expenses to support our revenue growth, an increase in amortization expense of 25.8 million primarily associated with the intangible assets recognized in the acquisitions of PK and ServiceSource, an increase in acquisition-related and integration expenses of 33.0 million related to the previously described acquisitions and an increase in share-based compensation expense of 10.7 million. These increases were partially offset by a 53.4 million reduction in selling, general and administrative expenses due to foreign currency translation. As a percentage of revenue, selling, general and administrative expenses increased from 25.0 for fiscal year 2021 to 25.6 for fiscal year 2022 due to the net effect of the changes described. 
 Operating Income 
 Fiscal Years Ended November 30, Percent Change 2022 2021 2022 to 2021 in thousands) Operating income 
 640,192 572,397 11.8 Operating margin 
 10.1 10.2 
 Our operating income increased during fiscal year 2022, compared to fiscal year 2021, primarily due to the increase in gross profit partially offset by the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 Our operating margin decreased during fiscal year 2022, compared to fiscal year 2021, due to the increase in gross margin percentage more than offset by the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue. 
 Interest Expense and Finance Charges, Net 
 Fiscal Years Ended November 30, Percent Change 2022 2021 2022 to 2021 in thousands) Interest expense and finance charges, net 
 70,076 23,046 204.1 Percentage of revenue 
 1.1 0.4 
 Amounts recorded in interest expense and finance charges, net consist primarily of interest on our term loan borrowings under our senior secured credit facility (the Credit Facility and interest on borrowings under our accounts receivable securitization facility (the Securitization Facility ). 
 
 The increase in interest expense during fiscal year 2022, compared to fiscal year 2021, was due to the increase in borrowings and an increased interest rate on our term loan borrowings under our Credit Facility and increased borrowings and an increased interest rate on borrowings under our Securitization Facility. The increase in borrowings primarily resulted from borrowings incurred for the acquisitions of PK and ServiceSource in fiscal year 2022. 

37 

Table of Contents 

 Other Expense (Income), Net 
 Fiscal Years Ended November 30, Percent Change 2022 2021 2022 to 2021 in thousands) Other expense (income), net 
 (34,887) (6,345) 449.8 Percentage of revenue 
 (0.6) (0.1) 
 Amounts recorded as other expense (income), net include foreign currency transaction gains and losses other than cash flow hedges, investment gains and losses, the non-service component of pension costs, and other non-operating gains and losses. 
 Other expense (income), net in fiscal year 2022 was 34.9 million of income compared to 6.3 million of income in fiscal year 2021. The change in other expense (income), net was primarily due to favorable foreign currency transaction changes compared to the prior year. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 Fiscal Years Ended November 30, Percent Change 2022 2021 2022 to 2021 in thousands) Provision for income taxes 
 169,363 150,119 12.8 Percentage of income before income taxes 
 28.0 27.0 
 Our provision for income taxes consists of our current and deferred tax expense resulting from our income earned in domestic and international jurisdictions. 
 Our provision for income taxes increased for fiscal year 2022, compared to fiscal year 2021, due to the change in mix of income earned in different tax jurisdictions between fiscal years. This change in mix of income led to an increase in the U.S. minimum tax related to foreign earnings in fiscal year 2022 in comparison to fiscal year 2021. The increase was partially offset by an additional income tax expense of 13.0 million in fiscal year 2021 related to the divestiture of CIS. 
 The effective tax rate for fiscal year 2022 increased compared to the effective tax rate for the fiscal year 2021 due to the change in mix of income earned in different tax jurisdictions between fiscal years. A decrease in U.S. taxable income led to an increase in the U.S. minimum tax related to foreign earnings as a percentage of income before taxes. 
 See Note 14 Inco me Taxes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details. 
 Certain Non-GAAP Financial Information 
 In addition to disclosing financial results that are determined in accordance with GAAP, we also disclose certain non-GAAP financial information, including: 
 Revenue in constant currency, which is revenue adjusted for the translation effect of foreign currencies so that certain financial results can be viewed without the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, thereby facilitating period-to-period comparisons of our business performance. Revenue in constant currency is calculated by translating the revenue of each fiscal year in the billing currency to U.S. dollars using the comparable prior year s currency conversion rate. Generally, when the U.S. dollar either 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 strengthens or weakens against other currencies, our revenue growth at constant currency rates or adjusting for currency will be higher or lower than our revenue growth reported at actual exchange rates. 
 Revenue in adjusted constant currency, which is constant currency revenue excluding revenue from acquired operations in the current period for the twelve months following an acquisition and excluding revenue from divested operations in the comparative period for the twelve months preceding a divestiture. Revenue in adjusted constant currency presents organic constant currency revenue growth for the business, without the impact of acquisitions and divestitures, thereby facilitating period-to-period comparisons of our business performance. 
 Non-GAAP operating income, which is operating income, adjusted to exclude acquisition-related and integration expenses, including related restructuring costs, amortization of intangible assets, share-based compensation and gain on divestitures and related transaction costs. 
 Non-GAAP operating margin, which is non-GAAP operating income, as defined above, divided by revenue. 
 Adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization, or adjusted EBITDA, which is non-GAAP operating income, as defined above, plus depreciation. 
 Adjusted EBITDA margin, which is adjusted EBITDA, as defined above, divided by revenue. 
 Non-GAAP net income, which is net income excluding the tax effected impact of acquisition-related and integration expenses, including related restructuring costs, amortization of intangible assets, share-based compensation and gain on divestitures and related transaction costs. 
 Free cash flow, which is cash flows from operating activities less capital expenditures. We believe that free cash flow is a meaningful measure of cash flows since capital expenditures are a necessary component of ongoing operations. However, free cash flow has limitations because it does not represent the residual cash flow available for discretionary expenditures. For example, free cash flow does not incorporate payments for business acquisitions. 
 Non-GAAP diluted earnings per common share EPS ), which is diluted EPS excluding the per share, tax effected impact of acquisition-related and integration expenses, including related restructuring costs, amortization of intangible assets, share-based compensation and gain on divestitures and related transaction costs. 
 We believe that providing this additional information is useful to the reader to better assess and understand our base operating performance, especially when comparing results with previous periods and for planning and forecasting in future periods, primarily because management typically monitors the business adjusted for these items in addition to GAAP results. Management also uses these non-GAAP measures to establish operational goals and, in some cases, for measuring performance for compensation purposes. These non-GAAP financial measures exclude amortization of intangible assets. Our acquisition activities have resulted in the recognition of intangible assets, which consist primarily of client relationships, technology and trade names. Finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives and are tested for impairment when events indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. The amortization of intangible assets is reflected in our statements of operations. Although intangible assets contribute to our revenue generation, the amortization of intangible assets does not directly relate to the services performed for our clients. Additionally, intangible asset amortization expense typically fluctuates based on the size and timing of our acquisition activity. Accordingly, we believe excluding the amortization of intangible assets, along with the other non-GAAP adjustments, which neither relate to the ordinary course of our business nor reflect our underlying business performance, enhances our and our investors ability to compare our past financial performance with its current performance and to analyze underlying business performance and trends. Intangible asset amortization excluded from the related non-GAAP financial measure represents the entire amount recorded within our GAAP financial statements, and the revenue generated by the associated intangible assets has not been excluded from the related non-GAAP financial measure. Intangible asset amortization is excluded from the related non-GAAP financial measure because the amortization, unlike the related revenue, is not affected by operations of any particular period unless an intangible asset becomes impaired or the estimated useful life of an intangible asset is revised. These non-GAAP financial measures also exclude share-based 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 compensation expense. Given the subjective assumptions and the variety of award types that companies can use when calculating share-based compensation expense, management believes this additional information allows investors to make additional comparisons between our operating results and those of our peers. As these non-GAAP financial measures are not calculated in accordance with GAAP, they may not necessarily be comparable to similarly titled measures employed by other companies. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the comparable GAAP measures and should be used as a complement to, and in conjunction with, data presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Fiscal Years Ended November 30, 2022 2021 in thousands except per share amounts) Revenue 6,324,473 5,587,015 Foreign currency translation 
 195,200 Revenue in constant currency 6,519,673 5,587,015 Effect of excluding revenue of acquired and divested businesses (512,942) (37,911) Revenue in adjusted constant currency 6,006,731 5,549,104 Operating income 640,192 572,397 Acquisition-related and integration expenses 
 33,763 825 Amortization of intangibles 
 162,673 136,939 Share-based compensation 
 47,516 36,762 Gain on divestitures and related transaction costs (13,197) Non-GAAP operating income 884,144 733,726 Net income 435,049 405,577 Net income attributable to non-controlling interest 591 Interest expense and finance charges, net 
 70,076 23,046 Provision for income taxes 
 169,363 150,119 Other expense (income), net 
 (34,887) (6,345) Acquisition-related and integration expenses 
 33,763 825 Gain on divestitures and related transaction costs (13,197) Amortization of intangibles 
 162,673 136,939 Share-based compensation 
 47,516 36,762 Depreciation 
 146,864 140,236 Adjusted EBITDA 1,031,008 873,962 Operating margin 10.1 10.2 Non-GAAP operating margin 14.0 13.1 Adjusted EBITDA margin 16.3 15.6 Net income 435,049 405,577 Acquisition-related and integration expenses 
 33,763 825 Amortization of intangibles 
 162,673 136,939 Share-based compensation 
 47,516 36,762 Gain on divestitures and related transactions costs (13,197) Income taxes related to the above (1) 
 (61,959) (32,291) Non-GAAP net income 617,042 534,615 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Fiscal Years Ended November 30, 2022 2021 Diluted earnings per common share EPS 
 8.28 7.70 Acquisition-related and integration expenses 0.64 0.02 Amortization of intangibles 3.10 2.60 Share-based compensation 0.90 0.70 Gain on divestitures and related transaction costs (0.25) Income taxes related to the above (1) 
 (1.17) (0.62) Non-GAAP Diluted EPS 
 11.75 10.15 
 (1) The tax effect of taxable and deductible non-GAAP adjustments was calculated using the tax deductible portion of the expenses and applying the entity specific, statutory tax rates applicable to each item during the respective fiscal years. 
 
 Client Concentration 
 In fiscal year 2022, no client accounted for more than 10 of our consolidated revenue. Our largest client accounted for 11.9 of our revenue in fiscal year 2021. The revenue that we recognized from this client was earned under multiple contracts and statements of work. No other client accounted for more than 10 of our revenue in 2021. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our primary uses of cash are working capital, capital expenditures to expand our delivery footprint and enhance our technology solutions, debt repayments and acquisitions, including our fiscal year 2022 acquisitions of PK and ServiceSource. Our financing needs for these uses of cash have been a combination of operating cash flows and third-party debt arrangements. Our working capital needs are primarily to finance accounts receivable. When our revenue is increasing, our net investment in working capital typically increases. Conversely, when revenue is decreasing, our net investment in working capital typically decreases. To increase our market share and better serve our clients, we may further expand our operations through investments or acquisitions. We expect that such expansion would require an initial investment in working capital, personnel, facilities, and operations. These investments or acquisitions would likely be funded primarily by our existing cash and cash equivalents, available liquidity, including capacity on our debt arrangements, or the issuance of securities. 
 In September 2021, considering our strong free cash flow, low leverage and adequate liquidity to support capital return to stockholders while maintaining flexibility to pursue acquisitions, the Company s board of directors authorized a share repurchase program. Under the share repurchase program, the board of directors authorized the Company to purchase up to 500 million of our common stock from time to time as market and business conditions warrant, including through open market purchases or Rule 10b5-1 trading plans. The repurchase program has no termination date and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. During the fiscal years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, we purchased 841,979 and 138,455 shares, respectively, of our common stock under the program at an aggregate cost of approximately 120.8 million and 25.1 million, respectively. At November 30, 2022, 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 approximately 354.1 million remained available for share repurchases under the existing authorization from the Company s board of directors. 
 During fiscal years 2022 and 2021, the Company has paid the following dividends per share approved by the Company s board of directors: 
 Announcement Date Record Date Per Share Dividend Amount Payment Date September 27, 2021 October 22, 2021 0.25 November 2, 2021 January 18, 2022 January 28, 2022 0.25 February 8, 2022 March 29, 2022 April 29, 2022 0.25 May 10, 2022 June 27, 2022 July 29, 2022 0.25 August 9, 2022 September 8, 2022 October 28, 2022 0.275 November 8, 2022 
 On January 19, 2023, the Company announced a cash dividend of 0.275 per share to stockholders of record as of January 30, 2023, payable on February 10, 2023. 
 The board of directors expects that future cash dividends will be paid on a quarterly basis. However, any decision to pay future cash dividends will be subject to our board of directors approval, and will depend on many factors, such as our financial condition, earnings, capital requirements, debt service obligations, restrictive covenants in our debt agreements, industry practice, legal requirements, regulatory constraints, and other factors that our board of directors deems relevant. Our ability to pay dividends will depend on our ongoing ability to generate cash from operations and on our access to the capital markets. We cannot guarantee that we will continue to pay a dividend in the future. 
 Debt Arrangements 
 Credit Facility 
 On December 27, 2021, in connection with the closing of the acquisition of PK, we entered into an amended Credit Facility to (i) refinance the then-outstanding term loan (the Prior Term Loan with a new term loan, which was fully advanced, in the aggregate outstanding principal amount of 2,100 million (the Term Loan ), (ii) increase the commitments under our revolving credit facility (the Revolver to 1,000 million, (iii) extend the maturity of the Credit Facility from November 30, 2025 to December 27, 2026, (iv) replace LIBOR with SOFR as the primary reference rate used to calculate interest on the loans under the Credit Facility, and (v) modify the commitment fee on the unused portion of the Revolver and the margins in excess of the reference rates at which the loans under the Credit Facility bear interest. The proceeds from the Term Loan and additional borrowings under the Securitization Facility were used to repay the outstanding principal amount of the Prior Term Loan and to finance the acquisition of PK, including the repayment of certain indebtedness of PK and the payment of fees and expenses in connection with the acquisition. 
 Borrowings under the Credit Facility bear interest, in the case of term or daily SOFR loans, at a per annum rate equal to the applicable SOFR rate (but not less than 0.0 ), plus an adjustment of between 0.10 and 0.25 depending on the interest period of each SOFR loan, plus an applicable margin, which ranges from 1.25 to 2.00 , based on our consolidated leverage ratio. Borrowings under the Credit Facility that are base rate loans bear interest at a per annum rate equal to (i) the greatest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate in effect on such day plus of 1.00 , (b) the rate of interest last publicly announced by Bank of America as its prime rate and (c) the term SOFR rate plus 1.00 , plus (ii) an applicable margin, which ranges from 0.25 to 1.00 , based on our consolidated leverage ratio. A commitment fee is payable on the unused portion of the Revolver that ranges from 22.5 to 30 basis points, based on our consolidated leverage ratio. 
 Beginning August 31, 2022, the outstanding principal of the Term Loan became payable in quarterly installments of 26.25 million, with the unpaid balance due in full on the maturity date. During the fiscal year ended 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 November 30, 2022, we paid 225.0 million of the principal balance on the Term Loan, including 172.5 million of voluntary prepayments, without penalty. 
 
 We may request, subject to obtaining commitments from any participating lenders and certain other conditions, incremental commitments to increase the amount of the Revolver or the Term Loan available under the Credit Facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to 450 million, plus an additional amount, so long as after giving effect to the incurrence of such additional amount, our pro forma first lien leverage ratio (as defined in the Credit Facility) would not exceed 3.00 to 1.00. 
 Obligations under the Credit Facility are secured by substantially all of the assets of Concentrix Corporation and certain of its U.S. subsidiaries and are guaranteed by certain of its U.S. subsidiaries. 
 
 The Credit Facility contains various loan covenants that restrict the ability of Concentrix and its subsidiaries to take certain actions, including incurrence of indebtedness, creation of liens, mergers or consolidations, dispositions of assets, repurchase or redemption of capital stock, making certain investments, entering into certain transactions with affiliates or changing the nature of our business. In addition, the Credit Facility contains financial covenants that require us to maintain at the end of each fiscal quarter, (i) a consolidated leverage ratio (as defined in the Credit Facility) not to exceed 3.75 to 1.0 and (ii) a consolidated interest coverage ratio (as defined in the Credit Facility) equal to or greater than 3.00 to 1.0. The Credit Facility also contains various customary events of default, including payment defaults, defaults under certain other indebtedness, and a change of control of Concentrix. 
 
 Prior to it being amended in December 2021, we initially entered into our senior secured credit facility on October 16, 2020, to provide for the extension of revolving loans of up to 600 million and term loan borrowings of up to 900 million. On November 30, 2020, in connection with the spin-off, we incurred the full 900 million of term loan borrowings under the Credit Facility and 250 million of borrowings under the Securitization Facility. Substantially all of the proceeds from such borrowings, net of debt issuance costs, were transferred to TD SYNNEX on November 30, 2020 to eliminate debt owed by the Company to TD SYNNEX and in exchange for the contribution of certain Concentrix trademarks from TD SYNNEX to the Company. 
 
 Beginning May 31, 2021, the outstanding principal of the Prior Term Loan was payable in quarterly installments of 11.25 million, with the unpaid balance due in full on the maturity date. During the fiscal year ended November 30, 2021, we paid 200.0 million of the principal balance on the Prior Term Loan, including 166.25 million of voluntary prepayments, without penalty. 
 
 We had no outstanding borrowings on the Revolver as of November 30, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Securitization Facility 
 
 On July 6, 2022, we entered into an amendment to our Securitization Facility, which was initially entered into on October 30, 2020, to (i) increase the commitment of the lenders to provide available borrowings from up to 350 million to up to 500 million, (ii) extend the termination date of the Securitization Facility from October 28, 2022 to July 5, 2024, and (iii) replace LIBOR with SOFR as one of the reference rates used to calculate interest on borrowings under the Securitization Facility. In addition, the interest rate margins were amended, such that borrowings under the Securitization Facility that are funded through the issuance of commercial paper bear interest at the applicable commercial paper rate plus a spread of 0.70 and, otherwise, at a per annum rate equal to the applicable SOFR rate (which includes a SOFR related adjustment of 0.10 ), plus a spread of 0.80 . 
 
 Under the Securitization Facility, Concentrix and certain of its U.S. based subsidiaries (the Originators sell or otherwise transfer all of their accounts receivable to a special purpose bankruptcy-remote subsidiary of Concentrix that grants a security interest in the receivables to the lenders in exchange for available borrowings of up to 500 million. Borrowing availability under the Securitization Facility may be limited by our accounts receivable balances, changes in the credit ratings of our clients comprising the receivables, client concentration levels in the receivables, and certain characteristics of the accounts receivable being transferred (including factors tracking performance of the accounts receivable over time). 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

The Securitization Facility contains various affirmative and negative covenants, including a consolidated leverage ratio covenant that is consistent with the Credit Facility and customary events of default, including payment defaults, defaults under certain other indebtedness, a change in control of Concentrix, and certain events negatively affecting the overall credit quality of the transferred accounts receivable. 
 
 On November 30, 2020, in connection with the spin-off, we incurred 250 million of borrowings under the Securitization Facility. Substantially all of the proceeds from such borrowings were transferred to TD SYNNEX on November 30, 2020 to eliminate debt owed by Concentrix to TD SYNNEX and in exchange for the contribution of certain Concentrix trademarks from TD SYNNEX to Concentrix. 
 
 As of November 30, 2022, we were in compliance with the debt covenants related to our debt arrangements. 
 
 Cash Flows Fiscal Years Ended November 30, 2022 and 2021 
 The following summarizes our cash flows for the fiscal years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, as reported in our consolidated statement of cash flows in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 Fiscal Years Ended November 30, 2022 2021 in thousands) 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 600,720 514,178 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (1,839,279) (78,650) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 1,237,534 (401,871) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 (24,522) (6,998) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 (25,547) 26,659 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year 
 183,010 156,351 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year 
 157,463 183,010 
 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 600.7 million for fiscal year 2022 in comparison to 514.2 million for fiscal year 2021. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities over the prior year was primarily related to the increase in net income and changes in working capital and operating assets and liabilities. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities for fiscal year 2022 was 1,839.3 million in comparison to 78.7 million in fiscal year 2021. The increase in net cash used in investing activities over the prior year primarily related to aggregate cash paid in connection with our acquisitions of PK and ServiceSource of approximately 1.7 billion. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities in fiscal year 2022 was 1,237.5 million, consisting primarily of net proceeds of 1,400.0 million from the refinancing of the Prior Term Loan with the Term Loan under our Credit Facility and net proceeds of 251.5 million from borrowings under our Securitization Facility. The increases were offset primarily by payments of 225.0 million made on the Term Loan, repurchases of our common stock of 133.3 million, including repurchases under our share repurchase program and shares withheld upon the vesting of share-based awards to satisfy tax withholding obligations, and dividends paid of 53.4 million. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Net cash used in financing activities in fiscal year 2021 was 401.9 million, consisting primarily of principal payments of 200.0 million on borrowings under our Credit Facility, net payments of 145.0 million on borrowings under our Securitization Facility, repurchases of our common stock of 57.5 million, including repurchases under our share repurchase program and shares withheld upon the vesting of share-based awards to satisfy tax withholding obligations, and dividends paid of 13.1 million. 
 We believe our current cash balances and credit availability are enough to support our operating activities for at least the next twelve months. 
 Free Cash Flow (a non-GAAP measure) 
 Fiscal Years Ended November 30, 2022 2021 in thousands) 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 600,720 514,178 Purchases of property and equipment 
 (140,018) (149,079) Free cash flow (a non-GAAP measure) 
 460,702 365,099 
 Our free cash flow was 460.7 million in fiscal year 2022, compared to 365.1 million in fiscal year 2021. The increase in free cash flow in fiscal year 2022 over the prior year primarily reflects increased net cash provided by operating activities as a result of the increase in net income and a decrease in capital expenditures. 
 Capital Resources 
 As of November 30, 2022, we had total liquidity of 1,288.9 million, which includes undrawn Revolver capacity of 1,000 million under our Credit Facility, undrawn capacity of 143.5 million under our Securitization Facility, and cash and cash equivalents. 
 Our cash and cash equivalents totaled 145.4 million and 182.0 million as of November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Of our total cash and cash equivalents, 97 and 87 were held by our non-U.S. legal entities as of November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The cash and cash equivalents held by our non-U.S. legal entities are no longer subject to U.S. federal tax on repatriation into the United States; repatriation of some non-U.S. balances is restricted by local laws. Historically, we have fully utilized and reinvested all non-U.S. cash to fund our international operations and expansion; however, the Company has recorded deferred tax liabilities related to non-U.S. withholding taxes on the earnings of certain previously acquired non-U.S. entities that are likely to be repatriated in the future. If in the future our intentions change, and we repatriate the cash back to the United States, we will report in our consolidated financial statements the impact of the state and withholding taxes depending upon the planned timing and manner of such repatriation. Presently, we believe we have sufficient resources, cash flow and liquidity within the United States to fund current and expected future working capital, investment and other general corporate funding requirements. 
 We believe that our available cash and cash equivalents balances, the cash flows expected to be generated from operations, and our sources of liquidity will be sufficient to satisfy our current and planned working capital and investment needs for the next twelve months. We also believe that our longer-term working capital, planned capital expenditures and other general corporate funding requirements will be satisfied through cash flows from operations and, to the extent necessary, from our borrowing facilities and future financial market activities. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Material Cash Requirements, including Contractual Obligations to Third Parties 
 The following table summarizes our material cash requirements from known contractual or other obligations as of November 30, 2022 that are not disclosed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 Payments Due by Period Total Less than 1 Year 1 - 3 Years 3 - 5 Years >5 Years (in thousands) Certain Contractual Obligations: Interest on financing agreements (a) 446,417 123,733 218,693 103,991 Defined benefit plan funding (b) 77,198 9,811 13,237 54,150 
 (a) Cash obligations for required interest payments on our variable-rate debt obligations at the current rates as of November 30, 2022. 
 (b) Includes projected contributions to achieve minimum funding objectives for our cash balance pension plan. 
 As of November 30, 2022, we have established a reserve of 78.5 million for unrecognized tax benefits. As we are unable to reasonably predict the timing of settlement related to these unrecognized tax benefits, the table above excludes such liabilities. 
 We currently expect our 2023 capital expenditures to be approximately 140 million to 160 million, which includes investments to support our growth and maintenance capital expenditures. 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Market Risk 
 We are and will be exposed to a variety of market risks, including the effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. Market risk is the potential loss arising from changes in market rates and prices. Our risk management strategy includes managing these risks through our regular operating and financing activities and, when appropriate, through the use of derivative financial instruments. We utilize derivative financial instruments to hedge economic exposures, as well as reduce earnings and cash flow volatility resulting from shifts in market rates. In using derivative financial instruments to hedge our exposures to changes in exchange rates, we expose ourselves to counterparty credit risk. We manage our exposure to counterparty credit risk by entering into derivative financial instruments with investment grade-rated institutions that can be expected to perform fully under the terms of the agreements and by diversifying the financial institutions with which we enter into such agreements. There can be no guarantee that the risk management activities that we have entered into will be sufficient to fully offset market risk or reduce earnings and cash flow volatility resulting from shifts in market rates. See Note 7 of the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional discussion of our financial risk management. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 While approximately 68 of our revenue is priced in U.S. dollars, we recognize a substantial amount of revenue under contracts that are denominated in euros, British pounds, Australian dollars and Japanese yen, among other currencies. A significant increase in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to these currencies may have a material adverse effect on the value of those services when translated into U.S. dollars. 
 We serve many of our U.S.-based, European and British clients from our CX delivery centers located around the world. As a result, a substantial portion of the costs to deliver these services are denominated in the local currency of the country where the services are performed. This creates foreign exchange exposure for us. As of November 30, 2022, we have hedged a portion of our exposure related to the anticipated cash flow requirements denominated in certain foreign currencies by entering into hedging contracts with institutions to acquire a total of PHP 37,780.0 million at a fixed price of 687.2 million at various dates through November 2024; and INR 24,810.0 million at a fixed price of 303.2 million at various dates through November 2024. The fair value of these derivative instruments as of November 30, 2022 is presented in Note 8 of the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The potential loss in fair value at November 30, 2022 for such contracts resulting from a hypothetical 10 adverse change in the underlying foreign currency exchange rates is approximately 96.4 million. This loss would be substantially mitigated by corresponding gains on the underlying foreign currency exposures. 
 Other foreign currency exposures arise from transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency. We periodically enter into hedging contracts that are not denominated as hedges. The purpose of these derivative instruments is to mitigate the risk of foreign currency exposure related to receivables, payables and intercompany transactions that are denominated in currencies that are different from the functional currencies of our respective legal entities that are party to the transactions. As of November 30, 2022, the fair value of these derivatives not designated as hedges was a net receivable of 7.9 million. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 At November 30, 2022, all of our outstanding debt under our Credit Facility and our Securitization Facility is variable rate debt, which exposes the Company to changes in interest rates. Holding other variables constant, including the total amount of outstanding indebtedness, a one hundred basis point increase in interest rates on our variable-rate debt would cause an estimated increase in interest expense of approximately 22.3 million per year. 

48 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Page Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of Concentrix Corporation: Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 50 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 51 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of November 30, 2022 and 2021 
 54 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 55 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 56 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 57 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 58 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 59 

49 

Table of Contents 

 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of ours are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Our evaluation of internal control over financial reporting did not include internal controls of PK and ServiceSource, which we acquired during the first quarter and third quarter of fiscal year 2022, respectively. These fiscal year 2022 acquisitions represented 27.9 of our total assets (of which 24.4 represented goodwill and intangible assets included within the scope of the assessment) and 8.1 of our total revenue as of and for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2022. We have included the financial results of the acquired operations in the consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. Based on this assessment, our management has concluded that, as of November 30, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective at the reasonable assurance level based on those criteria. 
 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of November 30, 2022 has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears beginning on the following page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 Concentrix Corporation: 
 
 Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Concentrix Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) as of November 30, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended November 30, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of November 30, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of November 30, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended November 30, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of November 30, 2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 
 The Company acquired PK and ServiceSource during the year-ended November 30, 2022, and management excluded from its assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of November 30, 2022, PK and ServiceSource s internal control over financial reporting associated with total assets of 27.9 (of which 24.4 represented goodwill and intangible assets included within the scope of the assessment) and total revenue of 8.1 included in the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the year ended November 30, 2022. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of the Company also excluded an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of PK and ServiceSource. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Fair value of acquired intangible assets 
 As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, on December 27, 2021, the Company acquired PK in a transaction accounted for as a business combination. As a result of the transaction, the Company recognized an acquired customer relationships intangible asset associated with the generation of future income from PK s existing customers. The acquisition-date fair value of the customer relationships intangible asset was 398,600. 
 
 We identified the evaluation of the acquisition-date fair value of the customer relationships intangible asset as a critical audit matter. Specifically, a high degree of subjective auditor judgment was required to evaluate the revenue growth rate and margin assumptions within the discounted cash flows model used to estimate the acquisition-date fair value of the customer relationships intangible asset. There was limited observable market information related to the revenue growth rate and margin assumptions and the estimated acquisition-date fair value of the customer relationships intangible asset was sensitive to minor changes in these assumptions. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s acquisition-date valuation process, including controls over the revenue growth rate and margin assumptions noted above. We evaluated the forecasted revenue growth rates and margins by comparing them to the historical revenue growth rates and margins of PK. We evaluated the relevance and reliability of the historical revenue growth rates and margins by understanding the source of the information, how the information was obtained and making inquiries with Company management. We compared the Company s forecast of PK s fiscal year 2022 revenue growth and margin to PK s actual revenue growth and margin for the year to assess the Company s ability to accurately forecast. We involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 assisted in evaluating the revenue growth rates and margins used by the Company by comparing the assumptions to those of market participants. 
 
 Sufficiency of audit evidence over revenue 
 As discussed in Notes 2 and 10 to the consolidated financial statements, and presented in the consolidated statement of operations, the Company reported revenue of 6,324,473 for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2022. Revenue is generated primarily from the provision of Customer Experience solutions and technology to its clients. The Company recognizes revenue from contracts, and accounts for a contract with a client, when it has written approval, the contract is committed, the rights of the parties, including payment terms, are identified, the contract has commercial substance, and consideration is probable of collection. The Company operates in over 40 countries across six continents, with significant concentrations in the Philippines, India, the United States, the United Kingdom, throughout Europe, China, and Japan. 
 
 We identified the evaluation of the sufficiency of audit evidence over revenue as a critical audit matter. Evaluating the sufficiency of audit evidence obtained required especially subjective auditor judgment because of the geographical dispersion of the Company s revenue generating activities. This included determining the locations for which procedures were performed and evaluating the evidence obtained over revenue. 
 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We applied auditor judgment to determine the nature and extent of procedures to be performed over revenue, including the determination of the locations at which those procedures were performed. For each location for which procedures were performed, we evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the revenue process, including controls related to the appropriate recording of revenue. For a sample of transactions, we compared the amounts recognized as revenue for consistency with relevant underlying documentation, including contracts and other third-party evidence. We evaluated the sufficiency of the audit evidence obtained over revenue by assessing the results of the procedures performed, including the appropriateness of the nature and extent of such evidence. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 

January 27, 2023 

53 

Table of Contents 

 CONCENTRIX CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (currency and share amounts in thousands, except par value) 
 November 30, 2022 November 30, 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Deferred tax assets Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Current portion of long-term debt Accrued compensation and benefits Other accrued liabilities Income taxes payable Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net Other long-term liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 15) Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized and shares issued and outstanding as of November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued as of November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and and shares outstanding as of November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock, and shares as of November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 ) ) Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 CONCENTRIX CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (currency and share amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 Fiscal Years Ended November 30, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue Cost of revenue Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Operating income Interest expense and finance charges, net Other expense (income), net ) ) ) Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income before non-controlling interest Less: Net income attributable to non-controlling interest Net income attributable to Concentrix Corporation Earnings per common share: Basic Diluted Weighted-average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

55 

Table of Contents 

 CONCENTRIX CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (currency in thousands) 
 
 Fiscal Years Ended November 30, 2022 2021 2020 Net income before non-controlling interest Other comprehensive income (loss): Unrealized gains (losses) of defined benefit plans, net of taxes of ), ), and for fiscal years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 ) Unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges during the period, net of taxes of , , and ) for fiscal years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 ) ) Reclassification of net (gains) losses on cash flow hedges to net income, net of taxes of ), , and for fiscal years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 ) ) Total change in unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges, net of taxes ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of taxes of for fiscal years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income Less: Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interest Comprehensive income attributable to Concentrix Corporation 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

56 

Table of Contents 

 CONCENTRIX CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (currency and share amounts in thousands) 
 Concentrix Corporation Stockholders Equity Common Stock Treasury stock Redeemable non-controlling interest Shares Amount Additional paid-in capital Shares Amount Retained earnings Former parent company investment Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Total Balances, November 30, 2019 ) Share-based compensation Capital contribution Transfers from former parent ) ) Other comprehensive income Hypothetical current tax expense recorded for separate return basis presentation Net income Balances, November 30, 2020 ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Reclassification of net former parent investment in Concentrix ) Issuance of common stock at separation and spin-off ) Share-based compensation activity Repurchase of common stock for tax withholdings on equity awards ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Dividends ) ) Net income Balances, November 30, 2021 ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Equity awards issued as acquisition purchase consideration Acquisition of non-controlling interest in subsidiary Net income attributable to non-controlling interest Purchase of non-controlling interest in subsidiary ) Share-based compensation activity Repurchase of common stock for tax withholdings on equity awards ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Dividends ) ) Net income Balances, November 30, 2022 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

57 

Table of Contents 

 CONCENTRIX CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (currency in thousands) 
 
 Fiscal Years Ended November 30, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income before non-controlling interest Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation Amortization Non-cash share-based compensation Provision for doubtful accounts ) Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Hypothetical current tax expense recorded for separate return basis presentation Unrealized foreign exchange loss (gain) ) Gain on divestitures and related transaction costs ) Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net ) ) ) Payable to former parent ) Accounts payable ) Other operating assets and liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Repayments of loan to non-Concentrix subsidiary of former parent as part of its centralized treasury operations Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Acquisitions of business, net of cash and restricted cash acquired ) ) ) Proceeds from divestitures, net of cash sold Other investments ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from the Credit Facility - Term Loan Repayments of the Credit Facility - Term Loan ) Proceeds from the Credit Facility - Prior Term Loan Repayments of the Credit Facility - Prior Term Loan ) ) Proceeds from the Securitization Facility Repayments of the Securitization Facility ) ) Cash paid for debt issuance costs ) ) Repayments of borrowings from former parent ) Purchase of non-controlling interest in subsidiary ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Repurchase of common stock for tax withholdings on equity awards ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Dividends paid ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of year Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Interest paid on borrowings Income taxes paid Non-cash capital contribution from former parent Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing activities: Accrued costs for property and equipment purchases The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 CONCENTRIX CORPORATION 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (currency and share amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 

NOTE 1 
 primary industry verticals. The Company s primary verticals are technology and consumer electronics, retail, travel and e-commerce, communications and media, banking, financial services and insurance, and healthcare. 
 On December 1, 2020, Concentrix and the CX business were separated from SYNNEX Corporation, now known as TD SYNNEX Corporation TD SYNNEX or the former parent ), through a tax-free distribution of all of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company s common stock to TD SYNNEX stockholders (such separation and distribution, the spin-off ). TD SYNNEX stockholders received share of the Company s common stock for each share of TD SYNNEX common stock held as of the close of business on November 17, 2020. As a result of the spin-off, the Company became an independent public company and the Company s common stock commenced trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq under the symbol CNXC on December 1, 2020. 
 In connection with the spin-off, on November 30, 2020, the Company entered into a separation and distribution agreement, an employee matters agreement, a tax matters agreement and a commercial agreement with TD SYNNEX to set forth the principal actions to be taken in connection with the spin-off and define the Company s ongoing relationship with TD SYNNEX after the spin-off. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

60 

Table of Contents 

61 

Table of Contents 

- years 
 Software - years 
 Leasehold improvements - years 
 Buildings and building improvements - years 

62 

Table of Contents 

 - years 
 Technology years Trade names - years 
 Non-compete agreements years 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 and , respectively, of the Company s consolidated revenue. 
 and , respectively, of the Company s total accounts receivable balance. 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 

65 

Table of Contents 

66 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 3 
 staff in four countries. PK creates pioneering experiences that accelerate digital outcomes for their clients customers, partners and staff. The acquisition of PK expands the Company s scale in the digital IT services market and supports the Company s growth strategy of investing in digital transformation to deliver exceptional customer experiences. The addition of the PK staff and technology to the Company s team further strengthened its capabilities in CX design and development, artificial intelligence AI ), intelligent automation, and customer loyalty. 
 Purchase price consideration 
 The total purchase price consideration, net of cash and restricted cash acquired, for the acquisition of PK was million, which was funded by proceeds from the Company s new term loan (the Term Loan under its amended senior secured credit facility (the Credit Facility and additional borrowings under its accounts receivable securitization facility (the Securitization Facility ). See Note 9 Borrowings for a further discussion of the Term Loan, the Credit Facility and the Securitization Facility. 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Cash consideration for PK vested equity awards (2) 
 Cash consideration for repayment of PK debt, including accrued interest (3) 
 Cash consideration for transaction expenses of PK (4) 
 Total cash consideration Non-cash equity consideration for conversion of PK equity awards (5) 
 Total consideration transferred Less: Cash and restricted cash acquired (6) 
 Total purchase price consideration 
 
 (1) Represents the cash consideration paid for the outstanding shares of PK s common stock, which includes the final settlement of the merger consideration adjustment paid pursuant to the merger agreement. 
 (2) Represents the cash consideration paid for certain vested PK stock option awards and restricted stock awards. 
 (3) Represents the cash consideration paid to retire PK s outstanding third-party debt, including accrued interest. 
 (4) Represents the cash consideration paid for expenses incurred by PK in connection with the merger and paid by Concentrix pursuant to the merger agreement. These expenses primarily related to third-party consulting services. 
 (5) Represents the issuance of vested Concentrix stock options that were issued in conversion of certain vested PK stock options that were assumed by Concentrix pursuant to the merger agreement. 
 (6) Represents the PK cash and restricted cash balance acquired at the acquisition. 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 Accounts receivable Property and equipment Operating lease right-of-use assets Identifiable intangible assets Goodwill Other assets Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed and non-controlling interest: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Operating lease liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Non-controlling interest Total liabilities assumed and non-controlling interest Total consideration transferred 
 
 The purchase price allocation includes of acquired identifiable intangible assets, all of which have finite lives. The fair value of the identifiable intangible assets has been estimated by using the income approach through a discounted cash flow analysis of certain cash flow projections. The cash flow projections are based on forecasts used by the Company to price the PK acquisition, and the discount rates applied were benchmarked by referencing the implied rate of return of the Company s pricing model and the weighted average cost of capital. The intangible assets are being amortized over their estimated useful lives on either a straight-line basis or an accelerated method that reflects the economic benefit of the asset. The determination of the useful lives is based upon various industry studies, historical acquisition experience, economic factors, and future forecasted cash flows of the Company following the acquisition of PK. 

69 

Table of Contents 

 years Technology years Trade name years Non-compete agreements years Total 
 
 Supplemental Pro Forma Information (unaudited) 
 
 The supplemental pro forma financial information presented below is for illustrative purposes only, does not include the pro forma adjustments that would be required under Regulation S-X for pro forma financial information, is not necessarily indicative of the financial position or results of operations that would have been realized if the PK acquisition had been completed on December 1, 2020, does not reflect synergies that might have been achieved, nor is it indicative of future operating results or financial position. The pro forma adjustments are based upon currently available information and certain assumptions that the Company believes are reasonable under the circumstances. 
 
 The supplemental pro forma financial information reflects pro forma adjustments to present the combined pro forma results of operations as if the PK acquisition had occurred on December 1, 2020 to give effect to certain events that the Company believes to be directly attributable to the PK acquisition. These pro forma adjustments primarily include: 
 
 An increase in amortization expense that would have been recognized due to acquired identifiable intangible assets. 
 An adjustment to interest expense to reflect the additional borrowings of Concentrix under the Credit Facility and the repayment of PK s historical debt in conjunction with the acquisition. 
 The related income tax effects of the adjustments noted above. 
 
 Net income 
 
 ServiceSource Acquisition 
 
 Background 
 
 On July 20, 2022, the Company completed its acquisition of ServiceSource International, Inc. ServiceSource ), a global outsourced go-to-market services provider, delivering business-to-business B2B digital sales and customer success solutions that complemented Concentrix offerings in this area. 
 Purchase price consideration 
 The total purchase price consideration, net of cash acquired, for the acquisition of ServiceSource was million, which was primarily funded by cash on the Company s balance sheet, as well as borrowings under the Company s Securitization Facility. 

70 

Table of Contents 

 Cash consideration for ServiceSource vested and unvested equity awards (2) 
 Cash consideration for repayment of ServiceSource debt, including accrued interest (3) 
 Total consideration transferred Less: Cash and restricted cash acquired (4) 
 Total purchase price consideration 
 
 (1) Represents the cash consideration paid for the outstanding shares of ServiceSource s common stock. 
 (2) Represents the cash consideration paid or to be paid for vested and unvested ServiceSource stock option awards, restricted stock units and performance stock units. 
 (3) Represents the cash consideration paid to retire ServiceSource s outstanding third-party debt, including accrued interest. 
 (4) Represents the ServiceSource cash and restricted cash balance acquired at the acquisition. 
 Preliminary purchase price allocation 
 
 The purchase price was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on management s estimate of the respective fair values at the date of acquisition. Goodwill was calculated as the excess of the consideration transferred over the net assets recognized and represents the estimated future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired that could not be individually identified and separately recognized. The factors contributing to the recognition of goodwill were the assembled workforce, high-value service delivery capabilities and strategic benefits that are expected to be realized from the acquisition. None of the goodwill is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 Accounts receivable Property and equipment Operating lease right-of-use assets Identifiable intangible assets Goodwill Net deferred tax assets Other assets Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Operating lease liabilities Total liabilities assumed Total consideration transferred 
 
 As of November 30, 2022, the purchase price allocation is preliminary. The preliminary purchase price allocation was based upon a preliminary valuation, and the Company s estimates and assumptions are subject to change within the measurement period (not to exceed twelve months following the acquisition date). The primary areas of the preliminary purchase price allocation that are not yet finalized relate to the valuation of identifiable intangible assets acquired, the fair value of certain tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, and deferred income taxes. The Company expects to continue to obtain information for the purpose of determining the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed on the acquisition date throughout the remainder of the measurement period. During the three months ended November 30, 2022, measurement period adjustments were recorded to estimate net deferred tax assets at the acquired value as disclosed in the table above, resulting in a corresponding decrease to goodwill. 
 
 The preliminary purchase price allocation includes of acquired identifiable intangible assets, all of which have finite lives. The preliminary fair value of the identifiable intangible assets has been estimated using the income approach through a discounted cash flow analysis of certain cash flow projections. The intangible assets are being amortized over their estimated useful lives on either a straight-line basis or an accelerated method that reflects the economic benefit of the asset. The determination of the useful lives is based upon various industry studies, historical acquisition experience, economic factors, and future forecasted cash flows of the Company following the acquisition of ServiceSource. 

72 

Table of Contents 

 years Technology years Trade name years Total 
 
 Results of acquired operations 
 
 The results of the acquired operations of PK and ServiceSource have been included in the consolidated financial statements since the respective acquisition dates. 
 
 Loss before income taxes ) 
 
 In connection with the acquisitions, the Company incurred of acquisition-related and integration expenses for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2022. These expenses primarily include legal and professional services, cash-settled awards, severance and retention payments and costs associated with lease terminations to integrate the businesses. These acquisition-related and integration expenses were recorded within selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 
 Divestitures 
 
 In July 2021, the Company completed the sales of its insurance third-party administration operations and software platform, Concentrix Insurance Solutions CIS ), and another non-CX solutions business in separate transactions for total cash consideration of approximately . The divestitures generated a pre-tax gain of approximately , net of related transaction costs. The gain on divestitures and related transaction costs were included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2021. 
 
 NOTE 4 
 shares of Concentrix common stock were reserved for issuance under the Concentrix Stock Incentive Plan, and shares of Concentrix common stock were authorized for issuance under the Concentrix ESPP. In December 2021, additional shares of Concentrix common stock were reserved for issuance under the Concentrix Stock Incentive Plan resulting from an automatic annual increase pursuant to the terms of the plan. 
 Prior to the spin-off, certain of the Company s employees participated in a long-term incentive plan sponsored by TD SYNNEX. The Company recognized share-based compensation expense for all share-based awards made to Concentrix employees, including employee stock options, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, performance-based restricted stock units and employee stock purchases, based on estimated fair values. In connection with the completion of the spin-off and pursuant to the employee matters agreement with TD SYNNEX, each outstanding TD SYNNEX share-based award as of the distribution date was converted into either (a) TD SYNNEX and Concentrix share-based awards, each with the same number of shares as the original TD SYNNEX 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 restricted stock awards and restricted stock units and stock options were issued under the Concentrix Stock Incentive Plan. Following the conversion, it was determined that the share-based awards were modified in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance. As a result, the fair values of the share-based awards immediately before and after the modification were assessed in order to determine if the modification resulted in any incremental compensation cost related to the awards. Based on the analysis performed, including consideration of the anti-dilution feature contained in the TD SYNNEX stock incentive plan, it was determined that the conversion resulted in an immaterial amount of incremental compensation cost for the outstanding awards. 
 Tax benefit recorded in the provision for income taxes ) ) ) Effect on net income 
 Share-based compensation expense is included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 Employee Stock Options 
 The Company uses the Black-Scholes valuation model to estimate the fair value of stock options. The Black-Scholes option-pricing model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of short-lived exchange traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. In addition, option-pricing models require the input of subjective assumptions, including the option s expected life and the price volatility of the underlying stock. The stock options have terms and vesting terms of . 
 Options granted 
 Balance as of November 30, 2020 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 Options granted Options exercised ) Balance as of November 30, 2021 Options granted Options issued in conversion of certain vested PK stock options (2) 
 Options exercised ) Balance as of November 30, 2022 
 (1) Amounts represent Concentrix awards, including those held by TD SYNNEX employees. 
 (2) Amounts represent the issuance of vested Concentrix stock options that were issued in conversion of certain vested PK stock options that were assumed by Concentrix pursuant to the merger agreement with PK. 
 
 The fair value of the stock options issued in conversion of certain vested PK stock options during fiscal year 2022 is per share. As of November 30, 2022, options were outstanding with a weighted-average life of years and an aggregate pre-tax intrinsic value of . As of November 30, 2022, options were vested and exercisable with a weighted-average life of years, a weighted-average exercise price of per share, and an aggregate pre-tax intrinsic value of . 
 As of November 30, 2022, the unamortized share-based compensation expense related to unvested stock options under the Concentrix Stock Incentive Plan was , which will be recognized over an estimated weighted-average amortization period of years. 
 Restricted Stock Awards, Restricted Stock Units and Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units 
 The fair value of restricted stock awards and restricted stock units granted under the Concentrix Stock Incentive Plan in fiscal year 2022 were determined based on the Company s stock price at the date of grant. The awards are expensed on a straight line basis over the vesting term, typically four or . The holders of restricted stock awards are entitled to the same voting, dividend and other rights as the Company s common stockholders. 
 
 In fiscal year 2022, the Company granted performance-based restricted stock units, which included annual awards to the Company s senior executive team and retention and new hire awards to staff who joined the Company as part of the PK acquisition. The performance-based restricted stock units will vest, if at all, upon the achievement of certain annual financial targets during the three-year periods ending November 30, 2024 and August 31, 2025. 
 
 The Company granted performance-based restricted stock units in fiscal year 2021. These performance-based restricted stock units will vest, if at all, upon achievement of certain annual financial targets during the three-year period ending November 30, 2023. 

75 

Table of Contents 

 Awards granted Units granted 
 Awards and units vested ) Awards and units cancelled/forfeited 
 ) Non-vested as of November 30, 2020 
 A summary of the changes in the non-vested restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, and performance-based stock units during fiscal years 2021 and 2022, including the conversion of former parent awards and stock units previously discussed, is presented below: 
 Number of shares 
 (in thousands) 
 Weighted-average, 
 grant-date 
 fair value per share 
 Balance as of December 1, 2020 (converted from former parent awards and units in connection with the spin-off) (1) 
 Awards granted Units granted (2) 
 Awards and units vested ) Awards and units cancelled/forfeited ) Non-vested as of November 30, 2021 Awards granted Units granted (2) 
 Awards and units vested ) Awards and units cancelled/forfeited ) Non-vested as of November 30, 2022 
 (1) Amounts represent Concentrix awards, including those held by TD SYNNEX employees. 
 (2) For performance-based restricted stock units, the target number of shares that can be awarded upon full vesting of the grants is included. 
 
 of total unamortized share-based compensation expense related to non-vested restricted stock awards, restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units granted under the Concentrix Stock Incentive Plan. That cost is expected to be recognized over an estimated weighted-average amortization period of years. 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 5 
 Restricted cash included in other current assets Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 Restricted cash balances relate primarily to funds held for clients, restrictions placed on cash deposits by banks as collateral for the issuance of bank guarantees and the terms of a government grant, and letters of credit for leases. 
 Unbilled accounts receivable Less: Allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) Accounts receivable, net 
 
 Net additions (reductions) ) Write-offs and reclassifications ) ) ) Balance at end of period 

77 

Table of Contents 

 Equipment, computers and software Furniture and fixtures Buildings, building improvements and leasehold improvements Construction-in-progress Total property and equipment, gross Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Shown below are the countries where 10 or more of the Company s property and equipment, net are located as of November 30, 2022 and 2021: 
 As of November 30, 2022 2021 Property and equipment, net: United States Philippines India Others Total 
 
 78 

Table of Contents ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification ) ) ) Reclassification of (gains) losses from other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance, November 30, 2021 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassification ) ) ) Reclassification of gains from other comprehensive income (loss) Balance, November 30, 2022 ) ) ) ) 
 Refer to Note 7 Derivative Instruments for the location of gains and losses on cash flow hedges reclassified from other comprehensive income (loss) to the consolidated statements of operations. Reclassifications of amortization of actuarial (gains) losses of defined benefit plans is recorded in Other expense (income), net in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 
 NOTE 6 
 
 Acquisitions Divestitures ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Balance, end of year 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 

) ) Technology ) ) Trade names ) ) Non-compete agreements ) ) ) 
 
 , , and for the fiscal years ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and the related estimated expense for the five subsequent fiscal years and thereafter is as follows: 
 Fiscal Years Ending November 30, Amortization Expense 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 years. 

NOTE 7 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 Other current assets 
 Other accrued liabilities 
 Derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges: Foreign exchange forward contracts (notional value) Other current assets and other assets 
 Other accrued liabilities and other long-term liabilities 
 
 Volume of activity 
 The notional amounts of foreign exchange forward contracts represent the gross amounts of foreign currency, including, principally, the Philippine peso, the Indian rupee, the Canadian dollar, the Japanese yen and the Australian dollar, that will be bought or sold at maturity. The notional amounts for outstanding derivative instruments provide one measure of the transaction volume outstanding and do not represent the amount of the Company s exposure to credit or market loss. The Company s exposure to credit loss and market risk will vary over time as currency exchange rates change. 
 
 81 

Table of Contents ) Gains (losses) reclassified from AOCI into income: Foreign exchange forward contracts 
 (Loss) gain reclassified from AOCI into income 
 Cost of revenue for services 
 ) (Loss) gain reclassified from AOCI into income 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 ) Total ) Derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments: (Loss) gain recognized from foreign exchange forward contracts, net (1) 
 Other expense (income), net 
 ) ) 
 (1) The gains and losses largely offset the currency gains and losses that resulted from changes in the assets and liabilities denominated in nonfunctional currencies. 
 There were no material gain or loss amounts excluded from the assessment of effectiveness. Existing net losses in AOCI that are expected to be reclassified into earnings in the normal course of business within the next twelve months are . 
 Offsetting of Derivatives 
 In the consolidated balance sheets, the Company does not offset derivative assets against liabilities in master netting arrangements. 
 Credit exposure for derivative financial instruments is limited to the amounts, if any, by which the counterparties obligations under the contracts exceed the Company s obligations to the counterparties. The Company manages the potential risk of credit losses through careful evaluation of counterparty credit standing and selection of counterparties from a limited group of financial institutions with high credit standing. 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 8 
 Foreign government bond Forward foreign currency exchange contracts Liabilities: Forward foreign currency exchange contracts 
 The Company s cash equivalents consist primarily of highly liquid investments in money market funds and term deposits with maturity periods of three months or less. The carrying values of cash equivalents approximate fair value since they are near their maturity. Investment in a foreign government bond classified as an available-for-sale debt security is recorded at fair value based on quoted market prices. The fair values of forward exchange contracts are measured based on the foreign currency spot and forward rates. Fair values of long-term foreign currency exchange contracts are measured using valuations based upon quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets and are valued by reference to similar financial instruments, adjusted for terms specific to the contracts. The effect of nonperformance risk on the fair value of derivative instruments was not material as of November 30, 2022 and 2021. 
 The carrying values of term deposits with maturities less than one year, accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate fair value due to their short maturities and interest rates that are variable in nature. The carrying values of the outstanding balance on the Term Loan under the Company s Credit Facility and the outstanding balance on the Securitization Facility approximate their fair values since they bear interest rates that are similar to existing market rates. 
 During fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, there were no transfers between the fair value measurement category levels. 
 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 9 
 Current portion of long-term debt Credit Facility - Term Loan component Credit Facility - Prior Term Loan component Securitization Facility Long-term debt, before unamortized debt discount and issuance costs Less: unamortized debt discount and issuance costs ) ) Long-term debt, net 
 Credit Facility 
 On December 27, 2021, in connection with the closing of the acquisition of PK, Concentrix entered into an amended senior secured credit facility (the Credit Facility to (i) refinance the then-outstanding term loan (the Prior Term Loan with a new term loan, which was fully advanced, in the aggregate outstanding principal amount of (the Term Loan ), (ii) increase the commitments under its revolving credit facility to (the Revolver ), (iii) extend the maturity of the Credit Facility from November 30, 2025 to December 27, 2026, (iv) replace LIBOR with SOFR (the Secured Overnight Financing Rate) as the primary reference rate used to calculate interest on the loans under the Credit Facility, and (v) modify the commitment fee on the unused portion of the Revolver and the margins in excess of the reference rates at which the loans under the Credit Facility bear interest. The proceeds from the Term Loan and additional borrowings under the Securitization Facility were used to repay the outstanding principal amount of the Prior Term Loan and to finance the acquisition of PK, including the repayment of certain indebtedness of PK and the payment of fees and expenses in connection with the acquisition of PK. 
 Borrowings under the Credit Facility bear interest, in the case of term or daily SOFR loans, at a per annum rate equal to the applicable SOFR rate (but not less than ), plus an adjustment of between and depending on the interest period of each SOFR loan, plus an applicable margin, which ranges from to , based on Concentrix consolidated leverage ratio. Borrowings under the Credit Facility that are base rate loans bear interest at a per annum rate equal to (i) the greatest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate in effect on such day plus of 1.00 , (b) the rate of interest last publicly announced by Bank of America as its prime rate and (c) the term SOFR rate plus , plus (ii) an applicable margin, which ranges from to , based on Concentrix consolidated leverage ratio. A commitment fee is payable on the unused portion of the Revolver that ranges from to basis points, based on Concentrix consolidated leverage ratio. 
 Beginning August 31, 2022, the outstanding principal of the Term Loan became payable in quarterly installments of , with the unpaid balance due in full on the maturity date. During the fiscal year ended November 30, 2022, the Company paid of the principal balance on the Term Loan, including of voluntary prepayments, without penalty. 
 Concentrix may request, subject to obtaining commitments from any participating lenders and certain other conditions, incremental commitments to increase the amount of the Revolver or the Term Loan available under the Credit Facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to , plus an additional amount, so long as after giving 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 to 1.00. 
 Obligations under the Credit Facility are secured by substantially all of the assets of Concentrix Corporation and certain of its U.S. subsidiaries and are guaranteed by certain of its U.S. subsidiaries. 
 The Credit Facility contains various loan covenants that restrict the ability of Concentrix and its subsidiaries to take certain actions, including incurrence of indebtedness, creation of liens, mergers or consolidations, dispositions of assets, repurchase or redemption of capital stock, making certain investments, entering into certain transactions with affiliates or changing the nature of their business. In addition, the Credit Facility contains financial covenants that require Concentrix to maintain at the end of each fiscal quarter, (i) a consolidated leverage ratio (as defined in the Credit Facility) not to exceed to 1.0 and (ii) a consolidated interest coverage ratio (as defined in the Credit Facility) equal to or greater than to 1.0. The Credit Facility also contains various customary events of default, including payment defaults, defaults under certain other indebtedness, and a change of control of Concentrix. 
 Prior to it being amended in December 2021, Concentrix initially entered into its senior secured credit facility on October 16, 2020, to provide for the extension of revolving loans of up to and term loan borrowings of up to . On November 30, 2020, in connection with the spin-off, the Company incurred the full of term loan borrowings under the Credit Facility. Substantially all of the proceeds from such borrowings, net of debt issuance costs, were transferred to TD SYNNEX on November 30, 2020 to eliminate debt owed by Concentrix to TD SYNNEX and in exchange for the contribution of certain Concentrix trademarks from TD SYNNEX to Concentrix. 
 Beginning May 31, 2021, the outstanding principal of the Prior Term Loan was payable in quarterly installments of , with the unpaid balance due in full on the maturity date. During the fiscal year ended November 30, 2021, the Company paid of the principal balance on the Prior Term Loan, including of voluntary prepayments, without penalty. 
 At November 30, 2022 and 2021, amounts were outstanding under the Revolver. 
 Securitization Facility 
 On July 6, 2022, the Company entered into an amendment to its accounts receivable securitization facility (the Securitization Facility ), which was initially entered into on October 30, 2020, to (i) increase the commitment of the lenders to provide available borrowings from up to to up to , (ii) extend the termination date of the Securitization Facility from October 28, 2022 to July 5, 2024, and (iii) replace LIBOR with SOFR as one of the reference rates used to calculate interest on borrowings under the Securitization Facility. In addition, the interest rate margins were amended, such that borrowings under the Securitization Facility that are funded through the issuance of commercial paper bear interest at the applicable commercial paper rate plus a spread of and, otherwise, at a per annum rate equal to the applicable SOFR rate (which includes a SOFR related adjustment of ), plus a spread of . 
 Under the Securitization Facility, Concentrix and certain of its subsidiaries (the Originators sell or otherwise transfer all of their accounts receivable to a special purpose bankruptcy-remote subsidiary of Concentrix (the Borrower that grants a security interest in the receivables to the lenders in exchange for available borrowings of up to . The amount received under the Securitization Facility is recorded as debt on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. Borrowing availability under the Securitization Facility may be limited by the Company s accounts receivable balances, changes in the credit ratings of the clients comprising the receivables, client concentration levels in the receivables, and certain characteristics of the accounts receivable being transferred (including factors tracking performance of the accounts receivable over time). 
 The Securitization Facility contains various affirmative and negative covenants, including a consolidated leverage ratio covenant that is consistent with the Credit Facility and customary events of default, including payment 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 of borrowings under the Securitization Facility. Substantially all of the proceeds from such borrowings were transferred to TD SYNNEX on November 30, 2020 to eliminate debt owed by Concentrix to TD SYNNEX and in exchange for the contribution of certain Concentrix trademarks from TD SYNNEX to Concentrix. 
 Covenant compliance 
 As of November 30, 2022, Concentrix was in compliance with all covenants for the above arrangements. 
 Future principal payments 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Total 
 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 10 
 Retail, travel and ecommerce Communications and media Banking, financial services and insurance Healthcare Other Total 
 The following table presents revenue by geographical location where the Company s services are delivered. Shown below are the countries that account for the Company s revenue for the periods presented: 
 Fiscal Years Ended November 30, 2022 2021 2020 Revenue by geography: Philippines United States India Canada Germany Great Britain Others Total 
 Deferred revenue contract liabilities and deferred costs to obtain or fulfill a contract are not material. 
 
 NOTE 11 

87 

Table of Contents 

Purchases from Parent and its non-Concentrix subsidiaries Interest expense on borrowings from Parent Interest income on borrowings made to Parent Corporate allocations Share-based compensation 
 As of November 30, 2020, the payable to former parent and its non-Concentrix subsidiaries was primarily trade in nature. 
 Prior to the spin-off, TD SYNNEX had issued guarantees to certain of the Company s clients to guarantee the performance obligations of the Company s legal entities. These TD SYNNEX guarantees were released or replaced by Concentrix guarantees on or prior to the spin-off. 
 In connection with the spin-off, on November 30, 2020, the Company entered into a separation and distribution agreement, an employee matters agreement, a tax matters agreement and a commercial agreement with TD SYNNEX to set forth the principal actions to be taken in connection with the spin-off and define the Company s ongoing relationship with TD SYNNEX after the spin-off. 
 
 NOTE 12 
 , and , respectively, to defined contribution plans. 
 Defined Benefit Plans 
 The Company has defined benefit pension and retirement plans for eligible employees of certain non-U.S. legal entities. For eligible employees in the U.S., the Company maintains a frozen defined benefit pension plan the cash balance plan ), which includes both a qualified and non-qualified portion. The pension benefit formula for the cash balance plan is determined by a combination of compensation, age-based credits and annual guaranteed interest credits. The qualified portion of the cash balance plan has been funded through contributions made to a trust fund. 
 The Company maintains funded or unfunded defined benefit pension or retirement plans for certain eligible employees in the Philippines, Malaysia, India, and France. Benefits under these plans are primarily based on years of service and compensation during the years immediately preceding retirement or termination of participation in the plans. 
 The Company s measurement date for all defined benefit plans and other post-retirement benefits is November 30. The plan assumptions for both the U.S. and non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans are evaluated annually and are updated as deemed necessary. Net benefit costs related to defined benefit plans were , and , during fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 Interest costs on projected benefit obligation Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization and deferrals, net Settlement charges Total pension costs 
 
 Service costs are recorded in cost of services and selling, general and administrative expenses while the remaining components of total pension costs are recorded within other expense (income) , net in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Service costs 
 Interest costs 
 Actuarial gains (1) 
 ) ) Benefits paid 
 ) ) Settlements 
 ) ) Foreign currency adjustments 
 ) ) Projected obligation at end of year Change in Plan Assets: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on assets 
 ) Settlements 
 ) ) Employer contributions 
 Benefits paid 
 ) ) Foreign currency adjustments 
 ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded Status of Plans: Unfunded status 

89 

Table of Contents 

 Non-current liability Total 
 The accumulated benefit obligation for all defined benefit pension plans was and at November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 - 
 - 
 Interest crediting rate for cash balance plan Expected rate of future compensation growth - 
 - 
 
 The following weighted-average rates were used in determining the pension costs for the fiscal years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021: 
 Fiscal Years Ended November 30, 2022 2021 Discount rate - 
 - 
 Interest crediting rate for cash balance plan Expected return on plan assets - 
 - 
 Expected rate of future compensation growth - 
 - 
 
 For the cash balance plan, the discount rate reflects the rate at which benefits could effectively be settled and is based on current investment yields of high-quality corporate bonds. The Company uses an actuarially-developed yield curve approach to match the timing of cash flows of expected future benefit payments by applying specific spot rates along the yield curve to determine the assumed discount rate. 
 The range of discount rates utilized in determining the pension cost and projected benefit obligation of the Company s defined benefit plans reflects a lower prevalent rate applicable to the frozen cash balance plan for eligible employees in U.S. and a higher applicable rate for the unfunded defined benefit plan for certain eligible employees in the Philippines, France and Malaysia. The plans outside the U.S. represented approximately and of the Company s total projected benefit obligation for all defined benefit plans as of November 30, 2022 and 2021, respectively . 
 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 are invested in equity backed funds and approximately are invested in funds in fixed income instruments) and a private equity fund. The Company s targeted allocation was equity and fixed income. The investment objectives for the plan assets are to generate returns that will enable the plan to meet its future obligations. The Company s expected long-term rate of return was determined based on the asset mix of the plan, projected returns, past performance and other factors. 
 Common/collective trusts: Fixed income U.S. large cap U.S. small cap International equity Governmental bonds Corporate bonds Investment funds Limited partnership Total investments 
 Investments As of November 30, 2021 As of Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) As of Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) As of Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Cash and cash equivalents Common/collective trusts: Fixed income U.S. large cap U.S. small cap International equity Governmental bonds Corporate bonds Investment funds Limited partnership Total investments 
 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 in contributions during fiscal year 2023. 
 
 NOTE 13 
 Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Sublease income ) ) ) Total operating lease cost 
 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total payments Less: imputed interest ) Total present value of lease payments Imputed interest represents the difference between undiscounted cash flows and discounted cash flows. 
 Current operating lease liabilities Other accrued liabilities Non-current operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities 
 Non-cash ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities 
 Weighted-average discount rate 
 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 14 
 ) Foreign Total income before income taxes 
 State Foreign Deferred tax provision (benefit): Federal ) ) State ) ) ) Foreign ) ) ) ) ) Total income tax provision 
 Provision for income taxes for fiscal year 2020 was increased by an adjustment of current tax expense plus deferred tax expense) to reflect the hypothetical tax impact if Concentrix was not part of TD SYNNEX U.S. consolidated group and thereby suffered a much higher U.S. foreign tax credit limitation. The offset to the hypothetical tax expense was reflected in the former parent company investment balance, a component of equity on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 Deferred tax liabilities Total net deferred tax liabilities 
 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 Accruals and other reserves 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 U.S. interest limitation carry forward 
 Share-based compensation expense 
 Deferred revenue 
 Tax credits 
 Foreign tax credit 
 Operating lease liabilities Intercompany loans payable Other 
 Gross deferred tax assets 
 Valuation allowance 
 ) ) Total deferred tax assets 
 Liabilities: Intangible assets 
 Unremitted non-US earnings 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets Total deferred tax liabilities 
 Net deferred tax liabilities 
 The valuation allowance relates primarily to certain state and foreign net operating loss carry forwards, foreign deferred items and state credits. The Company s assessment is that it is not more likely than not that these deferred tax assets will be realized. 
 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 State taxes, net of federal income tax benefit ) ) International rate difference ) ) Withholding taxes Uncertain tax benefits ) Changes in valuation allowance ) Impact of inclusion of foreign income (1) 
 Hypothetical current tax expense recorded for separate return basis presentation Other (2) 
 ) Effective income tax rate 
 (1) Represents Subpart F income, Base Erosion and Anti-Abuse Tax (BEAT), and Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income (GILTI) (less Section 250 deduction), net of associated foreign tax credits. 
 (2) Includes additional tax gain on the sale of CIS for the fiscal year ended November 30, 2021. 
 The Company s U.S. business has sufficient cash flow and liquidity to fund its operating requirements and the Company expects and intends that profits earned outside the United States will be fully utilized and reinvested outside of the United States with the exception of earnings of certain previously acquired non-U.S. entities. The Company has recorded deferred tax liabilities related to non-U.S. withholding taxes on the earnings likely to be repatriated in the future. 
 As of November 30, 2022, the Company had approximately of undistributed earnings of its non-U.S. subsidiaries for which it has not provided for non-U.S. withholding taxes and state taxes because such earnings are intended to be reinvested indefinitely in international operations. It is not practicable to determine the amount of applicable taxes that would be due if such earnings were distributed. Accordingly, the Company has not provisioned U.S. state taxes and non-U.S. withholding taxes on the non-U.S. legal entities for which the earnings are permanently reinvested. 
 As of November 30, 2022, the Company had net operating loss carry forwards of approximately and for federal and state purposes, respectively. The federal net operating loss carry forward and the state net operating loss carry forwards will begin to expire in the fiscal year ending November 30, 2023. The increase in net operating loss carry forwards was due to the acquisition of ServiceSource and an incremental valuation allowance was established due to limitations under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. The Company also had approximately of foreign net operating loss carry forwards that will also begin to expire in fiscal year ending November 30, 2023 if not used. In addition, the Company has approximately of various federal and state income tax credit carry forwards that, if not used, will begin to expire in the fiscal year ending November 30, 2023. Utilization of the acquired loss carry forwards may be limited pursuant to Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
 The Company enjoys tax holidays in certain jurisdictions, primarily China, Costa Rica, Nicaragua and the Philippines. The tax holidays provide for lower or zero rates of taxation and require various thresholds of investment and business activities in those jurisdictions. The estimated tax benefits from the above tax holidays for fiscal years 2022, 2021, and 2020 were approximately , , and , respectively. 
 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Additions for tax positions of prior years and acquisition Settlements ) Lapse of statute of limitations ) Changes due to translation of foreign currencies Balance as of November 30, 2020 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Reductions for tax positions of prior years ) Settlements ) Lapse of statute of limitations ) Changes due to translation of foreign currencies Balance as of November 30, 2021 Additions based on tax positions related to the current year Settlements ) Lapse of statute of limitations ) Balance as of November 30, 2022 
 The Company conducts business globally and files income tax returns in various U.S. and non-U.S. jurisdictions. The Company is subject to continuous examination and audits by various tax authorities. Significant audits are underway in the United States and India. The Company is not aware of any material exposures arising from these tax audits or in other jurisdictions not already provided for. 
 Although timing of the resolution of audits and/or appeals is highly uncertain, the Company believes it is reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits as of November 30, 2022 could decrease between and in the next twelve months. The Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal income tax audit for returns covering years through fiscal year 2017. The Company is no longer subject to non-U.S. or U.S. state income tax audits for returns covering years through fiscal year 2012 and fiscal year 2014, respectively. 
 The liability for unrecognized tax benefits was and at November 30, 2022 and November 30, 2021, respectively, and is included in other long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. As of November 30, 2022 and 2021, and of the total unrecognized tax benefits, net of federal benefit, would affect the effective tax rate, if realized. The Company s policy is to include interest and penalties related to income taxes, including unrecognized tax benefits, within the provision for income taxes. As of November 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company had accrued and , respectively, in income taxes payable related to accrued interest and penalties. The net interest and penalties balance and the aggregate changes in the balance of gross unrecognized tax benefits as of November 30, 2021 include an immaterial prior period disclosure adjustment to properly present the balances. This disclosure adjustment resulted in no impact to the Company s consolidated balance sheets or consolidated statement of operations for any period presented. 

97 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 15 
 
 NOTE 16 
 
 Concentrix equity awards outstanding prior to the spin-off, thus the computation of basic and diluted earnings per common share for all prior year periods disclosed is calculated using the million shares issued in connection with the spin-off. 
 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 Less: net income allocated to participating securities (1) 
 ) ) Net income attributable to common stockholders Weighted average common shares - basic Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share: Net income Less: net income allocated to participating securities (1) 
 ) ) Net income attributable to common stockholders Weighted-average number of common shares - basic Effect of dilutive securities: Stock options and restricted stock units Weighted-average number of common shares - diluted Diluted earnings per common share 
 (1) Restricted stock awards granted to employees by the Company are considered participating securities. 

of the Company s outstanding shares of common stock from time to time as market and business conditions warrant, including through open market purchases or Rule 10b5-1 trading plans. The repurchase program has no termination date and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. During the fiscal years ended November 30, 2022 and 2021, the Company repurchased and shares, respectively, of its common stock for an aggregate purchase price of and , respectively. The share repurchases were made on the open market and the shares repurchased by the Company are held in treasury for general corporate purposes. At November 30, 2022, approximately remained available for share repurchases under the existing authorization from the Company s board of directors. 
 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 November 2, 2021 January 18, 2022 January 28, 2022 February 8, 2022 March 29, 2022 April 29, 2022 May 10, 2022 June 27, 2022 July 29, 2022 August 9, 2022 September 8, 2022 October 28, 2022 November 8, 2022 
 
 per share to stockholders of record as of January 30, 2023, payable on February 10, 2023. 

100 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROL AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 
 Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as required by Rules 13a-15(b) or 15d-15(b) under the Exchange Act, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by Concentrix in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in such reports is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Report of management on internal control over financial reporting 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, as of November 30, 2022, appears in Part II, Item 8, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting, as of November 30, 2022, has been audited by KPMG LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which appears in Part II, Item 8, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Changes in internal control over financial reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our fourth fiscal quarter of fiscal year 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Limitations on controls 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives as specified above. Management does not expect, however, that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all error and fraud. Any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, is based upon certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that its objectives will be met. Further, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None . 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Certain information required by this Item 10 is incorporated by reference to the material under the headings Board of Directors, Board Committees, Proposals Requiring Your Vote Proposal No. 1: Election of Directors, and Our Named Executive Officers in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which we will file with the SEC not later than March 30, 2023. 
 Item 405 of Regulation S-K calls for disclosure of any known late filing or failure by an insider to file a report required by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. To the extent disclosure for delinquent reports is being made, it can be found under the caption Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which we will file with the SEC not later than March 30, 2023, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Our Code of Ethical Business Conduct, with which our directors, officers and staff must comply, establishes legal and ethical standards for conducting our business, including in accordance with applicable Nasdaq listing standards and SEC regulations. Our Code of Ethical Business Conduct is available free of charge on the Governance Documents page of the Investor Relations section of our website at www.concentrix.com, and a copy may also be obtained, upon request, from our Corporate Secretary at 39899 Balentine Drive, Newark, California, 94560. Future waivers from, or amendments to, our Code of Ethical Business Conduct that apply to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions will be timely posted on the webpage referenced in this paragraph. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this Item 11 is incorporated by reference to the material under the headings Board Committees Compensation Committee, Director Compensation, Compensation Discussion and Analysis, 2022 Summary Compensation Table, Grants of Plan-Based Awards in Fiscal Year 2022, Outstanding Equity Awards at 2022 Fiscal Year-End, Option Exercises and Stock Vested in Fiscal Year 2022, Pension Benefits, Potential Payments upon Termination or in Connection with a Change of Control, CEO Pay Ratio, and Corporate Governance Risk Management in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which we will file with the SEC not later than March 30, 2023. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by this Item 12 is incorporated by reference to the material under the headings Beneficial Ownership of Securities and Equity Compensation Plan Information in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which we will file with the SEC not later than March 30, 2023. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this Item 13 is incorporated by reference to the material under the headings Corporate Governance Related Party Transactions and Board of Directors Director Independence in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which we will file with the SEC not later than March 30, 2023. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this Item 14 is incorporated by reference to the material under the heading Proposals Requiring Your Vote Proposal No. 2: Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public 
 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 Accounting Firm in the Company s definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which we will file with the SEC not later than March 30, 2023. 
 
 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a)(1) Financial Statements 
 The consolidated financial statements of the Company filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 Schedules Omitted 
 Schedules other than Schedule II are omitted because they are not required or applicable under instructions contained in Regulation S-X or because the information called for is shown in the consolidated financial statements. 
 CONCENTRIX 
 SCHEDULE II VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 
 For the Fiscal Years Ended November 30, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (in thousands) 
 (Amounts may not add due to rounding) 
 Additions/Deductions Balances at 
 Beginning of 
 Fiscal Year 
 Charged to Revenue 
 and Expense, net 
 Additions 
 from 
 Acquisitions 
 Reclassifications 
 and 
 Write-offs 
 Balances at 
 End of 
 Fiscal Year 
 Fiscal Year Ended November 30, 2022 
 Allowance for deferred tax assets 31,016 9,269 63,804 (920) 103,169 Fiscal Year Ended November 30, 2021 
 Allowance for deferred tax assets 45,026 239 (14,249) 31,016 Fiscal Year Ended November 30, 2020 
 Allowance for deferred tax assets 44,892 6,037 (5,903) 45,026 

103 

Table of Contents 

 (a)(3) Exhibits 
 
 Exhibit No. Exhibit Description 2.1 Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2020, by and between the Company and SYNNEX Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 2, 2020). 
 2.2 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 19, 2021, by and among Concentrix Corporation, CNXC Merger Sub, Inc., ProKarma Holdings Inc. and Carlyle Partners VI Holdings, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 24, 2021). 
 2.3 First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 20, 2021, by and among Concentrix Corporation, CNXC Merger Sub, Inc., ProKarma Holdings Inc. and Carlyle Partners VI Holdings, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 23, 2021). 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 2, 2020). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company, as amended (incorporated by reference by Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on January 28, 2022). 
 10.1 Tax Matters Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2020, by and between the Company and SYNNEX Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 2, 2020). 
 10.2 Employee Matters Agreement, dated as of November 30, 2020, by and between the Company and SYNNEX Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 2, 2020). 
 10.3 SYNNEX-Concentrix Commercial Agreement, dated as of December 1, 2020, by and between Concentrix Solutions Corporation and SYNNEX Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 2, 2020). 
 10.4 Credit Agreement, dated as of October 16, 2020, by and among the Company, the subsidiaries of the Company named therein, the lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on October 30, 2020). 
 10.5 First Amendment to Credit Agreement and Joinder Agreement, dated as of December 27, 2021, by and among the Company, the subsidiaries of the Company named therein, the lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 30, 2021). 
 10.6 Receivables Financing Agreement, dated as of October 30, 2020, by and among Concentrix Receivables, Inc., as borrower, the Company, as initial servicer, the lenders party thereto, and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on October 30, 2020). 
 10.7 Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 30, 2020, by and among Concentrix Receivables, Inc., the Company, as servicer, and the subsidiaries of the Company named therein, as originators (incorporated by refence to Exhibit 10.8 to Amendment No. 2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on October 30, 2020). 

104 

Table of Contents 

 10.8 First Omnibus Amendment, dated as of May 5, 2021, by and among the Company, as servicer, Concentrix Receivables, Inc., as borrower, the subsidiaries of the Company named therein, as originators, the lenders party thereto, and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on July 9, 2021). 
 10.9 Second Amendment to Receivables Financing Agreement, dated as of July 6, 2022, by and among Concentrix Receivables, Inc., as borrower, the Company, as servicer, the lenders party thereto, and PNC Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on July 8, 2022). 
 10.10 Offer Letter, dated as of November 24, 2020, by and between the Company and Christopher Caldwell (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 25, 2020). 
 10.11 Concentrix Corporation 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 2, 2020). 
 10.12 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Concentrix Corporation 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 22, 2021). 
 10.13 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Concentrix Corporation 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (Non-Employee Directors) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 16, 2021). 
 10.14 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Concentrix Corporation 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 16, 2021). 
 10.15 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement under the Concentrix Corporation 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 22, 2021). 
 10.16 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Concentrix Corporation 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (2022) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on January 28, 2022). 
 10.17 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Concentrix Corporation 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (2022) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on January 28, 2022). 
 10.18 Form of Performance Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the Concentrix Corporation 2020 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on January 28, 2022). 
 10.19 Concentrix Corporation 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on July 8, 2022). 
 10.20 Concentrix Corporation Change of Control Severance Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 2, 2020). 
 10.21 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Company and individual directors and officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form 10 filed by Concentrix Corporation on October 13, 2020 (File No. 001-39494)). 
 10.22 Service Agreement, effective as of January 7, 2019, by and between Concentrix CVG CMG UK Limited and Cormac Twomey (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 16, 2021). 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Company. 

105 

Table of Contents 

 23.1 Consent of KPMG LLP. 
 24.1 Power of Attorney (included on signature page of this report). 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a- 14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a- 14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (Embedded within the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101). 
 Schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. Concentrix Corporation hereby undertakes to furnish copies of any of the omitted schedules and exhibits upon request by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit pursuant to Item 15(b) of Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 
 106 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Date: January 27, 2023 

CONCENTRIX CORPORATION By: /s/ Christopher Caldwell Christopher Caldwell President and Chief Executive Officer 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Christopher Caldwell and Andre Valentine, and each of them, his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact, each with full power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact or their substitute or substitutes may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Name Title Date /s/ Christopher Caldwell President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Director January 27, 2023 Christopher Caldwell /s/ Andre Valentine Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Principal Accounting Officer) January 27, 2023 Andre Valentine /s/ Teh-Chien Chou Director January 27, 2023 Teh-Chien Chou /s/ LaVerne Council Director January 27, 2023 LaVerne Council 
 
 107 

Table of Contents 

 /s/ Jennifer Deason Director January 27, 2023 Jennifer Deason /s/ Kathryn Hayley Director January 27, 2023 Kathryn Hayley /s/ Kathryn Marinello Director January 27, 2023 Kathryn Marinello /s/ Dennis Polk Director January 27, 2023 Dennis Polk /s/ Ann Vezina Director January 27, 2023 Ann Vezina 
 
 108 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 exhibit211-2022form10k.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries of the Company 
 (as of November 30, 2022) 
 Name of Subsidiary 

Jurisdiction of Organization 
 ABC Consulting S.A. 
 Argentina 
 Beijing Jumeng Technology Development Ltd. 
 China 
 BPO Holdco Co peratief U.A. 
 Netherlands 
 Chongqing Jumeng Technologies Development Ltd. 
 China 
 CNX Services Jamaica Limited 
 Jamaica 
 Concentrix (Canada) Limited 
 Canada 
 Concentrix (Suzhou) Information Consulting Co., Ltd. 
 China 
 Concentrix Beteiligungen GmbH 
 Germany 
 Concentrix Brazil Outsourcing of Processes, Administrative Services and Technologies to Enterprise Ltda. 
 Brazil 
 Concentrix Business Services UK Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 Concentrix Catalyst Canada, Inc. 
 Canada 
 Concentrix Catalyst Co., Ltd 
 Japan 
 Concentrix Catalyst FZCO 
 United Arab Emirates 
 Concentrix Catalyst Holdings Pty Ltd 
 Australia 
 Concentrix Catalyst LTD 
 United Kingdom 
 Concentrix Catalyst MX Holdings LLC 
 Delaware, United States 
 Concentrix Catalyst Pte. Ltd. 
 Singapore 
 Concentrix Catalyst Pty. Ltd. 
 Australia 
 Concentrix Catalyst Technologies Private Limited 
 India 
 Concentrix Catalyst Technology Mexico, S.A. de C.V. 
 Mexico 
 Concentrix Catalyst USA Holdings, LLC 
 Nevada, United States 
 Concentrix Costa Rica, S.A. 
 Costa Rica 
 Concentrix CRM Services Germany GmbH 
 Germany 
 Concentrix CRM Services Hungary KFT 
 Hungary 
 Concentrix CRM Services UK Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 Concentrix CVG (Mauritius) Ltd 
 Mauritius 
 Concentrix CVG Brite Voice Systems, LLC 
 Kansas, United States 
 Concentrix CVG CMG Canada ULC 
 Canada 
 Concentrix CVG CMG Insurance Services LLC 
 Utah, United States 
 Concentrix CVG CMG UK Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 Concentrix CVG Contact Tunisie S.A.R.L. 
 Tunisia 
 Concentrix CVG Corporation 
 Delaware, United States 
 Concentrix CVG Customer Management Australia Pty. Ltd. 
 Australia 
 Concentrix CVG Customer Management Colombia S.A.S. 
 Colombia 
 Concentrix CVG Customer Management Delaware LLC 
 Delaware, United States 
 Concentrix CVG Customer Management Group Canada Holding Inc. 
 Delaware, United States 
 Concentrix CVG Customer Management Group Inc. 
 Ohio, United States 
 Concentrix CVG Customer Management International Inc. 
 Ohio, United States 
 Concentrix CVG Delaware Inc. 
 Delaware, United States 
 Concentrix CVG Delaware International Inc. 
 Delaware, United States 
 Concentrix CVG Egypt Limited Liability Company 
 Egypt 

Concentrix CVG France S.A.R.L. 
 France 
 Concentrix CVG Funding Inc. 
 Kentucky, United States 
 Concentrix CVG Global Services - AZ, Inc. 
 Arizona, United States 
 Concentrix CVG Global Services El Salvador, S.A. de C.V. 
 El Salvador 
 Concentrix CVG Global Services Honduras, S.A. 
 Honduras 
 Concentrix CVG Global Services Hong Kong Limited 
 Hong Kong 
 Concentrix CVG Government Solutions LLC 
 Ohio, United States 
 Concentrix CVG Group Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 Concentrix CVG Holding LLC 
 Delaware, United States 
 Concentrix CVG Intelligent Contact Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 Concentrix CVG International Holding B.V. 
 Netherlands 
 Concentrix CVG International Nordic AB 
 Sweden 
 Concentrix CVG International sp. z o.o. 
 Poland 
 Concentrix CVG Ireland Contact Services Limited 
 Ireland 
 Concentrix CVG Ireland Limited 
 Ireland 
 Concentrix CVG Italy S.R.L. 
 Italy 
 Concentrix CVG LLC 
 Texas, United States 
 Concentrix CVG Malaysia (Philippines) Sdn. Bhd. 
 Malaysia 
 Concentrix CVG Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. 
 Malaysia 
 Concentrix CVG Philippines, Inc. 
 Philippines 
 Concentrix CVG Pte. Ltd. 
 Singapore 
 Concentrix CVG Services Denmark ApS 
 Denmark 
 Concentrix CVG Services Singapore Pte. Ltd. 
 Singapore 
 Concentrix CVG Servicios Inform ticos, SL 
 Spain 
 Concentrix CVG Singapore Holdings Pte. Ltd. 
 Singapore 
 Concentrix CVG Singapore Holdings Pte. Ltd. ROHQ 
 Philippines 
 Concentrix CVG South Africa (Pty) Ltd 
 South Africa 
 Concentrix CVG Tunisie BPO S.A.R.L. 
 Tunisia 
 Concentrix CVG Tunisie S.A.R.L. 
 Tunisia 
 Concentrix CX (Thailand) Co., Ltd 
 Thailand 
 Concentrix CX UK Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 Concentrix Daksh Services India Private Limited 
 
 India 
 Concentrix Daksh Services Philippines Corporation 
 Philippines 
 Concentrix Digital Services Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 Concentrix Duisburg GmbH 
 Germany 
 Concentrix D sseldorf GmbH 
 Germany 
 Concentrix Europe Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 Concentrix Frankfurt a. M. GmbH 
 Germany 
 Concentrix Free Trade Zone, S.A. 
 Costa Rica 
 Concentrix Gera GmbH 
 Germany 
 Concentrix Global Services GmbH 
 Germany 
 Concentrix GmbH 
 Austria 
 Concentrix Halle GmbH 
 Germany 
 Concentrix Healthcare Services LLC 
 Delaware, United States 

Concentrix HK Limited 
 Hong Kong 
 Concentrix International Europe B.V. 
 Netherlands 
 Concentrix International GmbH 
 Germany 
 Concentrix International Services Europe B.V. 
 Netherlands 
 Concentrix Investment Holdings B.V. 
 Netherlands 
 Concentrix Investment Holdings Singapore 1 Pte. Ltd. 
 Singapore 
 Concentrix Investment Holdings Singapore 2 Pte. Ltd 
 Singapore 
 Concentrix Investment Holdings Singapore 3 Pte.Ltd. 
 Singapore 
 Concentrix Investments Europe B.V. 
 Netherlands 
 Concentrix Legal Services Co., Ltd. 
 Vietnam 
 Concentrix Leipzig GmbH 
 Germany 
 Concentrix Management Holding GmbH & Co. KG 
 Germany 
 Concentrix Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 Mexico 
 Concentrix M nster GmbH 
 Germany 
 Concentrix NewHK Limited 
 Hong Kong 
 Concentrix Nicaragua S.A. 
 Nicaragua 
 Concentrix Osnabr ck GmbH 
 Germany 
 Concentrix Receivables, Inc. 
 Delaware, United States 
 Concentrix Rechenzentrum GmbH 
 Germany 
 Concentrix Romania S.R.L. 
 Romania 
 Concentrix Schwerin GmbH 
 Germany 
 Concentrix Services (Dalian) Co., Ltd. 
 China 
 Concentrix Services (Georgia) LLC 
 Georgia 
 Concentrix Services (Germany) GmbH 
 Germany 
 Concentrix Services (Ireland) Limited 
 Ireland 
 Concentrix Services (Netherlands) B.V. 
 Netherlands 
 Concentrix Services (New Zealand) Limited 
 New Zealand 
 Concentrix Services (Saudi Arabia) Corporation LLC 
 Saudi Arabia 
 Concentrix Services (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. 
 Singapore 
 Concentrix Services (Thailand) Co., Ltd. 
 Thailand 
 Concentrix Services (Uruguay) S.A. 
 Uruguay 
 Concentrix Services Albania SHPK 
 Albania 
 Concentrix Services B.V. 
 Netherlands 
 Concentrix Services Bulgaria EOOD 
 Bulgaria 
 Concentrix Services Ghana LTD 
 Ghana 
 Concentrix Services GmbH 
 Germany 
 Concentrix Services Greece S.M.S.A. 
 Greece 
 Concentrix Services Holdco (Netherlands) B.V. 
 Netherlands 
 Concentrix Services Hungary Kft. 
 Hungary 
 Concentrix Services India Private Limited 
 
 India 
 Concentrix Services Korea Limited 
 South Korea 
 Concentrix Services Kosovo LLC 
 Kosovo 
 Concentrix Services LLC 
 Croatia 
 Concentrix Services Mexico, S.A. de C.V. 
 Mexico 
 Concentrix Services Philippines, Inc. 
 Philippines 

Concentrix Services Portugal, Sociedade Unipessoal, LDA 
 Portugal 
 Concentrix Services Pty Ltd 
 Australia 
 Concentrix Services Slovakia s.r.o. 
 Slovakia 
 Concentrix Services UK Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 Concentrix Services US, Inc. 
 Delaware, United States 
 Concentrix Software Technologies (HK) Limited 
 Hong Kong 
 Concentrix Solutions Corporation 
 New York, United States 
 Concentrix SREV Bulgaria EOOD 
 Bulgaria 
 Concentrix SREV Delaware, Inc. 
 Delaware, United States 
 Concentrix SREV Europe Limited 
 Ireland 
 Concentrix SREV Europe UK Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 Concentrix SREV Japan G.K. 
 Japan 
 Concentrix SREV Malaysia SDN. BHD. 
 Malaysia 
 Concentrix SREV Philippines, Inc. 
 Philippines 
 Concentrix SREV Singapore Pte. Ltd 
 Singapore 
 Concentrix SREV, Inc. 
 Delaware, United States 
 Concentrix Technologies (India) Private Limited 
 India 
 Concentrix Technologies Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 Concentrix Technologies Services (Canada) Limited 
 Canada 
 Concentrix Tigerspike Technology FZ-LLC 
 United Arab Emirates 
 Concentrix Verwaltungs GmbH 
 Austria 
 Concentrix VN Technologies Services Company Limited 
 Vietnam 
 Concentrix Wismar GmbH 
 Germany 
 Concentrix Wuppertal GmbH 
 Germany 
 Convergys Customer Management Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 Mexico 
 Convergys Holdings (GB) Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 Convergys Holdings (UK) Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 Convergys India Services Private Limited 
 India 
 Convergys International Inc. 
 Delaware, United States 
 Dalian Jumeng Information Services Ltd. 
 China 
 Dalian Jumeng Technologies Development Ltd. 
 China 
 Encore Receivable Management, Inc. 
 Kansas, United States 
 eTelecare Philippines, Inc. 
 Philippines 
 Foshan Jumeng Information Technology Service Co., Ltd. 
 China 
 Guiyang Jumeng Technology Development Ltd. 
 China 
 Intervoice Acquisition Subsidiary, Inc. 
 Nevada, United States 
 Intervoice Colombia Ltda. 
 Colombia 
 Intervoice GmbH 
 Germany 
 Intervoice GP, Inc. 
 Nevada, United States 
 Intervoice Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 Intervoice Limited Partnership 
 Nevada, United States 
 Intervoice LP, Inc. 
 Nevada, United States 
 Japan Concentrix KK 
 Japan 
 KeepAppy Limited 
 Ireland 
 Lenati, LLC 
 Washington, United States 

Minacs Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 Mexico 
 Prokarma Holdings, Inc. 
 Delaware, United States 
 Prokarma India Holding Co. 
 Delaware, United States 
 Prokarma, Inc. 
 Delaware, United States 
 PT Concentrix Services Indonesia 
 Indonesia 
 PT Convergys Customer Management Indonesia 
 Indonesia 
 SCGS (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd. 
 Malaysia 
 ServiceSource International Hong Kong Limited 
 Hong Kong 
 SGS Holdings, Inc. 
 Delaware, United States 
 Shenzhen Shunrong Telecommunication Technologies Ltd 
 China 
 Sichuan 86Bridge Information Technology Ltd. 
 China 
 Stream Florida Inc. 
 Delaware, United States 
 Stream Global Services - US, Inc. 
 Delaware, United States 
 Stream Global Services, Inc. 
 Delaware, United States 
 Stream Holdings Corporation 
 Delaware, United States 
 Suzhou Ke Wei Xun Information Services Co., Ltd. 
 China 
 The Global Email Trustee Limited 
 United Kingdom 
 Tigerspike FZ-LLC 
 United Arab Emirates 
 Tigerspike Products Pte. Ltd. 
 Singapore 
 Vietnam Concentrix Services Company Limited 
 Vietnam 
 Xi'an Jumeng Technologies Development Ltd 
 China 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 exhibit231-2022form10k.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos. 333-251003, 333-262184, 333-262187 and 333-269412) on Form S-8 of our report dated January 27, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts of Concentrix Corporation and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s KPMG LLP 
 
 Cincinnati, Ohio 
 January 27, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 exhibit311-2022form10k.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 I, Christopher Caldwell, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Concentrix Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

January 27, 2023 s Christopher Caldwell President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 exhibit312-2022form10k.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 I, Andre Valentine, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Concentrix Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

January 27, 2023 s Andre Valentine Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 exhibit321-2022form10k.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

 31 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350 

We, Christopher Caldwell, the President and Chief Executive Officer of Concentrix Corporation (the Company ), and Andre Valentine, the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify for the purposes of section 1350 of chapter 63 of title 18 of the United States Code, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of our knowledge 
 
 (1) The Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended November 30, 2022 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Christopher Caldwell Date January 27, 2023 Christopher Caldwell President and Chief Executive Officer 
 s Andre Valentine Date January 27, 2023 Andre Valentine Chief Financial Officer 

The foregoing certification is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to the Report. A signed original of this written statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 cnxc-20221130.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 cnxc-20221130_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 cnxc-20221130_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 cnxc-20221130_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 cnxc-20221130_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

