<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230221_10-K_edgar_data_1866226_0001213900-23-013299.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4166399</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>237982</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>788661</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1039231</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1031343</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>953660</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-013299.hdr.sgml : 20230221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230221161732
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-013299
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		54
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Welsbach Technology Metals Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001866226
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS ELECTRICAL MACHINERY, EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [3690]
		IRS NUMBER:				871006702
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41183
		FILM NUMBER:		23648373

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		160 S CRAIG PLACE
		CITY:			LOMBARD
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60148
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6309307053

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		160 S CRAIG PLACE
		CITY:			LOMBARD
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60148

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-013299.txt : 20230221

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_welsbachtech.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from to 

Commission
file number: 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

87-106702 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered: Units, each consisting of one share of common stock, 0.0001 par value, and one right to receive one-tenth of one share of common stock WTMAU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Rights, each exchangeable into one-tenth of one share of common stock WTMAR The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

As
of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market
value of the registrant s public shares, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrants was
approximately . The closing price of the common stock on June 30, 2022 as reported on the Nasdaq Global Market was 9.93 per
share. 

As
of February 21, 2023 there were shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I 
 1 

Item 1. 
 Business. 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 16 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 17 

Item 2. 
 Properties. 
 17 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 17 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 17 
 
 PART II 
 18 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 18 

Item 6. 
 Reserved. 
 19 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations. 
 19 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 
 26 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 26 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
and Financial Disclosure. 
 26 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 26 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 27 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 27 
 
 PART III 
 28 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 28 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 32 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 33 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence. 
 34 

Item 14 . 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 37 
 
 PART IV 
 38 

Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 38 

i 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Report (as defined below), including, without limitation, statements under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the
Securities Act (as defined below) and Section 21E of the Exchange Act (as defined below). These forward-looking statements can be identified
by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, estimates, anticipates, 
 expects, intends, plans, may, will, potential, projects, 
 predicts, continue, or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable
terminology. There can be no assurance that actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but
are not limited to, any statements relating to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other
statements that are not statements of current or historical facts. These statements are based on management s current expectations,
but actual results may differ materially due to various factors, including, but not limited to: 

Since
 the Sponsor and our directors and executive officers have interests that are different than
 the interests of our stockholders, a conflict of interest may have existed in determining
 whether the Business Combination with WaveTech is appropriate. 

The
 exercise of our directors and executive officers discretion in agreeing to
 changes or waivers in the terms of the Business Combination may result in a conflict of interest. 

Nasdaq
 may not list New WaveTech s securities on its exchange, which could limit investors 
 ability to make transactions in New WaveTech s securities and subject New WaveTech
 to additional trading restrictions. 

Public
 stockholders will experience immediate dilution as a consequence of the issuance of New WaveTech
 Common Stock as consideration in the Business Combination and the PIPE Investment, and due
 to future issuances such as the Earnout Shares and pursuant to the New WaveTech KEAP. Having
 a minority stock ownership position may reduce the influence that our current stockholders
 have on the management of New WaveTech. 

If
 the conditions to the Merger Agreement are not met, the Business Combination may not occur. 

The
 initial stockholders have agreed to vote in favor of the Business Combination, regardless
 of how our public stockholders vote. 

We
 may be forced to close the Business Combination even if the our Board determines it is no
 longer in the best interest of our stockholders. 

We
 may waive one or more of the conditions to the Business Combination. 

Legal
 proceedings in connection with the Business Combination, the outcomes of which are uncertain,
 could delay or prevent the completion of the Business Combination. 

We
 and WaveTech will incur significant transaction and transition costs in connection with the
 Business Combination. 

Our
 ability to successfully effect the Business Combination and New WaveTech s ability
 to successfully operate the business thereafter will be largely dependent upon the efforts
 of certain key personnel of WaveTech, all of whom we expect to stay with New WaveTech following
 the Closing. The loss of such key personnel could negatively impact the operations and financial
 results of the combined business. 

ii 

Unanticipated
 changes in effective tax rates or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of New WaveTech s
 income or other tax returns could adversely affect New WaveTech s financial condition
 and results of operations. 

We
 cannot be certain as to the number of shares of public stock that will be redeemed and the
 potential impact to public stockholders who do not elect to redeem their public stock. 

The
 Sponsor may elect to purchase stock from public stockholders prior to the consummation of
 the Business Combination, which may influence the vote on the Business Combination and reduce
 the public float of our securities. 

If
 third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced
 and the per share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per
 share. 

Our
 stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against it to the extent of distributions
 received by them upon redemption of their shares. 

If,
 before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file
 a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not
 dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of
 our stockholders. 

The
 Merger may fail to qualify as a tax-free reorganization for federal income tax purposes. 

The
 excise tax included in the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 may decrease the value
 of New WaveTech securities following the Business Combination and decrease the amount of
 funds available for distribution. 

If
 you or a group of stockholders of which you are a part are deemed to hold an
 aggregate of more than 20.0 of the public stock, you (or, if a member of such a group, all
 of the members of such group in the aggregate) will lose the ability to redeem all such stock
 in excess of 20.0 of the public stock unless we consent to such redemption. 

There
 is uncertainty regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the redemption
 to the holders of our common stock. 

You
 will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain
 limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell
 your public stock, potentially at a loss. 

The
 Business Combination may be subject to U.S. foreign investment regulations that may impose
 conditions on or limit certain investors ability to purchase our stock or otherwise
 participate in the Business Combination, potentially making the stock less attractive to
 investors. 

If
 we are not able to complete the Business Combination with WaveTech by March 30, 2023, nor
 are able to complete another business combination by such date, er would cease all operations
 except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public stock and liquidate,
 in which case our public stockholders may only receive 10.00 per share, or less than such
 amount in certain circumstances, and any public rights will expire worthless. 

If
 we fail to consummate an initial business combination, our stockholders may be held liable
 for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon
 redemption of their shares. 

iii 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking
statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual
results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Should one or
more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material
respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities
laws. 

Unless
otherwise stated in this Report, or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

ASC
 480 are to the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification
 Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity; 

ASC 
 are to Accounting Standards Codification; 

board
 of directors or board are to the board of directors of the Company; 

Business
 Combination are to the Merger together with the other agreements and transactions
 contemplated by the Merger Agreement; 

Certifying
 Officers to WTMA s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer; 

Chardan 
 or the Representative are to Chardan Capital Markets, LLC, the representative
 of the underwriters; 

Closing 
 are to the closing of the Business Combination; 

common
 stock or Common Stock are to shares of common stock, par value 0.0001
 per share; 

Company
 Stockholders are to certain stockholders of WaveTech that entered into the Shareholder
 Support and Lock-up Agreement with WaveTech and the Company, dated October 31, 2022; 

Continental 
 are to Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, trustee of our trust account (as defined 

Convertible
 Notes are to WaveTech s Series B Convertible Notes, if any; 

DGCL 
 are to the Delaware General Corporation Law; 

DWAC
 System are to the Depository Trust Company s Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian
 System; 

Earnout
 Shares are to the shares that may be issued to Qualified Stockholder of WaveTech pursuant
 to the earnout provisions of the Merger Agreement; 

Exchange
 Act are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

Extension 
 are to the extended time period of time for the Company to complete a business combination
 under its maneded and restated certificate of incorporation; 

First
 Promissory Note are to the promissory note issued by the Company on September 30,
 2022 in the principal amount of 772,769 to the Sponsor in connection with the Extension; 

Founder
 Shares or founder shares are to the 1,931,922 shares of common stock
 held or controlled by our insiders (as defined below); 

GAAP 
 are to the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America; 

Holders 
 are to the Sponsor and certain other investors party to the Business Combination, who will
 enter into the Registration Right Agreements; 

iv 

IASB 
 are to the International Accounting Standards Board; 

IFRS 
 are to the International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued by the IASB; 

initial
 business combination are to a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock
 purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses; 

initial
 public offering are to the initial public offering that was consummated by the Company
 on December 30, 2021; 

Initial
 Stockholders or initial stockholders are to the Company s Sponsor,
 officers and directors and other holders of Founders Shares; 

insiders 
 are to our officers, directors, sponsor and any other holder of our founder shares; 

Investment
 Company Act are to the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; 

JOBS
 Act are to the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012; 

management 
 or our management team are to our officers and directors; 

Merger
 Agreement are to the Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among WTMA, Merger Sub and
 WaveTech dated as of October 31, 2022 attached hereto as Annex A; 

Merger
 Sub are to WTMA Merger Subsidiary Corp., a Delaware corporation; 

Merger 
 are to the merger of Merger Sub with and into WaveTech, with WaveTech surviving the merger
 as a wholly owned subsidiary of WTMA; 

Minimum
 Available Cash Condition are to the condition to closing that the Trust Amount, the
 PIPE Investment Amount and the aggregate gross proceeds in connection with the issuance or
 other grant of any interests, including the Convertible Notes, if any, in the aggregate,
 after the payment of certain expenses of the Business Combination, being greater than 25,000,000; 

Nasdaq 
 or NASDAQ are to the Nasdaq Stock Market; 

New
 WaveTech Common Stock are to common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of New WaveTech; 

New
 WaveTech Key Executive Alignment Program or New WaveTech KEAP are to
 the New WaveTech Key Executive Alignment Program. 

New
 WaveTech are to WTMA immediately following the consummation of the Business Combination; 

Note 
 are to the promissory note dated June 25, 2021, in which the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company
 an aggregate of up to 300,000 to cover expenses related to the IPO. 

Over-allotment 
 or over-allotment are to the partial exercise of the option on January 14,
 2022 by the underwriters; 

Over-allotment
 Units or over-allotment units are to the 227,686 additional Units purchased
 by the underwriters pursuant to the partial exercise of the option on January 14, 2022; 

PCAOB 
 are to the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States); 

v 

PIPE
 Investment Amount are to the aggregate gross purchase price received by WTMA prior
 to or substantially concurrently with the Closing for the PIPE Securities issued in the PIPE
 Investment; 

PIPE
 Investment are to the purchase of certain New WaveTech securities pursuant to the
 PIPE Subscription Agreements; 

PIPE
 Investors are to those certain investors participating in the PIPE Investment pursuant
 to the PIPE Subscription Agreements; 

PIPE
 Subscription Agreements are to the subscription agreements to be entered into by WTMA,
 on terms and conditions acceptable to WaveTech, after the date of the Merger Agreement and
 prior to Closing, pursuant to which the PIPE Investment will be consummated; 

PIPE
 Term Sheet means WTMA s proposed terms for the PIPE Investment. 

private
 rights are to the rights included within the private units purchased by our sponsor
 in the private placement and any rights included within private units issued upon conversion
 of working capital loans as described herein; 

private
 shares are to the shares of common stock included within the private units purchased
 by our sponsor in the private placement and any additional shares of common stock included
 within private units issued upon conversion of working capital loans as described herein; 

Private
 Placement Units or private placement units are to the Units that were
 sold in private placements simultaneously with the closing of the IPO; 

private
 placement are to a private placement of our units consummated in connection with our
 initial public offering; 

private
 units are to the 352,054 units we sold privately to Welsbach Acquisition Holdings
 LLC, our sponsor, in connection with our initial public offering; 

public
 shares are to shares of common stock which were sold as part of the units in our initial
 public offering (whether they were purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter
 in the open market) and references to public stockholders are to the holders
 of our public shares, including our insiders to the extent our insiders purchase public shares,
 provided that their status as public stockholders exists only with respect
 to such public shares; 

Qualified
 Stockholders means WaveTech Stockholders (including, for the avoidance of doubt, holders
 of WaveTech Awards, Series A Convertible Notes and Convertible Notes, if any) and PIPE
 Investors, to the extent they have converted their PIPE Securities into, or exercised their
 PIPE Securities for, New WaveTech Common Stock at the time a Milestone is met. For the avoidance
 of doubt, WTMA Stockholders, WTMA Rights holders and WTMA Unit holders, including the WTMA
 insiders, are not Qualified Stockholders for the purposes of the Earnout Shares; 

Redemption
 Rights are to the rights of the public stockholders to demand redemption of their
 public stock for cash. 

Registration
 Rights Agreement are to the Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement to
 be entered into at Closing, by and among WTMA, the Sponsor, the Sponsor Persons, the PIPE
 Investors and certain WaveTech Stockholders affiliated to Mr. Valand; 

Registration
 Statement are to the Form S-1 filed with the SEC December 21, 2021 (File No. 333-261467),
 as amended; 

vi 

Report 
 are to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022; 

rights 
 or public rights are to the rights which were sold as part of the units in
 our initial public offering; 

Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act are to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; 

Second
 Promissory Note are to the promissory note issued by the Company on December 30, 2022
 in the principal amount of 772,769 to the Sponsor in connection with the Extension and together
 with the First Promissory Note, the Promissory Notes . 

SEC 
 are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission; 

Securities
 Act are to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended; 

Series A
 Convertible Notes are to the convertible promissory notes, dated between August 31,
 2021 and October 4, 2022, of WaveTech in the aggregate principal amount of 1,057,500
 and 4,940,635.59 outstanding on the date of the Merger Agreement; 

Series B
 Convertible Notes are to convertible promissory notes, if any, of WaveTech issued
 by WaveTech in the aggregate principal amount of up to 15,000,000, or such other amount
 (if any) to be agreed by WaveTech and WTMA, after the date of the Merger Agreement and prior
 to the Closing; 

Shareholder
 Support and Lock-up Agreement are to those certain Support and Lock-up Agreement,
 dated October 31, 2022, entered into by and among WTMA, WaveTech and certain WaveTech
 Stockholders affiliated to Mr. Valand; 

Special
 Meeting are to the special meeting of the WTMA stockholders in lieu of its 2023 annual
 meeting; 

Sponsor
 Persons are to Daniel Mamadou, Christopher Clower, John Stanfield, Dr. Ralph
 Welpe, Emily King, Matthew Mrozinski and Sergey Marchenko; 

Sponsor
 Support and Lock-up Agreement are to that certain Support and Lock-up Agreement, dated
 October 31, 2022, by and among the Sponsor, the Sponsor Persons, WTMA and WaveTech; 

sponsor 
 or Sponsor are to Welsbach Acquisition Holdings LLC; 

Sponsors 
 or sponsors are to the Sponsor and the persons set forth in the Sponsor Support
 and Lock-up Agreement; 

Subject
 Stockholder Shares are to any shares of Company common stock owned by Company Stockholders
 immediately after the Closing; 

Subject
 Sponsor Shares are to any shares of Company common stock owned by one of the Sponsors
 immediately after the Closing; 

Talaxis 
 are to Talaxis Group, the Techmetals division within the Noble Group; 

Treasury 
 are to the U.S. Department of the Treasury; 

trust
 account or Trust Account are to the U.S.-based trust account in which
 an amount of 77,276,860 from the net proceeds of the sale of the units (as defined below)
 in the initial public offering and private placement units was placed following the closing
 of the initial public offering and the partial exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment
 option; 

vii 

Trust
 Amount are to the amount of cash available in the trust account as of the Closing,
 after deducting the amount required to satisfy WTMA s obligations; 

UHY 
 are to UHY LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm; 

Underwriting
 Agreement are to that certain underwriting agreement, dated December 27, 2021, by
 and between the Company and Chardan Capital Markets, LLC, as representative of the several
 underwriters; 

units 
 or Units are to the units sold in our initial public offering, which consist
 of one public share and one public right; and 

WaveTech
 Awards are to WaveTech Options and WaveTech Restricted Stock Unit Awards; 

WaveTech
 Capital Stock are to WaveTech Common Stock and WaveTech Preferred Stock; 

WaveTech
 Common Stock are to WaveTech s common stock, par value 0.01 per share; 

WaveTech
 Incentive Plan are to the WaveTech Group, Inc. Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended
 from time to time; 

WaveTech
 Options are to options held by WaveTech GmbH shareholders to put the common shares
 of WaveTech GmbH to WaveTech in exchange for shares of WaveTech Common Stock; 

WaveTech
 Preferred Conversion are to the conversion of each share of WaveTech Preferred Stock
 into one share of WaveTech Common Stock; 

WaveTech
 Preferred Stock are to WaveTech s Series A preferred stock; 

WaveTech
 Restricted Stock Unit Awards are to restricted stock units based on shares of WaveTech
 Common Stock (whether to be settled in cash or shares), granted under the WaveTech Incentive
 Plan; 

WaveTech
 Stockholders are to the stockholders of WaveTech and holders of WaveTech Awards and
 WaveTech Convertible Instruments; 

WaveTech 
 or the Target are to WaveTech Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation, prior to
 the Business Combination; 

we, 
 us, Company or our Company, Welsbach, 
 WTMAC, or WTMA are to Welsbach Technology Metals Acquisition
 Corp. 

Working
 Capital Loans are to loans to the Company funds by certain of the Company s
 officers and directors in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business
 Combination. 

viii 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on May 27, 2021. We were formed for the purpose of effecting
a merger, stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses,
which we refer to throughout this Report as our initial business combination. 

Although
there is no restriction or limitation on what industry or geographic region our target operates in, we have pursued and will continue
to pursue prospective targets that are in the Technology Metals and ETMs sectors; however the geographic region of our search for a prospective
target will not include China or the special administrative regions of Hong Kong or Macau and we will not undertake our initial business
combination with any entity with its principal business operations in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). 

Initial
Public Offering 

On
December 30, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering of 7,500,000 units. Each unit consists of one share of common stock, and
one right of the Company, with each right entitling the holder thereof to receive one-tenth of one share of common stock. The units were
sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 75,000,000. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the initial public offering, we completed the private sale of an aggregate of 347,500 units to our sponsor at a purchase
price of 10.00 per private placement unit, generating gross proceeds of 3,475,000. 

On
January 14, 2022, Chardan exercised the option to purchase up to 1,125,000 additional units to cover over-allotments in part and purchased
227,686 over-allotment units, which were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per over-allotment unit, generating gross proceeds of 2,276,860.
Simultaneously with the sale of the over-allotment units, the Company consummated a private sale of an additional 4,554 private placement
units to the sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 45,540. 

A
total of 77,276,860, comprised of proceeds from the initial public offering (including the over-allotment) and proceeds of the sale
of the private placement units was placed in the trust account maintained by Continental, acting as trustee. 

The
units, common stock and rights are currently listed on NASDAQ under the symbols WTMAU, WTMA and WTMAR ,
respectively. 

It
is the job of our sponsor and management team to complete our initial business combination. Our management team is led by Daniel Mamadou,
our Chief Executive Officer, John Stanfield, our Chief Financial Officer, and Christopher Clower, our Chief Operating Officer, who have
many years of experience in managing supply chains of bulk commodities. We must complete our initial business combination by March 30,
2023, 15 months from the closing of our initial public offering. If our initial business combination is not consummated by March 30,
2023, then our existence will terminate, and we will distribute all amounts in the trust account. 

1 

Our
Business Strategy and Acquisition Criteria 

Background 

Decarbonization,
the shift to alternative energy sources from carbon-based energy systems, has become a central component of economic plans for governments
and private sector companies in markets throughout the world. We are positioned to help drive and benefit from this energy transition. 

Net
Zero policies, the promotion of holistic energy systems with zero net carbon emissions, are increasingly a goal of most major
economic blocs. This trend creates a major opportunity and a supportive backdrop for companies and enterprises that foster and participate
in the production of carbon-neutral energy systems and infrastructure. 

According
to Goldman Sachs, the European Union Green Deal is estimated to channel more than 12 trillion of investment in clean energy infrastructure
by 2050. If these types of policies are adopted, the manner in which energy is produced will be transformed. Buildings and real estate
in general will be upgraded and transportation will undergo a dramatic change. By now, all major economies have embraced the energy transition. 

The
European Union Green Deal recently implemented a more aggressive target to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by at least 50 by 2030. The
EU Green Deal has a specific focus on hydrogen power and offshore wind. 

China
has also pledged to achieve net zero carbon status by 2060, pledging 16 trillion to cleantech infrastructure investments by 2060 via
renewables, green hydrogen, carbon capture nuclear energy and hydropower. 

In
the United States, lawmakers and regulators are also following suit. In May 2021, for example, California and the U.S. federal government
announced an agreement to open up areas of the Pacific Coast to the first commercial wind energy farms in an effort to promote decarbonization. 

In
response to these initiatives, new sources of metals and materials will need to be developed in order to feed the supply chains of de-carbonization
technologies and renewable energy. We call these metals and materials Technology Metals, techmetals or Energy
Transition Metals (ETMs). We intend to focus our search for our initial business combination on the Technology Metals and ETMs
markets. 

ETMs
will be needed for the refurbishment of factories, infrastructure to help the automotive industry transition away from combustion and
the efficient storage of intermittent sources of energy such as wind and solar. Welsbach is focused on the development of supply chains
to meet this surge in ETMs demand. 

Through
the transition to electric vehicles, we expect a rise in the prices of ETMs, including certain rare earth elements (REEs), lithium, cobalt,
graphite, manganese, nickel, vanadium, copper and aluminum. Current supply chains are not calibrated to handle this increase in demand.
Creating, investing and supporting new supply chains for Technology Metals is the raison d tre of Welsbach. 

In
North America, ETMs supply chains are underdeveloped as compared with Asia. According to a report commissioned by the United States Department
of Energy on rare earth magnets, there is little time for North American supply chain developers to move to action on economically
U.S-based mine-to-magnet technologies to rebalance the supply chain away from China s dominance. 

The
report identifies the mid-stream and downstream segments of the rare earths supply chain as having significant gaps in the areas of magnet
manufacturing processes, magnet powder composites, recycling technologies and environmental mitigation. The situation is similar for
nickel, cobalt, lithium and vanadium. We expect a significant ramp up of U.S. investment in ETMs and Technology Metals sectors over the
coming years as the Biden administration advances its own net zero carbon policy. 

Through
Welsbach Holdings Pte Ltd, Daniel Mamadou, our CEO, and Chris Clower, our COO, invest in and support companies that are part of the global
supply chain of Technology Metals. Welsbach Holdings Pte Ltd operates across the entire supply chain of Technology Metals and ETMs in
many geographies globally. 

Our
Business Combination Opportunity 

The
coming dominance of renewables will place further pressure on the already strained ETMs supply chains. Easy monetary policy and zero
carbon policies have created the right setting to accelerate the transition away from fossil fuels. New supply chains will need to be
created to accommodate the growth in demand for technology metals. 

2 

ETMs
are critical to the shift away from fossil fuels as the world gradually transitions to renewable and sustainable energy sources. 

Electric
vehicle batteries utilize technology metals such as cobalt, lithium, manganese, nickel, graphite and vanadium. Neodymium, praseodymium,
dysprosium and terbium are also critical rare earth technology metals, and are widely used in magnet composition, with applications that
range from tiny electric motors to rotor-less drives used in wind turbines. 

Traditionally,
the demand for these metals has been a fraction of the demand for major base metals consumption such as copper. Despite their critical
nature, ETMs have historically been obtained as by-products of other metals mining activities. The rise of renewables, the de-carbonization
of the grid, and the transition to electric vehicles is putting pressure on the ETMs supply chains, driving a fundamental transformation
of the Technology Metals supply chains. 

We
believe prices of Technology Metals and ETMs will increase, as demand increases more than supply going forward. There is a long lead
time to bring new mining projects from discovery to production and the metallurgical and chemical midstream processes required can be
capital intensive. 

As
the regulations designed to address climate change act as catalysts for the Technology Metals sector, we expect renewable sources of
energy to continue to increase their share of the energy mix across the largest economies globally. With the resulting expansion in demand
for battery storage solutions and electric motors, we also expect supply chains to be reconfigured in order to withstand shocks such
as pandemics and to provide more diversity of suppliers and to protect access to critical metals and materials. From the perspective
of North American and European consumption, we expect this supply chain reconfiguration to include an emphasis on moving midstream activities
currently located in Asia to European and American based operations. 

Our
Approach to Environmental and Social Governance 

As
the CEO and COO of both WTMAC and Welsbach Holdings Pte Ltd, our approach to ESG is conduct business that ensures our commercial relationships
are balanced and sustainable. Our business at WTMAC as well as Welsbach Holdings Pte Ltd is guided by the United Nations Global Compact
and directed by the UN Sustainable Development Goals. We have a climate strategy that focuses on investing in and supporting energy efficient
supply chains, reducing fossil fuels, and optimizing water use. In both WTMAC and Welsbach Holdings Pte Ltd we adhere to UN Sustainable
Development Goals #7 Affordable And Clean Energy , #8 Decent Work And Economic Growth , #9 Industry
Innovation and Infrastructure , #13 Climate Action , and #17 Partnerships For The Goals . 

We
believe in having our core values implemented by our partners and business counterparties. Integrity, sustainability and accountability
are the primary tenets which guide our activity. We believe that businesses must serve the purposes of society and as such, we strongly
endorse activities that foster economic growth, while positively impacting the environment. 

As
an organization committed to transitioning to a low carbon future, we deploy our resources in supply chains that support renewable energy.
By facilitating the sourcing and distribution of metals and materials that are critical to the clean energy transition, we fulfil our
goal of becoming the partner of choice for technology metals supply chain stakeholders and participants. Whether lithium or nickel for
batteries, graphite for anode material, or neodymium for the production of permanent magnets, we strive to create reliable, efficient
and resilient supply chains that deliver the highest quality product at the right time. We also ensure that our chains can withstand
sudden shocks and disruptions. 

As
an organization committed to good governance and social benefits, our sponsor is a participant in the United Nations Global Compact,
and as such we publish our policies regarding labor rights, anti-bribery, environmental as well as our conflict mineral policies. We
keep our personnel accountable to respect human rights and labor standards and to ensure that environmental protection is front and center
in our activities. We collaborate with our joint venture partners and our business counterparties to promote the best in class governance
procedures and systems. 

3 

Our
Competitive Advantage 

Our
team is composed of professionals that have expertise in in private equity investments, portfolio management, corporate restructuring,
metals and mining, physical commodity trading, supply chain management and logistics. Our specific competitive strengths are: 

Experience
in capital markets and financing solutions 

Daniel
Mamadou is the CEO of WTMAC and also an executive director of Welsbach Holdings Pte Ltd; he has honed his capital markets skills over
20 years initially as a derivatives structurer at Bank of Mitsubishi and Deutsche Bank in London, and then as a Debt and Equity Capital
Markets officer at Goldman Sachs in London, Deutsche Bank in Singapore and Nomura holdings in Hong Kong. During this period, Mr. Mamadou
led multiple fundraising projects for a wide range of companies and financial institutions in Europe, North Asia, Australia and Japan. 

Christopher
Clower is the COO of WTMAC, and also an executive director of Welsbach Holdings Pte Ltd. Christopher sits on a number of boards in South
East Asia companies, including Malacca Trust Pte Ltd, a holding company in Singapore which owns the top asset management company in Indonesia.
He spent 11 years at Merrill Lynch and raised over 4 billion of capital in the resources space. Prior to this, Mr. Clower was Managing
Director and Head of Corporate Finance in Merrill Lynch for South East Asia. Christopher also worked at Deutsche Bank (1997 - 1998) and
Bankers Trust (1994 - 1997). 

Experience
in acquisition and development of natural resource assets 

Daniel
Mamadou and his team have been actively sourcing, analyzing, and investing in Technology Metals and ETMs markets since 2015. He has built
up his knowledge of the entire supply chain of ETMs and rare earths from upstream projects to junior mining, to the midstream refining
sector and the downstream industrial applications including neodymium and praseodymium metals and permanent magnets and recycling systems.
As the founder and Executive Director of the Talaxis Group, the Techmetals division within Noble Group, Daniel Mamadou invested approximately
 22.8 million of Noble Group internal capital to acquire equity stakes in seven Technology Metals companies and achieved a weighted average
deal level multiple of invested capital of 5.6x with 75.3 IRR over an investment period of slightly more than 3 years. Christopher Clower
co-founded, built and sold PT Manoor Bulatn Lestari, an Indonesian resource company and achieved 30x multiple of invested capital (MOIC) in two years for himself and his investors. 

Experience
in supply chain and logistics 

The
team has a track record of managing supply chains of bulk commodities. Prior to WTMAC, Daniel Mamadou founded and led Talaxis, the Technology
Metals division of Noble Group Holdings. Noble Group Holdings is an Asia-based independent energy products and industrial raw materials
supply chain manager. Noble Group has operations in more than 50 countries and more than 35 years of experience in Asia. While leading
Talaxis, Daniel invested in and developed projects related to Technology Metals, with a special focus on rare earth elements. He was
instrumental in establishing a network of supply chain partners in the upstream and midstream segments. Mr. Mamadou s range of
activities involved the sourcing, marketing, processing, supplying, financing and transporting of energy transition metals and materials,
with a particular focus on projects related to battery-grade and electric vehicle materials such as nickel, lithium, graphite, and vanadium
in various worldwide locations to cover the entire supply chain. As the founder and Executive Director of Talaxis, Daniel Mamadou invested
approximately 22.8 million of Noble Group internal capital to acquire equity stakes in seven Techmetals companies and achieved a weighted
average deal level multiple of invested capital of 5.6x with 75.3 IRR over an investment period of slightly more than 3 years. 

Independent
board members and network of advisors 

WTMAC s
senior management benefits from the support and assistance of independent board members and a network of advisors that have a proven
track record in identifying, evaluating and negotiating with businesses and companies in the sectors that are relevant for WTMAC. A strong
emphasis on diversity and skills has been made regarding the composition of the board, with the inclusion of independent directors that
are competent in the fields of mergers and acquisitions as well as disciplines related to geology and mining sectors. 

4 

Effecting
a Business Combination 

General 

A
business combination may involve the acquisition of, or merger with, a company which does not need substantial additional capital but
which desires to establish a public trading market for its shares, while avoiding what it may deem to be adverse consequences of undertaking
a public offering itself. These include time delays, significant expense, loss of voting control and compliance with various U.S. Federal
and state securities laws. In the alternative, we may seek to consummate a business combination with a company that may be in its early
stages of development or growth. While we may seek to effect simultaneous business combinations with more than one target business, we
will probably have the ability, as a result of our limited resources, to effect only a single business combination. 

We
are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any substantive commercial business until we complete the Business Combination
with WaveTech or another target business. 

Sources
of Target Businesses 

Target
business candidates may be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers, venture capital
funds, private equity funds, leveraged buyout funds, management buyout funds and other members of the financial community. Target businesses
may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings which will
not commence until after the completion of our initial public offering. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses they
think we may be interested in on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read the prospectus in connection with our
initial public offering or this Report and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their
respective affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts
as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. We may engage
the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions, in which event we may pay a finder s
fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction.
In no event, however, will any of our existing insiders, special advisors or any entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any finder s
fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business
combination (regardless of the type of transaction). If we decide to enter into a business combination with a target business that is
affiliated with our insiders, we will do so only if we have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that the
business combination is fair to our unaffiliated stockholders from a financial point of view. However, as of the date of this Report,
there is no affiliated entity that we consider a business combination target. 

If
any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity
to which he or she has pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination
opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. All of our officers, directors and director
nominees currently have certain relevant pre-existing fiduciary duties or contractual obligations. 

5 

Lack
of Business Diversification 

For
an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely
on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with
multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate
the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification
may: 

subject
 us to negative economic, competitive, and regulatory developments, any or all of which may
 have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our
 initial business combination; and 

cause
 us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products
 or services. 

Limited
Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team 

Although
we closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business
combination with that business, our assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct. The future role
of members of our management team, if any, in the target business, cannot presently be stated with any certainty. Consequently, members
of our management team may not become a part of the target s management team, and the future management may not have the necessary
skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Further, it is also not certain whether one or more of our directors
will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination. Moreover, members of our management team
may not have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. Our key personnel may
not remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel
will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

Following
our initial business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business.
We may not have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or
experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Fair
Market Value of Target Business 

NASDAQ
listing rules require that we must consummate an initial business combination with one or more operating businesses or assets with a
fair market value equal to at least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting
discount held in trust) at the time we sign a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our Board determined
that this test was met in connection with the proposed Business Combination. 

Stockholder
Approval of Business Combination 

In
connection with any proposed business combination, we will either (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at
a meeting called for such purpose at which public stockholders (but not our insiders, officers or directors) may seek to convert their
shares of common stock, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into a portion of the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account, or (2) provide our stockholders with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means
of a tender offer (and therefore avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account, in each case subject to the limitations described herein. If we determine to engage in a
tender offer, such tender offer will be structured so that each stockholder may tender all of his, her or its shares rather than some
pro rata portion of his, her or its shares. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination
or whether we will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and
will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise
require us to seek stockholder approval. We anticipate that our business combination could be completed by way of a merger, share exchange,
asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar transaction. Stockholder approval will not be required
under Delaware law if the business combination is structured as an acquisition of assets of the target company, a share exchange with
target company stockholders or a purchase of stock of the target company; however, Nasdaq rules would require us to obtain stockholder
approval if we seek to issue shares representing 20 or more of our outstanding shares as consideration in a business combination. A
merger of our company into a target company would require stockholder approval under Delaware law. A merger of a target company into
our company would not require stockholder approval unless the merger results in a change to our certificate of incorporation, or if the
shares issued in connection with the merger exceed 20 of our outstanding shares prior to the merger. A merger of a target company with
a subsidiary of our company would not require stockholder approval unless the merger results in a change in our certificate of incorporation;
however, Nasdaq rules would require us to obtain stockholder approval of such a transaction if we week to issue shares representing 20 
or more of our outstanding shares as consideration. 

6 

If
a stockholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will provide
our stockholders with an opportunity to tender their shares to us pursuant to a tender offer pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E
of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and we will file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially
the same financial and other information about the initial business combination as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. 

In
the event we allow stockholders to tender their shares pursuant to the tender offer rules, our tender offer will remain open for at least
20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business
combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders
not tendering more than a specified number of public shares, which number will be based on the requirement that we may not purchase public
shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC s
 penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating
to our initial business combination. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the
tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. 

If,
however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law or Nasdaq requirements, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval
for business or other legal reasons, we will: 

permit
 stockholders to convert their shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to
 Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not
 pursuant to the tender offer rules, and 

file
 proxy materials with the SEC. 

In
the event that we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection
therewith, provide stockholders with the conversion rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

We
will consummate our initial business combination only if public stockholders do not exercise conversion rights in an amount that would
cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 and a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in
favor of the business combination. As a result, if stockholders owning approximately 93.75 or more of the shares of common stock sold
in our initial public offering exercise conversion rights, the business combination will not be consummated. However, the actual percentages
will only be able to be determined once a target business is located and we can assess all of the assets and liabilities of the combined
company (which would include the fee payable to the underwriters in an amount equal to 3.5 of the total gross proceeds raised in the
initial public offering as described elsewhere in this Report, any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by our insiders or their affiliates
in connection with certain activities on our behalf, such as identifying and investigating possible business targets and business combinations
that have not been repaid at that time, as well as any other liabilities of ours and the liabilities of the target business) upon consummation
of the proposed business combination, subject to the requirement that we must have at least 5,000,001 of net tangible assets upon closing
of such business combination. As a result, the actual percentages of shares that can be converted may be significantly lower than our
estimates. We chose our net tangible asset threshold of 5,000,001 to ensure that we would avoid being subject to Rule 419 promulgated
under the Securities Act. However, if we seek to consummate an initial business combination with a target business that imposes any type
of working capital closing condition or requires us to have a minimum amount of funds available from the trust account upon consummation
of such initial business combination, our net tangible asset threshold may limit our ability to consummate such initial business combination
(as we may be required to have a lesser number of shares converted) and may force us to seek third-party financing which may not be available
on terms acceptable to us or at all. As a result, we may not be able to consummate such initial business combination and we may not be
able to locate another suitable target within the applicable time period, if at all. Public stockholders may therefore have to wait until
March 30, 2023 in order to be able to receive a portion of the trust account. 

7 

Our
insiders, including our officers and directors, have agreed (1) to vote any shares of common stock owned by them in favor of any proposed
business combination, (2) not to convert any shares of common stock into the right to receive cash from the trust account in connection
with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination or a vote to amend the provisions of our certificate of incorporation
relating to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity and (3) not to sell any shares of common stock in any tender
in connection with a proposed initial business combination. 

Depending
on how a business combination was structured, any stockholder approval requirement could be satisfied by obtaining the approval of either
(i) a majority of the shares of our common stock that were voted at the meeting (assuming a quorum was present at the meeting), or (ii)
a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock. Because our insiders collectively beneficially own approximately 22.8 of our
issued and outstanding shares of common stock and as a result of the insider s agreement to vote in favor of a business combination,
unless otherwise required by applicable law, regulation or stock exchange rules, in addition to the founder shares, we would need only
3,073,910, or approximately 39.77 (assuming all outstanding shares are voted) or 570,994, or approximately 73.88 (assuming only the
minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted and the over-allotment option is not exercised), of the 7,727,686 public shares
sold in the initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination. 

Stockholders
May Not Have the Ability to Approve an Initial Business Combination 

We
may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder approval
if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal
reasons. Presented in the table below is a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and whether
stockholder approval is currently required under Delaware law for each such transaction. 

Type of
 Transaction 
 
 Whether
 Stockholder 
 Approval is Required 
 
 Purchase of assets 
 
 No 
 
 Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger
 with the company 
 
 No 
 
 Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company 
 
 No 
 
 Merger of the company with a target 
 
 Yes 

Under
Nasdaq s listing rules, stockholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we
 issue shares of common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of shares
 of our common stock then outstanding; 

any
 of our directors, officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a
 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly
 or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present
 or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common shares
 or voting power of 5 or more; or 

the
 issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of
 control. 

In
connection with any proposed business combination, we will either (1) seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination at
a meeting called for such purpose at which public stockholders may seek to redeem their public shares, regardless of whether they vote
for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account (net of taxes payable) or (2) provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to sell their public shares to us by means
of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account (net of taxes payable), in each case subject to the limitations described herein. 

8 

If
we determine to engage in a tender offer, such tender offer will be structured so that each stockholder may tender any or all of his,
her or its public shares rather than some pro rata portion of his, her or its shares. The decision as to whether we will seek
stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will
be made by us based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise
require us to seek stockholder approval. If we so choose and we are legally permitted to do so, we have the flexibility to avoid a stockholder
vote and allow our stockholders to sell their shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act which regulate issuer
tender offers. In that case, we will file tender offer documents with the SEC which will contain substantially the same financial and
other information about the initial business combination as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. We will consummate our initial
business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 upon such consummation and, solely if we seek stockholder
approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination. 

We
chose our net tangible asset threshold of 5,000,001 to ensure that we would avoid being subject to Rule 419. However, if we seek to
consummate an initial business combination with a target business that imposes any type of working capital closing condition or requires
us to have a minimum amount of funds available from the trust account upon consummation of such initial business combination, our net
tangible asset threshold may limit our ability to consummate such initial business combination (as we may be required to have a lesser
number of shares redeemed or sold to us) and may force us to seek third party financing which may not be available on terms acceptable
to us or at all. As a result, we may not be able to consummate such initial business combination and we may not be able to locate another
suitable target within the applicable time period, if at all. Public stockholders may therefore have to until March 30, 2023 in order
to be able to receive a pro rata share of the trust account. 

Permitted
Purchases of our Securities 

In
the event that we, the Sponsor, the other initial stockholders and/or any of their respective affiliates purchase public shares in privately
negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders
would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their public shares. Any purchases of public shares made by us, the Sponsor,
the other initial stockholders or any of their respective affiliates would not be voted in favor of the Business Combination Proposal
and Redemptions Rights (if any) over such purchased securities would be waived by the aforementioned persons. To the extent the transaction
occurs following the date of this proxy statement/prospectus, the purchase price of any public shares to be acquired by us, the Sponsor,
the other initial stockholders or any of their respective affiliates, will be at a price no higher than the redemption price offered
to public shareholders. In addition, we will file a Current Report on Form 8-K and will (i) amend the proxy statement/prospectus,
if such arrangements are entered into prior to effectiveness of the Registration Statement on Form S-4, or (ii) file a proxy supplement,
if such arrangements are entered into after effectiveness of such Registration Statement, to disclose any arrangements entered into or
significant purchases made by any of the aforementioned persons that would affect the vote on the Business Combination Proposal or the
satisfaction of any closing conditions. Any such disclosures will include descriptions of any arrangements entered into or significant
purchases by any of the aforementioned persons, and will describe the material costs of such arrangements to us and WaveTech, as well
as their potential impact to New WaveTech after giving effect to the Business Combination. 

9 

Conversion
Rights 

At
any meeting called to approve an initial business combination, any public stockholder, whether voting for or against such proposed business
combination, will be entitled to demand that his or her shares of common stock be converted for a full pro rata portion of the amount
then in the trust account 10.00 per share as of December 31, 2022), plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the trust
account and not previously released to us or necessary to pay our taxes. Alternatively, we may provide our public stockholders with the
opportunity to sell their shares of our common stock to us through a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote)
for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, net of taxes payable. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of his or hers or any other person with whom he or she is acting in
concert or as a group (as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking conversion
rights with respect to 20 or more of the shares of common stock sold in our initial public offering. Such a public stockholder would
still be entitled to vote against a proposed business combination with respect to all shares of common stock owned by him or her, or
his or her affiliates. We believe this restriction will prevent stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares before the vote
held to approve a proposed business combination and attempt to use the conversion right as a means to force us or our management to purchase
their shares at a significant premium to the then current market price. By not allowing a stockholder to convert more than 20 of the
shares of common stock sold in our initial public offering, we believe we have limited the ability of a small group of stockholders to
unreasonably attempt to block a transaction which is favored by our other public stockholders. 

None
of our insiders will have the right to receive cash from the trust account in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed
initial business combination or a vote to amend the provisions of our certificate of incorporation relating to stockholders rights
or pre-business combination activity with respect to any shares of common stock owned by them, directly or indirectly, whether acquired
prior to our initial public offering or purchased by them in our initial public offering or in the aftermarket. 

We
may also require public stockholders who wish to convert, whether they are a record holder or hold their shares in street name, 
to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent at any time through the vote on the business combination or to deliver their
shares to the transfer agent electronically using the DWAC System, at the holder s option. The proxy solicitation materials that
we will furnish to stockholders in connection with the vote for any proposed business combination will indicate whether we are requiring
stockholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a stockholder would have from the time the stockholder received our
proxy statement through the vote on the business combination to deliver his or her shares if he or she wishes to seek to exercise his
or her conversion rights. Under Delaware law and our bylaws, we are required to provide at least 10 days advance notice of any
stockholder meeting, which would be the minimum amount of time a public stockholder would have to determine whether to exercise conversion
rights. 

There
is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced delivery process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through
the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker 45.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not
to pass this cost on to the holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders to deliver their
shares prior to the vote on the business combination in order to exercise conversion rights. This is because a holder would need to deliver
shares to exercise conversion rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. However, in the event we require
stockholders to deliver their shares prior to the vote on the proposed business combination and the proposed business combination is
not consummated, this may result in an increased cost to stockholders. 

The
foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. Traditionally, in order to perfect conversion rights in
connection with a blank check company s business combination, the company would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders 
vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the
proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her conversion rights. After the business combination was approved,
the company would contact such stockholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result,
the stockholder then had an option window after the consummation of the business combination during which he or she could
monitor the price of the company s stock in the market. If the price rose above the conversion price, he or she could sell his
or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the conversion
rights, to which stockholders were aware they needed to commit before the stockholder meeting, would become a continuing 
right surviving past the consummation of the business combination until the holder delivered its certificate. 

10 

The
requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a holder s election to convert his or her shares
is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. 

Any
request to convert such shares once made may be withdrawn at any time up to the vote on the proposed business combination. Furthermore,
if a holder of a public share delivered his or her certificate in connection with an election of their conversion and subsequently decides
prior to the vote on the proposed business combination not to elect to exercise such rights, he or she may simply request that the transfer
agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). 

If
the Business Combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their conversion
rights would not be entitled to convert their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly
return any shares delivered by public holders. 

Liquidation
if No Business Combination 

Unless
we submit and our stockholders approve an extension, if the Business Combination (or combination with another target business) is not
completed by the liquidation date, such condition will trigger our automatic winding up, liquidation and dissolution pursuant to the
terms of the Charter. As a result, this has the same effect as if we had formally gone through a voluntary liquidation procedure under
the DGCL. Accordingly, no vote would be required from our stockholders to commence such a voluntary winding up, liquidation and
dissolution. 

The
amount in the trust account (less approximately 228 representing the aggregate nominal par value of the common stock as of December
31, 2022) under the DGCL will be treated as a share premium which is distributable under the DGCL provided that immediately following
the date on which the proposed distribution is proposed to be made, we are able to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course
of business. If we are forced to liquidate the trust account, we anticipate that we would distribute to our stockholders the amount in
the trust account calculated as of the date that is two (2) business days prior to the distribution date (including any accrued
interest) including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account, and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided
by the number of then outstanding public stock, subject to certain limitations. Prior to such distribution, we would be required to assess
all claims that may be potentially brought against it by its creditors for amounts they are actually owed and make provision for such
amounts, as creditors take priority over our shareholders with respect to amounts that are owed to them. We cannot assure you that it
will properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against it. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for
any claims of creditors to the extent of distributions received by them as an unlawful payment in the event we enter an insolvent liquidation.
Furthermore, while we have obtained and will continue to seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than its independent auditors),
prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business and prospective target businesses execute agreements with us
waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in or to any monies held in the trust account, there is no guarantee
that they will execute such agreements. Nor is there any guarantee that, even if such entities execute such agreements with us, they
will not seek recourse against the trust account or that a court would conclude that such agreements are legally enforceable. 

The
Sponsor and our directors and officers have agreed to waive their rights to participate in any liquidation of the trust account or other
assets with respect to any of our common stock held by them and to vote their common stock in favor of any dissolution and plan of distribution
which we submit to a vote of stockholders. No consideration was received by such persons in respect of such waiver. There will be no
distribution from the trust account with respect to the Rights, which will expire worthless. 

Pursuant
to the Merger Agreement, WaveTech has agreed that it and its affiliates will not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind
in or to any monies in the trust account held for our Stockholders, and agreed not to, and waived any right to, make any claim against
the trust account (including any distributions therefrom) except, in each case with respect to claims that WaveTech or its affiliates
may have in the future against our assets or funds that are not held in the trust account (other than distributions to our Stockholders)
and claims against any other Person (or any affiliate thereof) that is party to an alternative business combination consummated by us. 

If
we are unable to complete the Business Combination and expend all of the net proceeds of the IPO, other than the proceeds deposited in
the trust account and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share distribution from the
trust account would be approximately 10.31 based on the value of the trust account as of December 31, 2022. 

11 

The
proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would be prior to the claims
of the public stockholders. Although we have obtained and will continue to seek to have all vendors, including lenders for money borrowed,
prospective target businesses or other entities we engage execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any
kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute
such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account,
including but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging
the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with a claim against our assets, including the funds held
in the trust account. 

The
Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to
us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in
the trust account to below (a) 10.00 per our common stock (or such higher amount then held in trust) or (b) such lesser amount
per our common stock held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value
of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who
executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters
of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver
is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party
claims. Additionally, if we are forced to file a bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against it which is not dismissed,
the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and
subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete
the trust account, we cannot assure you it will be able to return to the our stockholders at least 10.00 per public stock (or such higher
amount then held in trust). 

Because
we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires it to adopt a plan, based on facts known
to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against
us within the 10 years following our dissolution. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company,
and our operations are limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from
our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section 281(b) of
the DGCL, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s
pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would likely be barred
after the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess all claims that may be potentially
brought against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received
by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the
pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public stock in the event we
do not complete our initial business combination within the allotted time period is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware
law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations
for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the
case of a liquidating distribution. 

Certificate
of Incorporation 

Our
certificate of incorporation contains certain requirements and restrictions relating to our initial public offering that will apply to
us until the consummation of our initial business combination. If we hold a stockholder vote to amend any provisions of our certificate
of incorporation relating to stockholder s rights or pre-business combination activity (including the substance or timing within
which we have to complete a business combination), we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares
of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise
and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, in connection with any such vote. Our insiders have agreed
to waive any conversion rights with respect to any founder shares, private shares and any public shares they may hold in connection with
any vote to amend our certificate of incorporation. Specifically, our certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that: 

prior
 to the consummation of our initial business combination, we shall either (1) seek stockholder
 approval of our initial business combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which
 public stockholders may seek to convert their shares of common stock, regardless of whether
 they vote for or against the proposed business combination, into a portion of the aggregate
 amount then on deposit in the trust account, net of taxes payable, or (2) provide our stockholders
 with the opportunity to sell their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid
 the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate
 amount then on deposit in the trust account, net of taxes payable, in each case subject to
 the limitations described herein; 

12 

we
 will consummate our initial business combination only if public stockholders do not exercise
 conversion rights in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001
 and a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the
 business combination; 

if
 our initial business combination is not consummated within 9 months of the closing of our
 initial public offering, then our existence will terminate, and we will distribute all amounts
 in the trust account to all of our public holders of shares of common stock; 

upon
 the consummation of our initial public offering and the partial exercise of the underwriter s
 over-allotment option, 77,276,860 was placed into the trust account; 

we
 may not consummate any other business combination, merger, capital stock exchange, asset
 acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar transaction prior to our initial business
 combination; and 

prior
 to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock
 that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii)
 vote on any initial business combination. 

Potential
Revisions to Agreements with Insiders 

Each
of our insiders has entered into letter agreements with us pursuant to which each of them has agreed to do certain things relating to
us and our activities prior to a business combination. We could seek to amend these letter agreements without the approval of stockholders,
although we have no intention to do so. In particular: 

Restrictions
 relating to liquidating the trust account if we failed to consummate a business combination
 in the time-frames specified above could be amended, but only if we allowed all stockholders
 to redeem their shares in connection with such amendment; 

Restrictions
 relating to our insiders being required to vote in favor of a business combination or against
 any amendments to our organizational documents could be amended to allow our insiders to
 vote on a transaction as they wished; 

The
 requirement of members of the management team to remain our officer or director until the
 closing of a business combination could be amended to allow persons to resign from their
 positions with us if, for example, the current management team was having difficulty locating
 a target business and another management team had a potential target business; 

The
 restrictions on transfer of our securities could be amended to allow transfer to third parties
 who were not members of our original management team; 

The
 obligation of our management team to not propose amendments to our organizational documents
 could be amended to allow them to propose such changes to our stockholders; 

The
 obligation of insiders to not receive any compensation in connection with a business combination
 could be modified in order to allow them to receive such compensation; and 

The
 requirement to obtain a valuation for any target business affiliated with our insiders, in
 the event it was too expensive to do so. 

13 

Except
as specified above, stockholders would not be required to be given the opportunity to redeem their shares in connection with such changes.
Such changes could result in: 

Our
 having an extended period of time to consummate a business combination (although with less
 in trust as a certain number of our stockholders would certainly redeem their shares in connection
 with any such extension); 

Our
 insiders being able to vote against a business combination or in favor of changes to our
 organizational documents; 

Our
 operations being controlled by a new management team that our stockholders did not elect
 to invest with; 

Our
 insiders receiving compensation in connection with a business combination; and 

Our
 insiders closing a transaction with one of their affiliates without receiving an independent
 valuation of such business. 

We
will not agree to any such changes unless we believed that such changes were in the best interests of our stockholders (for example,
if we believed such a modification were necessary to complete a business combination). Each of our officers and directors has fiduciary
obligations to us requiring that he or she act in our best interests and the best interests of our stockholders. 

Competition 

In
identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective
similar to ours. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations
directly or through affiliates. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources than us and our financial
resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there may be numerous
potential target businesses that we could complete a business combination with utilizing the net proceeds of our initial public offering,
our ability to compete in completing a business combination with certain sizable target businesses may be limited by our available financial
resources. 

The
following also may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses: 

our
 obligation to seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination or engage in
 a tender offer may delay the completion of a transaction; 

our
 obligation to convert shares of common stock held by our public stockholders may reduce the
 resources available to us for our initial business combination; 

our
 obligation to pay the deferred underwriting discounts to the underwriters upon consummation
 of our initial business combination; 

our
 obligation to either repay working capital loans that may be made to us by our insiders or
 their affiliates; 

our
 obligation to register the resale of the founder shares, as well as the private units (and
 underlying securities) and any shares issued to our insiders or their affiliates upon conversion
 of working capital loans; and 

the
 impact on the target business assets as a result of unknown liabilities under the
 securities laws or otherwise depending on developments involving us prior to the consummation
 of a business combination. 

14 

Any of these factors may
place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating our initial business combination. Our management believes, however,
that our status as a public entity and potential access to the United States public equity markets may give us a competitive advantage
over privately held entities having a similar business objective as ours in connection with an initial business combination with a target
business with significant growth potential on favorable terms. 

If we succeed in effecting
the Business Combination, there will be, in all likelihood, significant competition from New WaveTech s competitors. We cannot assure
you that, subsequent to the Business Combination, New WaveTech will have the resources or ability to compete effectively. 

Employees 

We have four executive officers.
These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters and intend to devote only as much time as they
deem necessary to our affairs. The amount of time they devote in any time period will vary based on circumstances, including whether a
target business has been selected for the business combination and the stage of the business combination process the company is in. Accordingly,
once a suitable target business to consummate our initial business combination with has been located, management will spend more time
investigating such target business and negotiating and processing the business combination (and consequently spend more time on our affairs)
than had been spent prior to locating a suitable target business. We presently expect our executive officers to devote an average of approximately
10 hours per week to our business. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the consummation of our initial business
combination. 

Periodic Reporting and Audited Financial
Statements 

We have registered our units,
common stock and rights under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly
and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports, including this Report,
contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. 

We will provide stockholders
with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of any proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents
sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. These financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance
with or reconciled to United States GAAP or IFRS as issued by the IASB. A particular target business identified by us as a potential business
combination candidate may not have the necessary financial statements. To the extent that this requirement cannot be met, we may not be
able to consummate our initial business combination with the proposed target business. 

We may be required by the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act to have our internal control over financial reporting audited for the year ending December 31, 2023. A target company
may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding the adequacy of their internal control over financial
reporting. The development of the internal control over financial reporting of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such initial business combination. 

JOBS Act 

We are an emerging
growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012,
or the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable
to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply
with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure
obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding
a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved.
If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the
prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

15 

In addition, Section 107
of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided
in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging
growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies.
We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period until we are no longer an emerging growth company. 

We will remain an emerging
growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial
public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large
accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior
June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year
period. References herein to emerging growth company shall have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. 

Item
 1A. Risk Factors. 

As a smaller reporting company,
we are not required to include risk factors in this Report. However, below is a partial list of material risks, uncertainties and other
factors that could have a material effect on the Company and its operations: 

Since the Sponsor and our directors and executive officers
have interests that are different than the interests of our stockholders, a conflict of interest may have existed in determining whether
the Business Combination with WaveTech is appropriate. 

The exercise of our directors and executive officers 
discretion in agreeing to changes or waivers in the terms of the Business Combination may result in a conflict of interest. 

Nasdaq may not list New WaveTech s securities on its
exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in New WaveTech s securities and subject New WaveTech
to additional trading restrictions. 

Public stockholders will experience immediate dilution as
a consequence of the issuance of New WaveTech Common Stock as consideration in the Business Combination and the PIPE Investment, and
due to future issuances such as the Earnout Shares and pursuant to the New WaveTech KEAP. Having a minority stock ownership position
may reduce the influence that our current stockholders have on the management of New WaveTech. 

If the conditions to the Merger Agreement are not met, the
Business Combination may not occur. 

The initial stockholders have agreed to vote in favor of
the Business Combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote. 

We may be forced to close the Business Combination even if
the our Board determines it is no longer in the best interest of our stockholders. 

We may waive one or more of the conditions to the Business
Combination. 

Legal proceedings in connection with the Business Combination,
the outcomes of which are uncertain, could delay or prevent the completion of the Business Combination. 

We and WaveTech will incur significant transaction and transition
costs in connection with the Business Combination. 

Our ability to successfully effect the Business Combination
and New WaveTech s ability to successfully operate the business thereafter will be largely dependent upon the efforts of certain
key personnel of WaveTech, all of whom we expect to stay with New WaveTech following the Closing. The loss of such key personnel could
negatively impact the operations and financial results of the combined business. 

Unanticipated changes in effective tax rates or adverse outcomes
resulting from examination of New WaveTech s income or other tax returns could adversely affect New WaveTech s financial
condition and results of operations. 

We cannot be certain as to the number of shares of public
stock that will be redeemed and the potential impact to public stockholders who do not elect to redeem their public stock. 

The Sponsor may elect to purchase stock from public stockholders
prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, which may influence the vote on the Business Combination and reduce the public
 float of our securities. 

If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held
in the trust account could be reduced and the per share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share. 

16 

Our stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties
against it to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. 

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account
to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed,
the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders. 

The Merger may fail to qualify as a tax-free reorganization
for federal income tax purposes. 

The Excise Tax included in the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022
may decrease the value of New WaveTech securities following the Business Combination and decrease the amount of funds available for distribution. 

If you or a group of stockholders of which
you are a part are deemed to hold an aggregate of more than 20.0 of the public stock, you (or, if a member of such a group, all of the
members of such group in the aggregate) will lose the ability to redeem all such stock in excess of 20.0 of the public stock unless
we consent to such redemption. 

There is uncertainty regarding the U.S. federal income
tax consequences of the redemption to the holders of our common stock. 

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the
trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public
stock, potentially at a loss. 

The Business Combination may be subject to U.S. foreign investment
regulations that may impose conditions on or limit certain investors ability to purchase our stock or otherwise participate in
the Business Combination, potentially making the stock less attractive to investors. 

If we are not able to complete the Business Combination with
WaveTech by March 30, 2023, nor are able to complete another business combination by such date, er would cease all operations except
for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public stock and liquidate, in which case our public stockholders may only receive
 10.00 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and any public rights will expire worthless. 

If we fail to consummate an initial business combination,
our stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption
of their shares. 

For the complete list of
risks relating to our operations and the Business Combination, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in our proxy
statement/prospectus on form S-4 (file number 333-268345). 

Item
 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

Not applicable. 

Item 2. Properties. 

Our executive offices are
located at 160 S Craig Place, Lombard, Illinois 60148, and our telephone number is (510) 900-0242. The cost for our use of this space
is included in the 10,000 per month fee we pay to our sponsor for office space, administrative and shared personnel support services.
We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

In connection with the Business Combination, two
of our purported shareholders have sent demand letters requesting that we provide additional disclosures in an amendment to the registration
statement filed in connection with the Business Combination. We believe that the allegations in the demand letters are meritless and that
no additional disclosure is required in such registration statement. No litigation has been filed in respect of these allegations and
we are currently unable to reasonably determine the outcome or estimate any potential losses should any litigation be filed, and, as such,
has not recorded a loss contingency. There is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against
us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such or against any of our property. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

17 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

(a) Market
Information 

Our units, public shares
and public rights are each traded on the Nasdaq under the symbols WTMAU, WTMA and WTMAR, respectively. Our units commenced public trading
on December 28, 2021, and our public shares and public rights commenced separate public trading on January 20, 2022. 

(b) Holders 

On January 31, 2023, there
were two holders of record of our units, thirteen holders of record of shares of our common stock and one holder of record of our public
rights. 

(c) Dividends 

We have not paid any cash
dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination.
The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general
financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our
initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors
is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any
indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants
we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d) Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

See Item 12, Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

(e) Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

(f) Use
of Proceeds from the Initial Public Offering 

On December 30, 2021, pursuant
to the Registration Statement, which was declared effective on December 27, 2021, the Company consummated its initial public offering
of 7,500,000 units. Each unit consists of one public share and one public right, with each public right entitling the holder thereof to
one-tenth of one share of common stock. The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of
 75,000,000. Chardan Capital Markets, LLC acted as book-runner and representatives of the underwriters of the initial public offering. 

On January 14, 2022, Chardan
purchased 227,686 units pursuant to the partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option, which were sold at an offering
price of 10.00 per over-allotment unit, generating gross proceeds of 2,276,860. Simultaneously with the sale of the over-allotment units,
the Company consummated a private sale of an additional 4,554 private placement units to the sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 45,540. 

A total of 77,276,250 of
the proceeds from the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement units (including those sold in connection with the
underwriters exercise of the over-allotment option), was placed in a U.S.-based trust account maintained by Continental, acting
as trustee. The proceeds held in the trust account may be invested by the trustee only in U.S. government securities with a maturity of
185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. government treasury obligations and meeting certain conditions under
Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. 

(g) Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

18 

Item 6. Reserved. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

References to the Company, 
 us, our or we refer to Welsbach Technology Metals Acquisition Corp. The following discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements
and related notes included herein. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements 

All statements other than
statements of historical fact included in this Report including, without limitation, statements under this Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business strategy
and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward- looking statements. When used in this Report, words such
as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend and similar expressions,
as they relate to us or the Company s management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based
on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, the Company s management.
Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward- looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed
in our filings with the SEC. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on the Company s
behalf are qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. 

The following discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the
notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes
forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Item 7. MANAGEMENT S
DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

The following discussion
and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated
financial statements and the notes related thereto which are included in Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes
forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result
of many factors, including those set forth under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factor Summary, 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization, or similar business
combination with one or more target businesses. We intend to effectuate our business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial
public offering and the sale of the placement units that occurred simultaneously with the completion of our initial public offering, our
capital stock, debt or a combination of cash, stock and debt. 

We expect to continue to
incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a business combination
will be successful. 

19 

Recent Developments 

On October 19, 2022, the
Company formed WTMA Merger Subsidiary Corp., as a direct and wholly owned subsidiary of the Company incorporated in Delaware to be the
Merger Sub under the Merger Agreement entered into by the Company on October 31, 2022. 

Merger Agreement 

On October 31, 2022, the
Company entered into the Merger Agreement by and among the Company, Merger Sub and WaveTech. 

The Merger Consideration 

The Merger Agreement provides
that, among other things and upon the terms and subject to the conditions thereof, the following transactions will occur: 

i. prior to the effective time of the Merger, each share of the Series A preferred stock of WaveTech, par
value 0.01 per share will be converted into one share of common stock of WaveTech, par value 0.01 per share; 

ii. at the closing of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, upon the terms and subject to
the conditions of the Merger Agreement and in accordance with DGCL, Merger Sub will merge with and into WaveTech, the separate corporate
existence of Merger Sub will cease and WaveTech shall continue as the surviving corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of WTMA; 

iii. as a result of the Merger, among other things, all outstanding shares of capital stock of WaveTech (after
giving effect to the WaveTech Preferred Conversion) (other than (A) treasury shares, (B) dissenting shares and (C) shares
of capital stock of WaveTech subject to stock awards) will be canceled and converted into the right to receive newly issued shares of
common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, of the Company determined based on a pre-money enterprise valuation of WaveTech of
 150.0 million and a 10.00 price per share of the Company Common Stock; and 

iv. the Company will immediately be renamed WaveTech Group Inc. 

Registration Rights Agreement 

At the closing of the Business
Combination, the Sponsor and certain other investors party thereto will enter into a registration rights agreement with the Company, pursuant
to which, among other things, (i) the Company s existing registrant rights agreement will be terminated, (ii) the Company will file
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission a registration statement on Form S-1 registering the resale, pursuant to Rule 415 under
the Securities Act of 1933, of certain shares of the Company Common Stock and certain other equity securities of the Company held by the
Holders as soon as practicable, but in any event within thirty (30) days after the Closing; (iii) the Holders will be entitled to certain
demand registration rights in connection with an underwritten shelf takedown offering, in each case subject to certain limitations set
forth in the Registration Rights Agreement; and (iv) the Holders have certain piggy-back registration rights, in each case subject to
certain limitations set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement. 

The foregoing summary of
the Registration Rights Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the form of the
Registration Rights Agreement, a copy was filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC November 1, 2022
and incorporated by reference herein. 

Sponsor Support and Lock-up Agreement 

On October 31, 2022, the
Company and WaveTech entered into a Sponsor Support and Lock-up Agreement, with the Sponsors pursuant to which the Sponsors agreed to,
among other things, (i) vote in favor of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, in each case, subject to
the terms and conditions contemplated by the Sponsor Support and Lock-up Agreement and (ii) vote against and withhold consent with respect
to any merger, purchase of all or substantially all of the Company s assets or other business combination transaction (other than
the Merger Agreement and the Business Combination). 

20 

Under the Sponsor Support
and Lock-up Agreement, the Sponsors also agreed not to, without the prior written consent of WaveTech and the board of directors of the
Company (i) sell, offer to sell, contract or agree to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant any option to purchase or otherwise dispose of
or agree to dispose of, directly or indirectly, file (or participate in the filing of) a registration statement with the SEC (other than
the Form S-4) or establish or increase a put equivalent position or liquidate or decrease a call equivalent position within the meaning
of Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, with respect to any Subject Sponsor Shares, (ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement
that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any Subject Sponsor Shares owned by such
Sponsor or (iii) publicly announce any intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (i) or (ii), in each case, until the earlier
of (a) 180 days after the Closing and (b) the date on which the closing price per share of the Company Common Stock equals or exceeds
 12.50 (subject to adjustment) for any twenty (20) trading days within any thirty (30) consecutive trading day period. 

The foregoing summary of
the Sponsor Support and Lock-up Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the Sponsor
Support and Lock-up Agreement, a copy was filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC November 1, 2022
and incorporated by reference herein. 

Shareholder Support and Lock-up Agreement 

On October 31, 2022, the
Company and the Sponsor entered into a Shareholder Support and Lock-up Agreement with WaveTech and certain stockholders of WaveTech. Pursuant
to the Shareholder Support and Lock-up Agreement, the Company Stockholders agreed to, among other things, provide written consent or vote
at any called meeting with respect to the outstanding shares of WaveTech capital stock held by the Company Stockholders adopting the Merger
Agreement and related transactions and approving the Business Combination. 

Under the Shareholder Support
and Lock-up Agreement, the Company Stockholders also agreed not to, without the prior written consent of WaveTech and the board
of directors of the Company (i) sell, offer to sell, contract or agree to sell, hypothecate, pledge, grant any option to purchase or otherwise
dispose of or agree to dispose of, directly or indirectly, file (or participate in the filing of) a registration statement with the SEC
(other than the Form S-4) or establish or increase a put equivalent position or liquidate or decrease a call equivalent position within
the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act, with respect to any shares of the Company Common Stock owned by such Company Stockholder
immediately after the Closing, (ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the
economic consequences of ownership of any Subject Stockholder Shares owned by such Company Stockholder or (iii) publicly announce any
intention to effect any transaction specified in clause (i) or (ii), in each case, until the earlier of (a) 180 days after the Closing
and (b) the date on which the closing price per share of the Company Common Stock equals or exceeds 12.50 (subject to adjustment) for
any twenty (20) trading days within any thirty (30) consecutive trading day period. 

The foregoing summary of
the Shareholder Support and Lock-up Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the
Shareholder Support and Lock-up Agreement, a copy was filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC November
1, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in
any operations nor generated any operating revenues to date. Our only activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 were in connection
with the search for a prospective initial Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion
of our initial Business Combination, at the earliest. We expect to generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the
proceeds of the IPO placed in the U.S. based trust account established at the consummation of WTMA s IPO. We expect that we will
incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as
well as for due diligence expenses in connection with searching for, and completing, a Business Combination. 

21 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, we had a net loss of 2,390,719, which primarily consists of operating expenses of 3,131,190, Delaware franchise taxes of 200,000
and provision for income taxes of 180,688, offset by interest and dividend earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account
in total of 1,121,159. 

For the year ended December
31, 2021, we had a net loss of 68,604, which primarily consists of operating expenses of 7,865 and accrual of Delaware franchise taxes
of 60,750, offset by interest earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 11. 

Liquidity and Capital
Resources 

On December 30, 2021, the
Company consummated the IPO of 7,500,000 units, each Unit containing one share of common stock and one right to receive 1/10 of one share
of common stock upon the consummation of the Business Combination, generating gross proceeds of 75,000,000, which is discussed in Note
3 to the consolidated financial statements. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO, the Company consummated the sale of 347,500 private placement units at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit in a private
placement to the Company s sponsor, Welsbach Acquisition Holdings LLC generating gross proceeds of 3,475,000 which is described
in Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements. 

The Company granted the underwriters
a 45-day option to purchase up to 1,125,000 Units to cover Over-allotment, if any. On January 14, 2022, the underwriters partially exercised
the option and purchased 227,686 additional Units, generating gross proceeds of 2,276,860. 

Upon the closing of the Over-allotment
on January 14, 2022, the Company consummated a private sale of an additional 4,554 Private Placement Units at a price of 10.00 per Private
Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds of 45,540. As of January 14, 2022, a total of 77,276,860 of the net proceeds from the IPO
(including the Over-allotment Units) and the sale of Private Placement Units has been placed in the Trust Account. As the over-allotment
option was only partially exercised, 224,328 shares of Common stock purchased by the Initial Stockholders have been forfeited for no consideration. 

Offering costs for the IPO
amounted to 4,663,218, consisting of 1,500,000 of underwriting fees, 2,625,000 of deferred underwriting fees payable (which are held
in the Trust Account) and 538,219 of other costs. 

2,704,690 of deferred underwriting
fee payable is contingent upon the consummation of a Business Combination by March 30, 2023, subject to the terms of the Underwriting
Agreement 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 976,309. Net cash used in investing activities was 3,523,983 and net cash provided by
financing activities was 3,822,399 mainly reflecting the proceeds of our IPO and subsequent deposit into the trust account 

For the year ended December
31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 260,825. Net cash used in investing activities was 75,000,000 and net cash provided
by financing activities was 76,461,781 mainly reflecting the proceeds of our IPO and subsequent deposit into the trust account. 

At December 31, 2022, we
had cash and marketable securities held in the trust account of 79,645,156. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the
trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account (less income taxes payable), to complete our business
combination. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our Business Combination,
the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses,
make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. The Company had withdrawn 298,414 from the trust account to pay franchise and
income taxes. 

22 

At December 31, 2022, we
had operating cash of 309,881 and restricted cash of 213,182 (excess permitted withdrawal) outside of the trust account. We have used
and intend to continue to use the funds held outside the trust account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business
due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses
or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure,
negotiate and complete a business combination. 

We monitor the adequacy of
our working capital in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business prior to our initial business combination. However,
if our estimates of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an initial business
combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior
to our business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our Business Combination or because
we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of our business combination, in which case we
may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial Business
Combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. 

We do not believe we will
need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimate of the
costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual
amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our Business Combination. Moreover,
we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant
number of our public shares upon consummation of our Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt
in connection with such Business Combination. 

Related Party Transactions 

Promissory Note Related Party 

On June 25, 2021, the Sponsor
agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to 300,000 to cover expenses related to the IPO pursuant to a promissory note. This loan
was non-interest bearing and was payable at the consummation of the IPO. As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding balance on the Note
has been repaid in full, and borrowings under the promissory note are no longer available. 

Related Party Loans 

In addition, in order to
finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are
not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required. If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay
the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would
be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use
a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would
be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined
and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business
Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to 1.5 million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible
into units of the post Business Combination entity at a price of 10.00 per unit. These units would be identical to the Private Placement
Units. 

On September 30, 2022, the
Company issued a first promissory note in the principal amount of 772,769 to the Sponsor in connection with the Extension. The First
Promissory Note bears no interest and shall be payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) upon consummation of the Company s initial
business combination out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company s or (ii) at the Sponsor s discretion,
converted, in full or in part, upon consummation of the Company s business combination into additional private units at a price
of 10.00 per unit. 

23 

On December 30, 2022, the
Company issued a second promissory note in the principal amount of 772,769 to the Sponsor in connection with the Extension. The Second
Promissory Note bears no interest and shall be payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) upon consummation of the Company s initial
business combination out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company s or (ii) at the Sponsor s discretion,
converted, in full or in part, upon consummation of the Company s business combination into additional private units at a price
of 10.00 per unit. 

The promissory note would
either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, convertible into
private units of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of 10.00 per unit. The conversion feature was analyzed under ASC 470-20,
 Debt with Conversion or Other Options , the note did not include any premium or discounts. The conversion option did not
include elements that would require bifurcation under ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging. The convertible note payable
and conversion feature does not meet the requirements for classification under ASC 480 and as a result is not required to be accounted
for as a liability under ASC 480. In this case, the conversion feature embedded within the convertible promissory note does not require
bifurcation and as a result remains embedded within the debt instrument because the convertible promissory note conversion feature does
not meet the definition of a derivative as it fails the net settlement requirement. The embedded conversion feature does qualify as equity
under ASC 815-40 as the exercise contingency is not based on an observable market or index unrelated to the issuer, the instrument meets
the fixed-for-fixed criteria under ASC 815-40-15, meets the requirements for equity classification pursuant to ASC 815-40-25-1 and 25-2
and does not meet the definition of a derivative as it fails the net settlement requirement. Based on this analysis, the scope exception
would apply, and the embedded conversion feature would fail to satisfy the third bifurcation condition within ASC 815-15-25-1. 

As of December 31, 2022,
there was a 1,545,537 balance outstanding under the Promissory Notes. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets
or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions
that create relationships with entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been
established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements,
established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual obligations 

We do not have any long-term
debt, capital lease obligations or operating lease obligations. 

The underwriters were paid
a cash underwriting discount of 0.20 per Unit on the offering, or 1,545,537 in the aggregate at the closing of the IPO and the over-allotment
option. In addition, the underwriters are entitled to a deferred underwriting commissions of 0.35 per unit, or 2,704,690 from the closing
of the IPO. 

The Company issued a first
promissory note in the principal amount of 772,769 to the Sponsor. The First Promissory Note bears no interest and shall be payable upon
the earlier to occur of (i) upon consummation of the Company s initial business combination out of the proceeds of the Trust Account
released to the Company s or (ii) at the Sponsor s discretion, converted, in full or in part, upon consummation of the Company s
business combination into additional private units at a price of 10.00 per unit. 

The Company issued a second
promissory note in the principal amount of 772,769 to the Sponsor. The Second Promissory Note bears no interest and shall be payable
upon the earlier to occur of (i) upon consummation of the Company s initial business combination out of the proceeds of the Trust
Account released to the Company s or (ii) at the Sponsor s discretion, converted, in full or in part, upon consummation of
the Company s business combination into additional private units at a price of 10.00 per unit. 

As of December 31, 2022,
there was a 1,545,537 balance outstanding under the Promissory Notes 

24 

Common Stock Subject
to Possible Redemption 

We account for our common
stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification Topic 480 Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity. Common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at
fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that features redemption rights that are either within the control
of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary
equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders equity. Our common stock features certain redemption rights
that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, common stock subject
to possible redemption is presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders equity section of our consolidated balance
sheets. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable common
stock to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable common
stock are affected by charges against additional paid in capital and accumulated deficit. 

Net Loss per Share
of Common Stock 

The Company computes loss
per share in accordance with ASC 260-10-45 Earnings per Share , which requires presentation of both basic and diluted loss
per share on the face of the statement of operations. The Company s public common shares have a redemption right, which differ from
the common shares that the sponsors hold. Accordingly, the Company has effectively two classes of shares, which are referred to as public
common shares and Founder Shares. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. Net loss per share is computed
by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period, excluding shares of common
stock subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor. Accretion associated with the common stock subject to possible redemption is excluded from
earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. At December 31, 2022, the Company did not have any dilutive securities
and/or other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into shares of common stock and then share in the earnings of
the Company. As a result, diluted loss per share is the same as basic loss per share for the period presented. 

Recent Accounting
Pronouncements 

Management does not believe
that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material effect on the accompanying
consolidated financial statements. 

Factors That May Adversely Affect Our Results
of Operations 

Our results of operations
and our ability to complete an initial business combination may be adversely affected by various factors that could cause economic uncertainty
and volatility in the financial markets, many of which are beyond our control. Our business could be impacted by, among other things,
downturns in the financial markets or in economic conditions, increases in oil prices, inflation, increases in interest rates, supply
chain disruptions, declines in consumer confidence and spending, the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including resurgences and
the emergence of new variants, and geopolitical instability, such as the military conflict in the Ukraine. We cannot at this time fully
predict the likelihood of one or more of the above events, their duration or magnitude or the extent to which they may negatively impact
our business and our ability to complete an initial business combination. 

JOBS Act 

On April 5, 2012, the Jumpstart
our Business Startup Act of 2012 was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting
requirements for qualifying public companies. We will qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act will
be allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies.
We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting
standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As such, our consolidated
financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. 

25 

Additionally, we are in the
process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain
conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not
be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal control over financial
reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2022, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required
of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement
that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional
information about the audit and the consolidated financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive
compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of executive compensation
to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our IPO or until we
are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. 

Critical Accounting
Policies 

The preparation of consolidated
financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual
results could materially differ from those estimates. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
about Market Risk. 

Through December 31, 2022,
our efforts have been limited to organizational activities, activities relating to our initial public offering and since the initial public
offering, the search for a target business with which to consummate an initial business combination. We have engaged in limited operations
and have not generated any revenues. We have not engaged in any hedging activities since our inception on May 27, 2021. We do not expect
to engage in any hedging activities with respect to the market risk to which we are exposed. 

The net proceeds of the initial
public offering and the sale of the private placement units held in the trust account maintained by Continental, acting as trustee, have
been invested in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions
under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Due to the short-term
nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. 

Reference is made to pages
F-1 through F-21 comprising a portion of this Report, which are incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with
Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under the supervision and
with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, we carried out an evaluation
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act. Based on the foregoing, our Certifying Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective
as of the end of the period covered by this Report. 

26 

Disclosure controls and procedures
are controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms.
Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to
be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Certifying
Officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s Annual Report on Internal
Controls over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules
and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Our internal control over financial reporting
includes those policies and procedures that: 

1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated
financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of our management and directors, and 

3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use
or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our consolidated financial statements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based
on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as
of December 31, 2022. 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth
company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

Not applicable. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions
that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

27 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and
Corporate Governance. 

Directors and Executive Officers 

As of the date of this Report,
our directors and officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Daniel Mamadou 
 
 51 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Christopher Clower 
 
 57 
 
 Chief Operating Officer and Director 
 
 John Stanfield 
 
 41 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Sergey Marchenko 
 
 53 
 
 Vice President 
 
 Emily King 
 
 40 
 
 Director 
 
 Dr. Ralph Welpe 
 
 51 
 
 Director 
 
 Matthew T. Mrozinski 
 
 48 
 
 Director 

The experience of our directors
and executive officers is as follows: 

Daniel Mamadou Chief Executive Officer
and Director 

Daniel Mamadou has served
as our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board since inception. Mr. Mamadou is the CEO of Welsbach Holdings Pte Ltd, a Technology
Metals specialist advisor, which Mr. Mamadou founded in January 2021. From January 2015 to December 2020 Mr. Mamadou led Talaxis as Executive
Director. Mr. Mamadou founded Talaxis, the Technology Metals group within Noble Group, shortly after joining Noble Group in January 2015.
From 2011 to 2014, Mr. Mamadou was an investment banker at Nomura Securities, as Head of the Corporate Solutions and Financing Group for
the Asia-Pacific region. At Nomura, Mr. Mamadou led a team of 35 investment bankers that covered the region, delivering derivatives and
capital markets solutions to their client base in the Asia-Pacific region. From 2003 to 2011, Mr. Mamadou was the head of the Corporate
Markets and Treasury Solutions team at Deutsche Bank in Hong Kong, covering Asia-Pacific. From 2001 to 2003, Mr. Mamadou was an independent
financial advisor and invested his own capital as a principal. From 1999 to 2001, Mr. Mamadou worked for Goldman Sachs within the FICC
division in London. From 1997 until 1999, Mr. Mamadou was at Deutsche Bank in London, on the fixed income derivatives structuring desk
for Iberia. While leading the Corporate Markets and Treasury Solutions team at Deutsche Bank, Mr. Mamadou and his team achieved the number
two position in the Asia ex Japan fixed income league tables (including Bonds, Investment Grade and Corporate High Yield) over a four-year
period from 2008 2011, raising approximately 40 billion of capital across sectors. 

Christopher Clower Chief Operating
Officer and Director 

Christopher Clower has served
as our Chief Operating Officer since inception and one of our directors since December 2021. Christopher Clower is an executive director
and COO of Welsbach Holdings Pte Ltd since March 2021. Mr. Clower also sits as an independent director on a number of boards in Southeast
Asia. Since 2014, Mr. Clower has been an independent director of Malacca Trust Pte Ltd, a holding company in Singapore which is the majority
owner of one of the leading asset management firms in Indonesia as measured by assets under management. Also, since 2014, Mr. Clower has
been an independent commissioner on the board of PT Batavia Prosperindo Finance Tbk, an Indonesia consumer finance company listed on the
Indonesia Stock Exchange. From 2010 to 2014, Mr. Clower was an independent advisor and principal investor of his own capital. From 2008
to 2010, Mr. Clower co-founded, built and sold PT Manoor Bulatn Lestari, an Indonesian resource company and achieved 30x MOIC in two years
for himself and his investors. Prior to this, Mr. Clower was Managing Director and Head of Corporate Finance in Merrill Lynch for Southeast
Asia. From 1998 to 2009, Mr. Clower worked at Merrill Lynch and raised over 4 billion of capital in the resources space. Mr. Clower also
worked at Deutsche Bank from 1997 to 1998, at Bankers Trust from 1994 to 1997, and at Crane Nuclear Valves from 1991 to 1994. Prior to
working in the finance industry, Mr. Clower was an intelligence officer for the United States Air Force, serving at Clark Air Base in
the Philippines with the 90th Tactical Fighter Squadron. 

28 

Sergey Marchenko Vice-President 

Sergey Marchenko is a developer and builder of multi-story
residential developments in the suburbs of Moscow. From 1996 to 2016, Mr. Marchenko founded and built his first company, LandOS,
which is a real estate developer of malls and office centers in Moscow, including Troyka Trade Center Mall, Gagarinsky Trade Mall, Veshky
Mall and a number of office centers in Moscow and other cities in Russia. From 2001 to 2004, Mr. Marchenko was a Vice President of
GlavMosStroy Joint Stock Company, a large development and construction company in Eastern Europe. From 1999 to 2012, Mr. Marchenko
founded of a number of real estate development firms in Eastern Europe, specializing in the commercial and residential sub-sectors, including
Eurostroy and TCS Joint Stock Company. TCS specializes in real estate development construction as well as extraction and processing of
non-metallic materials for construction. 

John Stanfield Chief Financial Officer 

John Stanfield, CPA, has
served as Chief Financial Officer since December 2021. Mr. Stanfield has significant experience with U.S. GAAP, finance, operations, and
taxation demonstrated over several years and several billion dollars of enterprise value in the private equity and alternative asset industry.
He is the founder of Stanfield Associates, LLC, a boutique consulting and full-service public accounting firm concentrated on outsourced
Chief Financial Officer services for special purpose acquisition corporations, private equity fund managers, and family offices in the
United States and internationally. Prior to founding Stanfield Associates, LLC, Mr. Stanfield held audit positions at RSM US and
Ernst Young, LLP. 

Emily King Director 

Emily King has served as
one of our directors since December 2021. Ms. King is the founder of Prospector, a new search engine for the mining industry, which she
founded in February 2020, and is CEO of Global Venture Consulting, which Ms. King founded in 2013. Global Venture Consulting (GV) is a
consulting firm specializing in bringing natural resources and technology solutions to emerging and frontier markets. Since 2013, GV has
worked with clients and partners to accelerate innovation and incorporate disruptive technology into the collection and interpretation
of data. Prior to founding Global Venture Consulting and Prospector, from 2010 to 2013, Ms. King was the Director of Natural Resources
for an economic development task force in the U.S. Department of Defense. In this role, Ms. King oversaw a mineral resource exploration
and investment group for the Pentagon, in partnership with the Afghanistan Government and the U.S. Geological Survey. Her team conducted
exploration on fifteen mineral deposits throughout Afghanistan and tendered four copper and gold exploration assets. For her leadership
of this program, Ms. King was awarded the Secretary of Defense Medal for Outstanding Public Service and the Global War on Terrorism Award.
Ms. King holds and has held leadership positions in industry organizations and at the board level, including Women in Mining USA, Director
at VVC Exploration, Fellow at New America, Board Member of World Trade Center Kabul and the Afghanistan Mining Think Tank. In 2020, Ms.
King was awarded the Medal of Merit from the American Mining Hall of Fame. 

Dr. Ralph Welpe Director 

Dr. Ralph Welpe has
served as one of our directors since December 2021. Dr. Welpe has 20 years of extensive work experience in investment and private banking.
He started his career at Deutsche Bank in 1997 as an M A and Corporate Finance Investment Banker in Asia and Europe. From 2007 to
2009, he was Chief of Staff of Asia Pacific before joining UK Regional Management in London. From 2011-2015, he served as Global Head
of Senior Relationship Management for Corporates Entrepreneurs. After that, he advised start-ups on their growth strategies before
joining Bank Julius Baer Group as Global Head of Strategic Client Management from 2017 until 2020. Dr. Welpe is currently a Senior Advisor
to Time Partners Limited in London, a specialist merchant bank providing financial advisory services. He is also a Senior Advisor to KingsRock
Advisors LLC in New York, a financial services advisory firm focused on capital and financial solutions and structural complexity. He
is also Chairman of iAlpha AG based in Switzerland and the UK, a platform for private, professional investors. Dr. Welpe holds an MBA
in Banking Finance and a PhD in Strategy and M A from the University of St. Gallen, Switzerland . 

29 

Matthew T. Mrozinski - Director 

Matthew T. Mrozinski has
served as one of our directors since December 2021. Mr. Mrozinski is a Managing Director and Partner at Chardan, a full service investment
bank headquartered in New York. Since June 2015, Mr. Mrozinski has been the global head of mergers and acquisitions for Chardan where
he oversees the coordination and execution of the firm s merger and acquisition advisory and associated capital formation services
focusing on small and medium-sized businesses. From 1998 until 2000, Mr. Mrozinski was an associate in the investment banking division
at TD Securities (USA) a wholly-owned subsidiary of TD Bank. From 2000 until 2003, he was an associate in the mergers and acquisitions
group at JPMorgan in New York and Hong Kong. Mr. Mrozinski was a Vice President of acquisitions and capital formation for Colony Capital
based in Hong Kong from 2003 until 2006 and was responsible for transactions in value exceeding 2 billion, including the acquisition
and disposition of the Swissotel and Raffles Hotel chains. From 2006 until 2010, Mr. Mrozinski was a Managing Director of Deutsche Bank
Real Estate, Gaming and Lodging Investment Banking group for Asia (excluding Japan) based in Hong Kong, where he led a team of investment
bankers originating and executing advisory and capital markets transactions valued in excess of 4 billion throughout Asia, UK and the
US. From 2010 until 2014, he was a Managing Director of Citibank s Real Estate, Gaming and Lodging Investment Banking Group for
Asia (excluding Japan) based in Hong Kong where Mr. Mrozinski led a team of investment bankers across Asia originating and executing advisory
and capital market transactions in excess of 2 billion. 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and
Directors 

Our board of directors currently
has five members, three of whom are deemed independent under SEC and Nasdaq rules. We may not hold an annual meeting of
stockholders until after we consummate our initial business combination. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve
at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint
persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our directors may consist of a chairman
of the board, and that our officer may consist of chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, vice president(s), secretary,
treasurer and such other officers as may be determined by the board of directors. 

Committees of the Board of Directors 

Audit Committee 

We have established an audit
committee of the board of directors, which consists of Ms. King, Dr. Welpe and Mr. Mrozinski, each of whom is an independent director.
Dr. Welpe serves as chair of the audit committee. The audit committee s duties, which are specified in our Audit Committee Charter,
include, but are not limited to: 

meeting with our independent registered public accounting firm regarding, among other issues, audits, and adequacy of our accounting
and control systems; 

monitoring the independence of the registered public accounting firm; 

verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner
responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; 

inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our registered public accounting firm, including
the fees and terms of the services to be performed; 

appointing or replacing the registered public accounting firm; 

determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the registered public accounting firm (including resolution of disagreements
between management and the registered public accounting firm regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an
audit report or related work; 

30 

establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting
controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; 

monitoring compliance on a quarterly basis with the terms of our initial public offering and, if any noncompliance is identified,
immediately taking all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise causing compliance with the terms of our initial public
offering; and 

reviewing and approving all payments made to our existing stockholders, executive officers or directors and their respective affiliates.
Any payments made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our board of directors, with the interested director
or directors abstaining from such review and approval. 

Financial Experts on Audit Committee 

The audit committee will
at all times be composed exclusively of independent directors who are financially literate as defined under
the Nasdaq listing standards. The Nasdaq listing standards define financially literate as being able to read and understand
fundamental financial statements, including a company s balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement. 

In addition, we must certify
to Nasdaq that the committee has, and will continue to have, at least one member who has past employment experience in finance or accounting,
requisite professional certification in accounting, or other comparable experience or background that results in the individual s
financial sophistication. The board of directors has determined that Mr. Mrozinski qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, 
as defined under rules and regulations of the SEC. 

Compensation Committee 

We have established a compensation
committee of the board of directors consisting of Ms. King, Dr. Welpe and Mr. Mrozinski, each of whom is an independent director. Mr.
Mrozinski serves as chair of the compensation committee. We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal
functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our chief executive officer s compensation,
evaluating our chief executive officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration
(if any) of our chief executive officer s based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other Section 16 executive officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive
officers and employees; 

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

31 

The charter also provides
that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or
other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However,
before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee
will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by NASDAQ and the SEC. 

Director Nominations 

We do not have a standing
nominating committee, though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or
NASDAQ rules. In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(2) of the NASDAQ rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director
nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry
out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee.
Ms. King, Dr. Welpe and Mr. Mrozinski will participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees. In accordance with
Rule 5605(e)(1)(A) of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have
a nominating committee charter in place. 

The board of directors will
also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees
to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders). Our stockholders
that wish to nominate a director for election to the board should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws. 

We have not formally established
any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying
and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge
of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a code of
ethics that applies to all of our executive officers, directors and employees, which has been filed as an exhibit to this Report. The
code of ethics codifies the business and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business. 

Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 

Section 16(a) of the Exchange
Act requires the Company s directors and executive officers, and persons who own more than 10 of a registered class of the Company s
equity securities, to file with the SEC reports of beneficial ownership and reports of changes in beneficial ownership in the Company s
securities. As no such change in beneficial ownership occurred in the year ended December 31, 2022, no late Section 16(a) Reports were
filed. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

No executive officer has
received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. No compensation or fees of any kind, including finder s fees, consulting
fees and other similar fees, will be paid to our insiders or any of the members of our management team, for services rendered prior to
or in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However,
such individuals will receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with activities on our behalf,
such as identifying potential target businesses, performing business due diligence on suitable target businesses and business combinations
as well as traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses to examine their operations.
There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us; provided, however, that to the extent such expenses exceed
the available proceeds not deposited in the trust account and the interest income earned on the amounts held in the trust account, such
expenses would not be reimbursed by us unless we consummate an initial business combination. 

32 

After our initial business
combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company
with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials furnished
to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider
our initial business combination, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director
compensation. In this event, such compensation will be publicly disclosed at the time of its determination in a Current Report on Form
8-K, as required by the SEC. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets
forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of February 21, 2023 based on information obtained from the
persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of common stock, by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock; 

each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns our common stock; and 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. 

In the table below, percentage
ownership is based on 10,011,662 shares of our common stock, issued and outstanding as of February 21, 2023. 

Unless otherwise indicated,
we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially
owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the rights as these rights are not exercisable within
60 days of the date of this Report. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of
 Outstanding Common Stock 
 
 Welsbach Acquisition Holdings LLC (our sponsor) (2) 
 2,192,212 
 21.9 
 
 Daniel Mamadou (2) 
 2,192,212 
 21.9 
 
 Christopher Clower (2) 
 2,192,212 
 21.9 
 
 John Stanfield 
 5,000 

Dr. Ralph Welpe 
 12,500 

Emily King 
 12,500 

Matthew Mrozinski 
 12,500 

All officers and directors as a group (7 individuals) 
 2,234,712 
 22.32 

Other 5 Stockholders 

Hudson Bay Capital Management LP (3) 
 750,000 
 7.5 
 
 Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. (4) 
 837,800 
 8.4 
 
 Ari Glass (5) 
 631,936 
 6.3 
 
 Shaolin Capital Management LLC (6) 
 600,000 
 6.0 
 
 Lighthouse Investment Partners, LLC (7) 
 571,370 
 5.7 
 
 ATW SPAC Management LLC (8) 
 631,936 
 6.3 

less than 1 

(1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o 160
S Craig Place, Lombard, Illinois 60148, and our telephone number is (519) 900-0242. 

(2) Welsbach Acquisition Holdings LLC is the record holder of the shares reported herein. Daniel Mamadou and
Christopher Clower are the managing members of Welsbach Acquisition Holdings LLC. Each of Mr. Mamadou and Mr. Clower has voting and investment
discretion with respect to the common stock held of record by Welsbach Acquisition Holdings LLC. Mr. Mamadou and Mr. Clower disclaim any
beneficial ownership of the shares held by Welsbach Acquisition Holdings LLC, except to the extent of their pecuniary interest therein. 

33 

(3) According to a Schedule 13G filed on February 10, 2023, Hudson Bay Capital Management LP and Sander Gerber
acquired 750,000 shares of common stock. The business address for Sander Gerber and for Hudson Bay Capital Management LP is 28 Havemeyer
Place, 2 nd Floor, Greenwich, CT 06830. 

(4) According to a Schedule 13G/A filed on February 13, 2023, Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. holds 837,800
shares of common stock. The business address the reporting person is 16 York Street, Suite 2900, Toronto, ON, Canada M5J 0E6. 

(5) According to a Schedule 13G filed on January 31, 2023, Boothbay Fund Management, LLC, Boothbay Absolute
Return Strategies LP, and Ari Glass hold 631,936 shares of common stock. The securities are held by one or more private funds (the Funds ),
which are managed by Boothbay Fund Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Adviser ). Ari Glass is the
Managing Member of the Adviser. Certain subadvisors Subadvisors have been delegated the authority to act on behalf of
the Funds, including exclusive authority to vote and/or direct the disposition of certain securities held by the Fund, and such securities
may be reported in regulatory filings made by such Subadvisors. The business address for each of the reporting persons is 140 East 45th
Street, 14th Floor, New York, NY 10017. 

(6) According to a Schedule 13G filed on February 14, 2023, Shaolin Capital Management acquired 600,000 shares
of common stock. The business address for Shaolin Capital Management LLC is 230 NW 24th Street, Suite 603, Miami, FL 33127. 

(7) According to a Schedule 13G filed on February 14, 2023, Lighthouse Investment Partners, LLC, MAP 136 Segregated
Portfolio, a segregated portfolio of LMA SPC, MAP 214 Segregated Portfolio, a segregated portfolio of LMA SPC and Shaolin Capital Partners
SP, a segregated portfolio of PC MAP SPC have acquired 571,370 shares of common stock. The business address for Lighthouse Investment
Partners, LLC is 3801 PGA Boulevard, Suite 500, Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33410. 

(8) According to a Schedule 13G/A filed on February 14, 2023, ATW SPAC Management LLC and Antonio Ruiz-Gimenez
hold 631,936 shares of common stock. The shares are held by one or more separately managed accounts managed by ATW SPAC Management LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company (the Adviser ), which has been delegated exclusive authority to vote and/or direct the
disposition of such Units held by such separately managed accounts, which are sub-accounts of one or more pooled investment vehicles (the
 Funds managed by a Delaware limited liability company. Antonio Ruiz-Gimenez and Kerry Propper are the Managing Members
of the Adviser. The business address for each of the reporting persons is 17 State Street, Suite 2100, New York, NY10004. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under
Equity Compensation Plans 

None. New WaveTech will reserve
10.0 of the number of outstanding shares of New WaveTech Common Stock on a fully diluted basis (as of immediately following the Business
Combination) pursuant to the New WaveTech KEAP and expects to grant equity awards under the New WaveTech KEAP. The granted awards,
when vested and settled or exercisable, may result in the issuance of additional shares up to the amount of the share reserve under the
New WaveTech KEAP. 

Changes in Control 

None. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence. 

On June 25, 2021, the Sponsor purchased 1,437,500 shares
of our Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 for an aggregate price of 25,000. On October 13, 2021, we effected an exchange
of each such Class B shares for 1.5 our common stock, resulting in the Sponsor holding an aggregate of 2,156,250 Founder
Shares. We no longer have Class B stock. Our founder holders forfeited 224,328 Founder Shares as the over-allotment option was
not exercised in full by the underwriters. 

34 

The Founder Shares were placed into an escrow account
maintained in New York, New York by Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, acting as escrow agent. Subject to
certain limited exceptions, 50 of these shares will not be transferred, assigned, sold or released from escrow until the earlier
of (i) six months after the date of the consummation of a Business Combination and (ii) the date on which the closing price
of our common stock equals or exceeds 12.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations)
for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after a Business Combination and the remaining 50 
of the Founder Shares will not be transferred, assigned, sold or released from escrow until six months after the date of the consummation
of a Business Combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to a Business Combination, we complete a liquidation, merger, stock
exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their common stock for cash,
securities or other property. 

On June 25, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to lend
to us an aggregate of up to 300,000 to cover expenses related to our initial public offering pursuant to a promissory note. This
loan was non-interest bearing and was payable at the consummation of our initial public offering. As of September 30, 2022, and December 31,
2021, there was no amount payable against the promissory note and no amounts have been drawn against the promissory note. 

On December 31, 2021, the Sponsor funded 79,673 in
excess of 3,475,000 aggregate purchase price of the Private Placement Units. On January 14, 2022, the Sponsor funded 179,463 in
excess of the 45,540 aggregate purchase price of the Private Placement Units sold in conjunction with the exercise of the over-allotment
option (for an aggregate of 259,136 in excess purchase price). As of September 30, 2022, an amount of 129,573 has been paid and the
remaining 199,163 will be repaid from our operating account as soon as practicable. 

Commencing on December 27, 2021, we entered
into an agreement to pay the Sponsor 10,000 per month for the use of office space and administrative support services. The sponsor
agreed to waive such fees for the months of April, May, June and September 2022, and as such, the Company has recorded no administrative
service fees for those months. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2022, 20,000 and 50,000 has been expensed related to
the agreement. 

Commencing on December 27, 2021, we have entered
into an agreement to pay an entity affiliated with its Chief Financial Officer approximately 6,500 per quarter for accounting services.
For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2022, 6,500 and 19,500 has been incurred under this agreement. 

In order to finance transaction costs in connection
with a business combination, certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, lend to us such funds as may be required.
If we complete a business combination, including the Business Combination, we would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds
of the trust account released to us. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the trust
account. In the event that a business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the proceeds held outside the trust account
to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the trust account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except
for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect
to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a business combination, without interest, or, at
the lender s discretion, up to 1.5 million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into units of the post business
combination entity at a price of 10.00 per unit. These units would be identical to the Private Placement Units. As of September 30, 2022,
there were no Working Capital Loans outstanding. 

On September 30, 2022, WTMA issued a first promissory
note in the principal amount of 772,769 to the Sponsor in connection with the extension of period of time for WTMA to complete a business
combination. The First Promissory Note bears no interest and shall be payable upon the earlier to occur of (i) upon consummation
of WTMA s initial business combination out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to WTMA s or (ii) at the Sponsor s
discretion, converted, in full or in part, upon consummation of WTMA s business combination into additional private units at a price
of 10.00 per unit. As of September 30, 2022, there was a 772,769 balance outstanding under the Promissory Note. On December 30, 2022
WTMA issued a second promissory note in the principal amount of 772,769 to the Sponsor in connection the extension of period of
time for the Company to complete a business combination on the same terms as the First Promissory Note. 

35 

If any of our officers or directors becomes aware
of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations,
he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary
duties under Delaware law. We may, at our option, pursue an affiliated joint acquisition opportunity with an entity to which an officer
or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation. 

After the closing of the Business Combination, members
of our management team who remain with WaveTech may be paid consulting, management or other fees from New WaveTech with any and all amounts
being fully disclosed to its stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation or tender off materials, as applicable,
furnished to its stockholders. 

No compensation of any kind, including finder s
and consulting fees, will be paid to the Sponsor, officers and directors, or their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior
to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence
on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to the Sponsor, officers,
directors or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or
ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

All ongoing and future transactions
between us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable
to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval by our audit committee and a majority
of our uninterested independent directors, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel.
We will not enter into any such transaction unless our audit committee and a majority of our disinterested independent directors determine
that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a transaction
from unaffiliated third parties. 

Related Party Policy 

Our Code of Ethics requires
us to avoid, wherever possible, all related party transactions that could result in actual or potential conflicts of interests, except
under guidelines approved by the board of directors (or the audit committee). Related party transactions are defined as transactions in
which (1) the aggregate amount involved will or may be expected to exceed 120,000 in any calendar year, (2) we or any of our subsidiaries
is a participant, and (3) any (a) executive officer, director or nominee for election as a director, (b) greater than 5 beneficial owner
of our shares of common stock, or (c) immediate family member, of the persons referred to in clauses (a) and (b), has or will have a direct
or indirect material interest (other than solely as a result of being a director or a less than 10 beneficial owner of another entity).
A conflict of interest situation can arise when a person takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult to perform his or her
work objectively and effectively. Conflicts of interest may also arise if a person, or a member of his or her family, receives improper
personal benefits as a result of his or her position. 

We also require each of our
directors and executive officers to annually complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about
related party transactions. 

These procedures are intended
to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the
part of a director, employee or officer. 

To further minimize conflicts
of interest, we have agreed not to consummate our initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our insiders,
officers or directors unless we have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm and the approval of a majority of
our disinterested and independent directors (if we have any at that time) that the business combination is fair to our unaffiliated stockholders
from a financial point of view. In no event will our insiders, or any of the members of our management team be paid any finder s
fee, consulting fee or other similar compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of
our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). 

36 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards
require that within one year of the listing of our securities on the Nasdaq Global Market we have at least three independent directors
and that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other
than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the
company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities
of a director. Our Board of Directors has determined that Ms. King, Dr. Welpe and Mr. Mrozinski are each an independent director 
as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which
only independent directors are present. 

We will only enter into a
business combination if it is approved by a majority of our independent directors. Additionally, we will only enter into transactions
with our officers and directors and their respective affiliates that are on terms no less favorable to us than could be obtained from
independent parties. Any related-party transactions must be approved by our audit committee and a majority of disinterested directors. 

Item 14 . Principal Accountant Fees
and Services. 

The following is a summary
of fees paid or to be paid to UHY LLP, for services rendered. 

Audit Fees . Audit
fees consist of fees for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally
provided by UHY in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees of UHY for professional services rendered for the audit of our
annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required
filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaled approximately 174,427 and 25,625, respectively. The aggregate
fees of UHY related to audit services in connection with our initial public offering totaled approximately 76,977. The above amounts
include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related
fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our
financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required
by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. During the year ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 we did not pay UHY any audit-related fees. 

Tax Fees . We did not
pay UHY for tax services, planning or advice for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

All Other Fees . We
paid UHY 210,125 and 0 for any other services for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed
in connection with the effectiveness of our registration statement for our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did
not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved
by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will
pre-approve all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof
(subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee
prior to the completion of the audit). 

37 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a)
The following documents are filed as part of this Report: 

(1)
Financial Statements 

38 

WELSBACH
TECHNOLOGY METALS ACQUISITION CORP. 

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Number F-2 Consolidated Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations F-4 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 to F-21 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of 

Welsbach
Technology Metals Acquisition Corp. 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Welsbach Technology Metals Acquisition Corp. (the Company) as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December
31, 2022 and for the period from May 27, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated
financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and cash flows for the year ended December
31, 2022 and for the period from May 27, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Substantial
Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has no revenue, its business plan is dependent on the completion of a
business combination and the Company must liquidate if the business combination is not consummated within one month. These conditions
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans regarding these matters
are also described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

The
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statement.
We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

, New York 

February
21, 2023 

F- 2 

WELSBACH
TECHNOLOGY METALS ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Total current assets 

Restricted cash 

Investment held in Trust Account 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE COMMON STOCK, AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Due to affiliates 

Franchise tax payable 

Income taxes payable 

Convertible promissory note related party 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (NOTE 6) 

REDEEMABLE COMMON STOCK 

Common Stock subject to possible redemption, par value, and shares at redemption value of 10.29 and per share at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Common stock; par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively (1) 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

() 

() 

TOTAL LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE COMMON STOCK, AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

(1) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

WELSBACH
TECHNOLOGY METALS ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 
 For the period from May 27, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating expenses 

General and administrative 

Franchise tax 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Interest income from investments held in Trust Account 

Other income 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss 

Weighted average shares outstanding of common stock - redemption feature 

Basic and diluted net loss per share of common stock - redemption feature

Weighted average shares outstanding of common stock - no redemption feature 

Basic and diluted net loss per share of common stock - no redemption feature

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

WELSBACH
TECHNOLOGY METALS ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND THE PERIOD FROM MAY 27, 2021 (INCEPTION) 
THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Common stock 
 Additional paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 deficit 
 Deficit 

Balance, May 27, 2021 (inception) 

Issuance of common stock to Sponsor 

Sale of Private Units to insiders 

Proceeds from Initial Public Offering Costs allocated to Public Units (net of offering costs) 

Accretion for redeemable common stock to redemption value 

Net loss 

Balance, December 31, 2021 (1) 

Sale of private placement units to the sponsor 

Proceeds from the exercise of over-allotment option allocated to public rights (net of offering costs) 

Forfeiture of shares by Sponsor to the extent the over-allotment option was not exercised in full 

Accretion for redeemable common stock to redemption value 

Net loss 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

(1) 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

WELSBACH
TECHNOLOGY METALS ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For the period from May 27, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Income on investments held in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Due to affiliates 

Accounts payable 

Franchise tax payable 

Income taxes payable 

NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Cash deposited to Trust Account 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to pay franchise and income taxes 

NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from initial public offering 

Proceeds from exercise of over-allotment option 

Proceeds from sale of private units to sponsor 

Proceeds from convertible promissory note - related party 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock to Sponsor 

Payment of offering costs 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET CHANGE IN CASH AND RESTRICTED CASH 

CASH AND RESTRICTED CASH, BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH AND RESTRICTED CASH, END OF PERIOD 

CASH AND RESTRICTED CASH, END OF PERIOD 

Cash 

Restricted cash 

CASH AND RESTRICTED CASH, END OF PERIOD 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Income tax 

Franchise tax 

Supplemental disclosure on noncash activities: 

Deferred underwriting commission payable 

Initial value of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 

Accretion for redeemable common stock to redemption value 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

units Units ), each Unit containing one share of common stock (the
 Public Shares and one right to receive 1/10 of one share of common stock upon the consummation of the Business Combination
(the Public Rights ), at per Unit generating gross proceeds of , which is discussed in Note 3. The Company
has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. 

private placement units Private Placement Units at a price of per Private Placement Unit in a private placement to the Company s sponsor, Welsbach Acquisition Holdings
LLC (the Sponsor generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 

Units to cover Over-allotment, if any. On January 14, 2022,
the underwriters partially exercised the option (the Over-allotment and purchased additional Units (the Over-allotment
Units ), generating gross proceeds of . 

Private Placement
Units at a price of per Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds of . As of January 14, 2022, a total of 
of the net proceeds from the IPO (including the Over-allotment Units) and the sale of Private Placement Units has been placed in the
Trust Account. As the over-allotment option was only partially exercised, shares of common stock purchased by the Initial Stockholders
(as defined below) have been forfeited for no consideration. 

, consisting of 
of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees payable (which are held in the Trust Account (defined below)) and 
of other costs. As described in Note 6, the of deferred underwriting fee payable is contingent upon the consummation of a
Business Combination by March 30, 2023, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement entered into in connection with the IPO (the
 Underwriting Agreement ). 

per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and the Private Placement
Units was placed in a trust account Trust Account ). The amounts placed in the Trust Account will be invested in U.S. government
securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment
Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market
fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act,
as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust
Account, as described below. 

F- 7 

of the assets held in the
Trust Account excluding the amounts due under the business combination marketing agreement and taxes payable on income earned on the
Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a
Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target
or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company
under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

per Public
Share, plus any pro rata interest then in the Trust Account, net of taxes payable). 

, the Public Shares are redeemable and are classified as such on the consolidated
balance sheets until such date that a redemption event takes place. 

F- 8 

or more of the Public Shares sold in the IPO, without the prior consent of the Company. 

of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination, unless the Company provides the Public Stockholders
with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Common Stock in conjunction with any such amendment. 

per share in either
case, or an aggregate of (or up to if the over-allotment option is exercised in full)), on or prior to the date
of the applicable deadline, from the closing of the IPO Combination Period ), the Company will (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem
the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including
interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay the Company s franchise and income
taxes (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of
the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to
the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

into the Trust Account on September 27, 2022 in accordance with the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation.
Subsequently, The period of time for the Company to complete a business combination under its amended and restated certificate of incorporation
has been extended for a period of 3 months from December 30, 2022 to March 30, 2023 upon the deposit of into the Trust Account
on December 23, 2022. 

per shares held in the
Trust Account. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to
the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which
the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account. This liability will
not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or
to any monies held in the Trust Account or to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public
Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ).
Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible
to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have
to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except the Company s
independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business,
execute agreements waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

F- 9 

excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and
certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed
on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally
 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise
tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value
of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the
Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the
abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

, restricted cash of (excess permitted withdrawal), and a working
capital deficit of . Further, the Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its
financing and acquisition plans. The Company has no revenue, and its business plan is dependent on the completion of a Business Combination
within the Combination Period. If the Company is unable to compete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, it must liquidate.
These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within a reasonable period
of time, which is considered to be from the issuance date of the consolidated financial statements. 

F- 10 

from the date
the consolidated financial statements are issued. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result
from its inability to consummate a Business Combination or its inability to continue as a going concern. 

from the Trust Account for the purpose of paying the Company s franchise
and income taxes. The Company partially used the amount to pay of 2021 and 2022 franchise taxes. The balance of will
be utilized to pay the outstanding franchise and income taxes. As of December 31, 2021, the Company has no restricted cash balance. 

F- 11 

, which was charged against additional paid-in capital and common stock subject to redemption upon the completion
of the IPO. Subsequently, additional offering cost of was incurred with the Over-allotment in January 2022 and was also charged
against additional paid-in capital and common stock subject to redemption in January 2022. 

. The provision for income taxes was deemed to be de minimis
for the period from May 27, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. 

F- 12 

and shares of common stock subject to possible redemption on December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, is presented
as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 

Less: 

Fair value of Public Rights at issuance 

Public shares issuance costs 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Redeemable ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

F- 13 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net loss per common share

Units at a price of per Unit. 

Units to cover Over-allotment, if any. On January 14, 2022,
the underwriters partially exercised the option and purchased additional Units. 

Private
Placement Units in a private placement transaction at a price of per Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds of .

Private Placement Units, at per Private Placement Unit
for an aggregate purchase price of . 

shares (the Founder Shares of the Company s Class B common stock,
par value for an aggregate price of . On October 13, 2021, the Company effected an exchange of each such Class B shares
for shares of the Company s common stock, resulting in the Sponsor holding an aggregate of Founder Shares. The Company
no longer has Class B common stock authorized. The Initial Stockholders had agreed to forfeit up to Founder Shares to the extent
that the over-allotment option is not exercised in full by the underwriters. On January 14, 2022, the Sponsor forfeited Founder
Shares for no consideration, due to the underwriters exercise of the over-allotment option in part. 

F- 14 

of these shares will not be transferred, assigned, sold or released
from escrow until the earlier of (i) six months after the date of the consummation of a Business Combination and (ii) the date on which
the closing price of our common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations
and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our Business Combination and the remaining
 of the Founder Shares will not be transferred, assigned, sold or released from escrow until six months after the date of the consummation
of a Business Combination, or earlier, in either case, if, subsequent to a Business Combination, we complete a liquidation, merger, stock
exchange or other similar transaction, which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock
for cash, securities or other property. 

to cover expenses related to the IPO pursuant to
a promissory note (the Note ). This loan was non-interest bearing and was payable at the consummation of the IPO. As of
December 31, 2021, the outstanding balance on the Note had been repaid in full, and borrowings under the promissory note are no longer
available. 

in excess of aggregate purchase price of the Private Placement Units. On January
14, 2022, the Sponsor funded in excess of the aggregate purchase price of the Private Placement Units sold in conjunction
with the exercise of the over-allotment option (for an aggregate of in excess purchase price). As of December 31, 2022, an amount
of has been paid and the remaining will be repaid from Company s operating account as soon as practicable. 

million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into units of the post Business Combination entity at
a price of per unit. These units would be identical to the Private Placement Units. 

to the Sponsor in connection with the Extension
(Note 1) Promissory Note ). The Promissory Note bears no interest and shall be payable upon the earlier to occur of (i)
upon consummation of the Company s initial business combination out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company s
or (ii) at the Sponsor s discretion, converted, in full or in part, upon consummation of the Company s business combination
into additional private units at a price of per unit (the Conversion ). 

to the Sponsor in connection with the Extension
(Note 1) Promissory Note ). The Promissory Note bears no interest and shall be payable upon the earlier to occur of (i)
upon consummation of the Company s initial business combination out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company s
or (ii) at the Sponsor s discretion, converted, in full or in part, upon consummation of the Company s business combination
into additional private units at a price of per unit (the Conversion ). 

F- 15 

per unit. The conversion feature was analyzed
under ASC 470-20, Debt with Conversion or Other Options , the note did not include any premium or discounts. The conversion
option did not include elements that would require bifurcation under ASC 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging. The convertible
note payable and conversion feature does not meet the requirements for classification under ASC 480 and as a result is not required to
be accounted for as a liability under ASC 480. In this case, the conversion feature embedded within the convertible promissory note does
not require bifurcation and as a result remains embedded within the debt instrument because the convertible promissory note conversion
feature does not meet the definition of a derivative as it fails the net settlement requirement. The embedded conversion feature does
qualify as equity under ASC 815-40 as the exercise contingency is not based on an observable market or index unrelated to the issuer,
the instrument meets the fixed-for-fixed criteria under ASC 815-40-15, meets the requirements for equity classification pursuant to ASC
815-40-25-1 and 25-2 and does not meet the definition of a derivative as it fails the net settlement requirement. Based on this analysis,
the scope exception would apply, and the embedded conversion feature would fail to satisfy the third bifurcation condition within ASC
815-15-25-1. 

balance outstanding under the Promissory Notes. 

per month for the use of office space and administrative
support services. For the year ended December 31, 2022, has been expensed related to the agreement. 

per quarter for accounting services. For the year ended December 31, 2022, has been incurred under this agreement. 

additional Units to cover over-allotments at the Initial
Public Offering price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On January 14, 2022, the underwriters purchased an additional
 Units at an offering price of per Unit, generating additional gross proceeds of to the Company. In February
2022, the remaining portion of the underwriters over-allotment option expired. 

per Unit, or in the aggregate. In addition, per Unit, or 
in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions, which will become payable to the underwriters
from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms
of the Underwriting Agreement. 

F- 16 

per share (the WaveTech
Preferred Stock will be converted into share of common stock of WaveTech, par value per share (the WaveTech
Common Stock (such conversion, the WaveTech Preferred Conversion 

per share, of
the Company (the WTMA Common Stock determined based on a pre-money enterprise valuation of WaveTech of million
and a price per share of the WTMA Common Stock; and 

F- 17 

(subject to adjustment) for any twenty (20) Trading Days (as defined in the Sponsor Support and Lock-up Agreement) within any thirty
(30) consecutive Trading Day period. 

(subject to adjustment) for any twenty (20) Trading Days within any thirty (30) consecutive Trading Day
period. 

F- 18 

shares of Class B common stock for an aggregate purchase price of .
On October 13, 2021, the Company effected an exchange of each such share of Class B common stock for shares of our common stock,
resulting in the Sponsor holding an aggregate of founder shares. The Company no longer has Class B common stock authorized. 

shares of common stock with a par value of per share. As
of December 31, 2021, there were shares of Common Stock outstanding (excluding shares of Common Stock subject to
possible redemption). As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of common stock outstanding (excluding shares of
common stock subject to possible redemption). 

Startup Costs 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax assets, net of allowance 

Deferred 

State 

Current 

Deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

and , respectively, of U.S. federal net operating loss carry overs
available to offset future taxable income. The federal net operating loss balance in 2021 was offset in the 2022 taxable income. As of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any state net operating loss carryovers available to offset future taxable income. 

. For the period from May 27, 2021 (inception) through
December 31, 2021, the change in the valuation allowance was . 

F- 19 

Permanent book/tax difference 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

F- 20 

of the interest
earned on the Trust Account to pay franchise and income taxes. 

F- 21 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary. 

Not
applicable 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated December 27, 2021, by and between the Company and Chardan Capital Markets, LLC, as representative of the several underwriters. (4) 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 31, 2022, by and among the Company and WaveTech (5) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. (3) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws. (1) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate. (1) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate. (1) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Right Certificate. (1) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Rights Agreement, dated December 27, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as rights agent. (4) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Registered Securities. (3) 
 
 4.6 
 
 Unit Purchase Option, dated December 27, 2021, by and between the Company and Chardan Capital Markets, LLC. (4) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated December 27, 2021, by and among the Company, its officers, directors, certain advisors, and the Sponsor. (4) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated December 27, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee. (4) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Stock Escrow Agreement, dated December 27, 2021, by and between the Company, the Sponsor and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as escrow agent. (4) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 27, 2021, by and among the Company and certain security holders. (4) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement. (1) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, dated December 27, 2021, by and between the Company and the Sponsor. (4) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Promissory Note, dated June 25, 2021, issued to Welsbach Acquisition Holdings LLC. (2) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Administrative Support Agreement, dated December 27, 2021, by and between the Company and the Sponsor. (4) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreements to be entered into at the closing of the Business Combination (5) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Sponsor Support and Lock-up Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2022, by and among the Company, WaveTech, the Sponsor and certain security holders (5) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Shareholder Support and Lock-up Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2022, by and among the Company, WaveTech, the Sponsor and certain security holders (5) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Form of Extension Note 
 
 14 
 
 Code of Ethics (1) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive and Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 99.1 
 
 Audit Committee Charter (1) 
 
 99.2 
 
 Compensation Committee Charter (1) 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

(1) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration
Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on December 2, 2021. 

(2) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration
Statement on Form S-1/A, filed with the SEC on December 15, 2021. 

(3) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Report on Form
10-K, filed with the SEC on March 25, 2022. 

(4) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Report on Form
8-K, filed with the SEC on December 30, 2021. 

(5) Incorporated by reference to the Company s Report on Form
8-K, filed with the SEC on November 1, 2022 

39 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

February
21, 2023 
 WELSBACH
 TECHNOLOGY METALS 
 ACQUISITION
 CORP. 

By: 
 /s/
 Daniel Mamadou 

Name: 
 Daniel
 Mamadou 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Daniel Mamadou 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and 
 
 February
21, 2023 
 
 Daniel Mamadou 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ John Stanfield 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 February
21, 2023 
 
 John Stanfield 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Christopher Clower 
 
 Chief Operating Officer and Director 
 
 February
21, 2023 
 
 Christopher Clower 

/s/ Emily King 
 
 Director 
 
 February
21, 2023 
 
 Emily King 

/s/ Dr. Ralph Welpe 
 
 Director 
 
 February
21, 2023 
 
 Dr. Ralph Welpe 

/s/ Matthew T. Mrozinski 
 
 Director 
 
 February
21, 2023 
 
 Matthew T. Mrozinski 

40 

<EX-10.12>
 2
 f10k2022ex10-12_welsbachtech.htm
 FORM OF EXTENSION NOTE

Exhibit 10.12 

PROMISSORY NOTE, DATED [SEPTEMBER 30, 2022 / MARCH
30, 2023], ISSUED TO WELSBACH ACQUISITION HOLDINGS LLC 

THIS PROMISSORY
NOTE NOTE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ).
THIS NOTE HAS BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT ONLY AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF REGISTRATION OF THE RESALE
THEREOF UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL REASONABLY SATISFACTORY IN FORM, SCOPE AND SUBSTANCE TO THE COMPANY THAT SUCH
REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED. 

PROMISSORY NOTE 

Principal Amount: 772,768.60 

Welsbach Technology Metals
Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and blank check company (the Maker ), promises to pay to the order
of Welsbach Acquisition Holdings LLC or its registered assigns or successors in interest (the
 Payee ), or order, the principal sum of up to Seven Hundred, Seventy-Two Thousand and Seven Hundred and Sixty-Eight
Dollars and Sixty Cents 772,768.60) in lawful money of the United States of America, on the terms and conditions described below. All
payments on this Note shall be made by check or wire transfer of immediately available funds or as otherwise determined by the Maker to
such account as the Payee may from time to time designate by written notice in accordance with the provisions of this Note. 

1. Principal. The principal balance of this Note shall be payable by the Maker either (i) upon
consummation of the Maker s initial business combination out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Maker or (ii)
at the Payee s discretion, converted, in full or in part, upon consummation of the Maker s business combination into additional
private units at a price of 10.00 per unit (the Conversion ). Under no circumstances shall any individual,
including but not limited to any officer, director, employee or shareholder of the Maker, be obligated personally for any obligations
or liabilities of the Maker hereunder. 

2. Interest. No interest shall accrue on the unpaid principal balance of this Note. 

3. Use of Proceeds. The proceeds of this Note shall be deposited into the trust account of the Maker
in order to extend the Maker s time to complete a Business Combination to and including [December 30, 2022 / March 30, 2023]. 

4. Application of Payments. All payments shall be applied first to payment in full of any costs
incurred in the collection of any sum due under this Note, including (without limitation) reasonable attorney s fees, then to the
payment in full of any late charges and finally to the reduction of the unpaid principal balance of this Note. 

5. Conversion and Repayment. 

a) Conversion upon consummation of business combination. In the event the Company consummates a business
combination and the Payee elects for the Conversion while the Note remains outstanding, then the outstanding principal balance under this
Note shall convert, at the Payee s discretion in full or in part, such number private units at a price of 10.00 per unit. 

b) Procedure for Conversion. In connection with any conversion of this Note into private units, the
Payee shall surrender this Note to the Maker and deliver to the Maker any documentation reasonably required by the Maker. The Maker
shall not be required to issue or deliver the private units into which this Note may convert until the Payee has surrendered this Note
to the Maker and delivered to the Maker any such documentation. 

6. Events of Default. The following shall constitute an event of default Event of
Default ): 

a) Failure to Make Required Payments . Failure by Maker to pay the principal amount due pursuant to
this Note within five (5) business days of the date specified above. 

b) Voluntary Bankruptcy, Etc . The commencement by Maker of a voluntary case under any applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, rehabilitation or other similar law, or the consent by it to the appointment of or taking possession by a
receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator (or other similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its
property, or the making by it of any assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the failure of Maker generally to pay its debts as such
debts become due, or the taking of corporate action by Maker in furtherance of any of the foregoing. 

c) Involuntary Bankruptcy, Etc . The entry of a decree or order for relief by a court having jurisdiction
in the premises in respect of Maker in an involuntary case under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or appointing
a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator (or similar official) of Maker or for any substantial part of its property,
or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of its affairs, and the continuance of any such decree or order unstayed and in effect for a
period of 60 consecutive days. 

7. Remedies. 

a) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Section 6(a) hereof, Payee may, by written notice
to Maker, declare this Note to be due immediately and payable, whereupon the unpaid principal amount of this Note, and all other amounts
payable hereunder, shall become immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which
are hereby expressly waived, anything contained herein or in the documents evidencing the same to the contrary notwithstanding. 

b) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default specified in Sections 6(b) and 6(c), the unpaid principal balance
of this Note, and all other sums payable with regard to this Note, shall automatically and immediately become due and payable, in all
cases without any action on the part of Payee. 

8. Waivers. Maker and all endorsers and guarantors of, and sureties for, this Note waive presentment
for payment, demand, notice of dishonor, protest, and notice of protest with regard to the Note, all errors, defects and imperfections
in any proceedings instituted by Payee under the terms of this Note, and all benefits that might accrue to Maker by virtue of any present
or future laws exempting any property, real or personal, or any part of the proceeds arising from any sale of any such property, from
attachment, levy or sale under execution, or providing for any stay of execution, exemption from civil process, or extension of time for
payment; and Maker agrees that any real estate that may be levied upon pursuant to a judgment obtained by virtue hereof or any writ of
execution issued hereon, may be sold upon any such writ in whole or in part in any order desired by Payee. 

2 

9. Unconditional Liability. Maker hereby waives all notices in connection with the delivery,
acceptance, performance, default, or enforcement of the payment of this Note, and agrees that its liability shall be unconditional, without
regard to the liability of any other party, and shall not be affected in any manner by any indulgence, extension of time, renewal, waiver
or modification granted or consented to by Payee, and consents to any and all extensions of time, renewals, waivers, or modifications
that may be granted by Payee with respect to the payment or other provisions of this Note, and agrees that additional makers, endorsers,
guarantors, or sureties may become parties hereto without notice to Maker or affecting Maker s liability hereunder. 

10. Notices. All notices, statements or other documents which are required or contemplated by
this Note shall be made in writing and delivered: (i) personally or sent by first class registered or certified mail, overnight courier
service or facsimile or electronic transmission to the address designated in writing, (ii) by facsimile to the number most recently provided
to such party or such other address or fax number as may be designated in writing by such party or (iii) by electronic mail, to the electronic
mail address most recently provided to such party or such other electronic mail address as may be designated in writing by such party.
Any notice or other communication so transmitted shall be deemed to have been given on the day of delivery, if delivered personally, on
the business day following receipt of written confirmation, if sent by facsimile or electronic transmission, one (1) business day after
delivery to an overnight courier service or five (5) days after mailing if sent by mail. 

11. Construction. THIS NOTE SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF DELAWARE,
WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISIONS THEREOF. 

12. Severability. Any provision contained in this Note which is prohibited or unenforceable in
any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating
the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable
such provision in any other jurisdiction. 

13. Trust Waiver . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Payee hereby waives
any and all right, title, interest or claim of any kind Claim in or to any distribution of or from the trust account
already established in which the proceeds of the initial public offering (the IPO conducted by the Maker (including
the deferred underwriters discounts and commissions) and the proceeds of the sale of the units issued in a private placement which occurred
prior to the closing of the IPO have been deposited to, as described in greater detail in the registration statement and prospectus filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with the IPO, and hereby agrees not to seek recourse, reimbursement, payment
or satisfaction for any Claim against the trust account for any reason whatsoever. 

14. Amendment; Waiver . Any amendment hereto or waiver of any provision hereof may be made
with, and only with, the written consent of the Maker and the Payee. 

15. Assignment . No assignment or transfer of this Note or any rights or obligations hereunder may be
made by any party hereto (by operation of law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other party hereto and any attempted
assignment without the required consent shall be void. 

[Signature page follows] 

3 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , Maker, intending to be legally bound hereby, has caused this Note to be duly executed by the undersigned as of the
day and year first above written. 

MAKER: 

Welsbach Technology
 Metals Acquisition Corp. 

By: 

Name: 
 Daniel Mamadou 

Title: 
 Director 

E-mail : 
 daniel@welsbach.sg 

Address : 
 160 S Craig Place 

Lombard, Illinois 60148 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF , Payee, intending to be legally bound hereby, has caused this Note to be duly executed by the undersigned as of the
day and year first above written. 

PAYEE: 

Welsbach Acquisition
 Holdings LLC 

By: 

Name: 
 Christopher
 Clower 

Title: 
 Managing Member 

E-mail : 
 chris@welsbach.sg 

Address :
 160 S Craig Place 

Lombard, Illinois 60148 

</EX-10.12>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_welsbachtech.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Daniel Mamadou, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Welsbach Technology Metals Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and
 maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(c) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date:
21 February 2023 

/s/
 Daniel Mamadou 

Daniel Mamadou 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_welsbachtech.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
John Stanfield, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Welsbach Technology Metals Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
 omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
 by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this
 report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and
 maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
 and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(c) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
 evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
 and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date:
21 February 2023 

/s/
 John Stanfield 

John
 Stanfield 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_welsbachtech.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION 

Pursuant
to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act and
Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), Daniel Mamadou, Chief Executive Officer
of Welsbach Technology Acquisition Corp. (the Company ), and John Stanfield, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each
hereby certifies that, to the best of his or her knowledge: 

1. The
 Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended 31 December, 2022, to
 which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the Annual Report ), fully
 complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and 

2. The
 information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the
 financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated:
21 February 2023 

In
Witness Whereof , the undersigned have set their
hands hereto as of the 21 day of February, 2023. 

/s/
 Daniel Mamadou 
 
 /s/
 John Stanfield 
 
 Daniel
 Mamadou 
 
 John
 Stanfield 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 

This
certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not
to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Welsbach Technology Acquisition Corp. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general
incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 wtma-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 wtma-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 wtma-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 wtma-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 wtma-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

