<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230328_10-K_edgar_data_1856525_0001856525-23-000011.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13213740</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1233061</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2740770</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4070530</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2638471</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2283795</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001856525-23-000011.hdr.sgml : 20230328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230328073027
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001856525-23-000011
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		114
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230129
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Core & Main, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001856525
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-DURABLE GOODS, NEC [5099]
		IRS NUMBER:				863149194
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40650
		FILM NUMBER:		23766159

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1830 CRAIG PARK COURT
		CITY:			ST. LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63146
		BUSINESS PHONE:		314-432-4700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1830 CRAIG PARK COURT
		CITY:			ST. LOUIS
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63146

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001856525-23-000011.txt : 20230328

10-K
 1
 cnm-20230129.htm
 10-K

cnm-20230129 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number) 

, 
 ) 
 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.1D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes No 
 State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter: million. 
 As of March 24, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s Class A common stock, par value 0.01 per share, and shares of the registrant s Class B common stock, par value 0.01 per share, outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 
 
 Page Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 1 
 Part I 
 3 
 Item 1. Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 11 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 35 
 Item 2. Properties 
 35 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 36 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 36 
 Part II 
 36 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 36 
 Item 6. [ Reserved ] 
 38 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 39 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 56 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 57 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 90 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 90 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 90 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction that Prevent Inspections 
 90 
 Part III 
 91 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 91 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 91 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owner and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 91 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 91 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 91 
 Part IV 
 92 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 92 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 98 
 Signatures 
 99 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, all statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Annual Report, including statements relating to our intentions, beliefs, assumptions or current expectations concerning, among other things, our future results of operations and financial position, business strategy and plans and objectives of management for future operations, including, among others, statements regarding expected growth, future capital expenditures, capital allocation and debt service obligations, and the anticipated impact on our business, are forward-looking statements. 
 Some of the forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terms such as believes, expects, may, will, shall, should, would, could, seeks, aims, projects, is optimistic, intends, plans, estimates, anticipates or the negative versions of these words or other comparable terms. 
 Forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which may be outside our control. We caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or outcomes and that actual performance and outcomes, including, without limitation, our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and the development of the market in which we operate, may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, even if our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, and the development of the market in which we operate, are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. A number of important factors, including, without limitation, the risks and uncertainties discussed under the captions Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. Furthermore, new risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Form on Form 10-K. Factors that could cause actual results and outcomes to differ from those reflected in forward-looking statements include, without limitation: 
 
 declines, volatility and cyclicality in the United States U.S. residential and non-residential construction markets; 
 slowdowns in municipal infrastructure spending and delays in appropriations of federal funds; 
 our ability to competitively bid for municipal contracts; 
 price fluctuations in our product costs; 
 our ability to manage our inventory effectively, including during periods of supply chain disruptions; 
 risks involved with acquisitions and other strategic transactions, including our ability to identify, acquire, close or integrate acquisition targets successfully; 
 the fragmented and highly competitive markets in which we compete and consolidation within our industry; 
 the development of alternatives to distributors of our products in the supply chain; 
 our ability to hire, engage and retain key personnel, including sales representatives, qualified branch, district and regional managers and senior management; 
 our ability to identify, develop and maintain relationships with a sufficient number of qualified suppliers and the potential that our exclusive or restrictive supplier distribution rights are terminated; 
 the availability and cost of freight; 
 the ability of our customers to make payments on credit sales; 
 changes in supplier rebates or other terms of our supplier agreements; 
 our ability to identify and introduce new products and product lines effectively; 
 the spread of, and response to public health crises and the inability to predict the ultimate impact on us; 
 costs and potential liabilities or obligations imposed by environmental, health and safety laws and requirements; 
 1 

regulatory change and the costs of compliance with regulation; 
 changes in stakeholder expectations in respect of environmental, social and governance ESG and sustainability practices; 
 exposure to product liability, construction defect and warranty claims and other litigation and legal proceedings; 
 potential harm to our reputation; 
 difficulties with or interruptions of our fabrication services; 
 safety and labor risks associated with the distribution of our products as well as work stoppages and other disruptions due to labor disputes; 
 impairment in the carrying value of goodwill, intangible assets or other long-lived assets; 
 interruptions in the proper functioning of our and our third-party service providers information technology systems, including from cybersecurity threats; 
 our ability to continue our customer relationships with short-term contracts; 
 risks associated with exporting our products internationally; 
 our ability to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting and remediate any material weaknesses; 
 our indebtedness and the potential that we may incur additional indebtedness; 
 the limitations and restrictions in the agreements governing our indebtedness, the Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Holdings and th e Tax Receivable Agreements (each as defined herein); 
 increases in interest rates and the impact of transitioning away from LIBOR, generally to Term SOFR (each as defined herein), as a benchmark rate in contracts; 
 changes in our credit ratings and outlook; 
 our ability to generate the significant amount of cash needed to service our indebtedness; 
 our organizational structure, including our payment obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreements, which may be significant; 
 our ability to sustain an active, liquid trading market for our Class A common stock; 
 the significant influence that CD R (as defined herein) has over us and potential conflicts between the interests of CD R and other stockholders; and 
 risks related to other factors discussed under Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 You should read this Annual Report on Form 10-K completely and with the understanding that actual future results may be materially different from expectations. All forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are qualified by these cautionary statements. These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and we do not undertake any obligation, other than as may be required by law, to update or revise any forward-looking or cautionary statements to reflect changes in assumptions, the occurrence of events, unanticipated or otherwise, and changes in future operating results over time or otherwise. 
 2 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Our Company 
 Core Main, Inc. Core Main and collectively with its subsidiaries, the Company, we, our or us is a holding company and its primary material asset is its direct and indirect ownership interest in Core Main Holdings, LP, a Delaware limited partnership Holdings ). Core Main is a leader in advancing reliable infrastructure with local service, nationwide. As a leading specialized distributor with a focus on water, wastewater, storm drainage and fire protection products, and related services, we provide solutions to municipalities, private water companies and professional contractors across municipal, non-residential and residential end markets, nationwide. Our specialty products and services are used primarily in the maintenance, repair, replacement and new construction of water, wastewater, storm drainage and fire protection infrastructure. We are one of only two national distributors operating across large and highly fragmented markets, which we estimate to represent approximately 40 billion in annual sales. 
 As of January 29, 2023, we have a network of approximately 320 branch locations in 48 states across the U.S., which serve as a critical link between over 4,500 suppliers and a diverse and long-standing base of approximately 60,000 customers. Our sales reach, technical knowledge, broad product portfolio, customer service, project planning and delivery capabilities, and ability to provide local expertise nationwide, make us a critical partner to both our customers and suppliers. 
 We offer a comprehensive portfolio of more than 200,000 stock keeping units SKUs covering a full spectrum of specialized products and services, including pipes, valves fittings, storm drainage products, fire protection products and fabrication services, and smart metering products and technology. Our products are generally unique to our industry and must meet local specifications. 
 We have a balanced mix of sales across product categories, end markets and construction sectors. We derived approximately 39 of our net sales for the fiscal year ended January 29, 2023 fiscal 2022 from the municipal construction sector, 39 from the non-residential construction sector, and 22 from the residential construction sector. Furthermore, we estimate that we had a near-equal mix of sales related to construction on new projects and existing repair and replace projects in fiscal 2022. 

Our company and our people are committed to advancing reliable infrastructure with local service, nationwide. Our mission is to serve as an industry leader, supplying local expertise, products and services to build innovative water, wastewater, storm drainage and fire protection solutions for the communities we serve. We support our customers and our communities in their efforts to find both short- and long-term solutions to conserve water. We embrace our responsibility in contributing to the evolution of our industry over the long term, providing innovative technology solutions and giving visibility to the critical importance of reliable water infrastructure and fire protection systems. 
 3 

Our History 
 Our first legacy distribution company dates back to 1874 and over the years, our company has grown organically and through a series of mergers and acquisitions. In 2005, The Home Depot acquired National Waterworks Holdings and subsequently merged it with Hughes Supply Inc. to establish one of the leading waterworks distributors in the U.S. Under The Home Depot s ownership, we became HD Supply Waterworks and completed several small acquisitions to further expand our geographic footprint. In 2007, a group of private equity investors acquired the HD Supply business from The Home Depot and subsequently executed an initial public offering in 2013. In August 2017, HD Supply Waterworks was acquired by Clayton, Dubilier Rice, LLC CD R from HD Supply and was subsequently rebranded as Core Main. On July 27, 2021, we completed our initial public offering of Class A common stock (the IPO ). Since then, we have continued to grow the business organically and through a series of acquisitions. 
 Our End Markets 
 We have diversified end market exposure across three primary construction sectors: (i) municipal; (ii) non-residential; and (iii) residential. 
 Based on management s estimates, we believe that our addressable market in the U.S. for the distribution of water, wastewater, storm drainage and fire protection products, and related services, represented approximately 40 billion in sales in fiscal 2022. Growth in our industry is driven by a broad array of factors, including municipal water infrastructure spending, water and wastewater utility rates, interest rates, commercial construction, housing starts, population growth and other demographic trends. 
 Municipal 
 We estimate that approximately 39 of our net sales in fiscal 2022 were to contractors and municipalities for municipal funded projects, including the repair, replacement, upgrade and new construction of water and wastewater supply, filtration, storage and distribution systems. Municipalities establish local product specifications based on regulatory requirements and engineering standards. Given our extensive geographic footprint and technical knowledge of products and local specifications, we believe we are well-equipped to anticipate and serve local needs as well as large private underground utility contractors who require national reach and an extensive product offering. 
 Municipal demand has exhibited steady growth over the long term due to the critical and immediate need to replace aged water infrastructure. However, due to limited available funding over the last decade, the pace of investment has significantly lagged the need for investment to upgrade water systems throughout the U.S., which has resulted in significant underinvestment in water supply, water safety and wastewater management. In November 2021, the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act IIJA was signed into law, which includes 55 billion to invest in water infrastructure across the U.S. In the coming years, we expect increased federal infrastructure investment to have a core focus on the upgrade, repair and replacement of municipal waterworks systems and to address demographic shifts and serve the growing population. We believe these dynamics, coupled with expanding municipal budgets, create the backdrop for a favorable funding environment and accelerated investment in projects that will benefit our business. 
 Non-Residential 
 We estimate that approximately 39 of our net sales in fiscal 2022 were directly related to clean water and wastewater infrastructure, storm drainage and fire protection systems supporting U.S. non-residential construction activity, including industrial, commercial, institutional, warehouse and multi-family development projects. Our products are often installed while breaking ground on new lot development during the initial construction phase, though some products, like storm drainage products, are used during both new construction and repair and replace activities. Our fire protection products are typically installed at later stages of construction projects compared to most of our other products and exhibit less seasonal patterns since they are generally installed indoors and are therefore less impacted by weather conditions. 
 Demand across the U.S. non-residential construction market has historically lagged residential construction activity as commercial development is necessary to support new housing development. Over the long term, we expect non-residential construction activity to increase as suburban communities expand and demand increases for our waterworks, storm drainage and fire protection products. Furthermore, the IIJA provides funding to protect against droughts, floods, heat and wildfires, funding to repair roads and bridges, and funding to create more modern and resilient airport infrastructure, which could provide benefits for non-residential construction activity over the next several years. 
 4 

Residential 
 We estimate that approximately 22 of our net sales in fiscal 2022 were directly related to clean water and wastewater infrastructure projects to supply and service residential construction activity. Residential spending in our industry is driven by new land and lot development for single-family housing. Over the long-term, U.S. residential construction activity is expected to grow as a result of population growth, low housing inventory and demographic population shifts. The current under-build of housing in the U.S. compared with household formations implies significant pent-up demand and continued growth going forward. 
 Our Strategies 
 We intend to capitalize on our competitive strengths to deliver profitable growth and create shareholder value through the following core strategies: 
 Replicate Successful Expansion in Underpenetrated Geographies 
 We have demonstrated an ability to successfully expand in underpenetrated geographies, having opened 15 new locations since 2017. We intend to continue pursuing opportunities to strengthen our presence in metropolitan statistical areas MSAs where we have an established footprint as well as in certain underserved markets. We believe we are well-positioned to do so through our market intelligence and our ability to attract and develop sales talent. We also intend to continue selectively driving greenfield expansion. We believe we can efficiently open new branches in attractive markets given our highly capable talent pool, our ability to capitalize on our scale, and learning curve advantages based on past successes in entering new geographies. We have identified over 170 MSAs where we believe we are underpenetrated and thus have opportunities to pursue greenfield expansion or offer more product lines and services, which we have estimated to be an approximately 1.1 billion sales opportunity. 
 Opportunistically Pursue Strategic Acquisitions 
 We have a strong track record of acquiring and integrating businesses. We take a disciplined approach to sourcing, acquiring and integrating complementary businesses that help us expand into new geographic areas, acquire key talent or offer new products and services. In addition, we evaluate and pursue opportunistic acquisitions in industries adjacent to those we currently serve. We have a strong acquisition platform in place, which bolsters our ability to pursue attractive assets in the market. Our experienced mergers and acquisitions team actively develops a large pipeline of synergistic acquisition targets and coordinates with field leadership to identify, pursue and integrate new businesses. Through favorable purchasing capabilities, fixed cost leverage, facility optimization, access to products and working capital optimization, we have been able to generate significant margin improvement and synergistic value from businesses we acquire. 
 We believe we are widely viewed as the acquirer of choice in our industry due to our respected reputation, our entrepreneurial culture, and our commitment to the development and well-being of our people. Our integration approach is to partner with the management of the acquired company to tailor the transition of the employees into our systems and processes. 
 Execute on Margin Enhancement Initiatives 
 From the fiscal year ended January 31, 2021 fiscal 2020 to fiscal 2022, our gross margin improved by approximately 290 basis points in part due to several initiatives, including private label product expansion, category management optimization, data-driven pricing strategies and an expansion of value-added products and services. We have complemented these initiatives with accretive acquisitions, which has resulted in sustainable margin expansion. 
 Our private label initiative accelerated after our acquisition of Long Island Pipe Supply, Inc. LIP in July 2019 and again after our acquisition of Trumbull Manufacturing, Inc. in October 2022, through which we gained access to a highly scalable assortment of private brands and products utilized throughout the water, wastewater and fire protection industries. We believe our global sourcing capabilities and strong international supplier relationships, as well as the potential for automated distribution and logistics, will continue to create competitive pricing advantages. We are expanding our direct sourcing and distribution capabilities in order to drive further margin expansion in the future. 
 The terms on which we purchase products from many of our suppliers entitle us to receive a rebate based on the amount of our purchases, a discount for timely payment or other favorable terms reflected in our historical results. Our category management team has identified numerous opportunities to continue shifting spend to suppliers with the best pricing and payment programs in order to optimize supplier incentives to expand gross margins. 
 5 

Additionally, we have a specialized team dedicated to driving sustainable margin improvement through pricing analytics. An end-to-end review of our pricing strategies identified key margin enhancement opportunities, including continued optimization of system-wide pricing through IT enhancements, data-driven customer and product analysis that enable us to identify price opportunities and mitigate potential margin impacts from price changes. We believe these gross margin initiatives, in addition to our ability to leverage fixed costs, create a path to drive margin expansion over the long-term. 
 Increase Share with Strategic Accounts 
 Through our strategic accounts program, we partner with national contractors and private water companies who typically pursue large-scale, complex projects that require greater technical expertise and specialized procurement needs. Sales through our strategic accounts program represented less than 5 of our fiscal 2022 net sales. We believe we are well-positioned to grow our share with these customers due to our dedicated sales team, which includes engineers and other experts who can provide significant insights on large, complex projects, including cases in which our customers are asked to design and build new water systems or wastewater treatment plants. Our partnerships with these customers extend throughout the entire project lifecycle, from the pre-bidding design phase to post-project support. We believe our strategic partnerships and national supplier relationships will continue to generate cross-selling opportunities and future business, while driving adoption within our distribution model. 
 Utilize Scale and Platform to Accelerate New Product Adoption 
 We utilize our vast geographic footprint, customer relationships, local industry knowledge and training capabilities to introduce and accelerate the adoption of new products and technology in our industry. Examples include the advancement of smart metering and fusible high-density polyethylene HDPE solutions for municipal customers, fabrication and kitting assemblies for fire protection contractors, and geosynthetics and erosion control products for residential and non-residential developers. 
 We have identified a number of underpenetrated product categories in large and attractive markets where we can grow and enhance our market share. Geosynthetics and erosion control is representative of these opportunities as it is a complementary product offering to existing customers in a large and fragmented market with significant growth opportunity. We believe that we can expand our presence in these underpenetrated product categories without investing significant capital or incurring substantial costs as a result of our existing branch network, favorable supplier relationships and low working capital requirements. 
 Invest in Attracting, Retaining and Developing World-Class Talent 
 We believe that our continued investment in the development and well-being of our people, together with our focus on our foundational core values of honesty and integrity, support our commitment to our associates and to customer service. Our award-winning training programs enable us to accelerate development of our top talent to drive profitable growth while maintaining a supportive and mission-driven culture. 
 We intend to continue investing in our already strong talent base by attracting and developing associates. Our training and leadership curricula and expanded diversity and inclusion programs drive high associate engagement and a positive associate experience. In addition, we deliver attractive career growth opportunities to our associates while leveraging their knowledge and expertise. 
 Our Products Services 
 Our comprehensive product portfolio consists of more than 200,000 SKUs from approximately 4,500 suppliers. Our offering consists of pipes, valves fittings, storm drainage products, fire protection products and fabrication services, and smart metering products and technology. Our customers value our product breadth and geographic reach, as well as our technical product knowledge and consultation services. While pricing is important to our customers, availability, convenience, reliability and expertise are also important factors in their purchase decisions. In addition, our project management capabilities provides us with a competitive advantage over many competitors who offer a more limited selection of services. 
 6 

Pipes, Valves Fittings 
 Pipes, valves, hydrants and fittings are used in the distribution and flow control of water within water and wastewater transmission networks. Our pipe products, which typically range in diameter from 1/2 to 60 , include materials such as PVC, ductile iron, HDPE, steel and copper. Our valves are used to control the flow of water within water transmission networks and are often specified to meet the needs of each project. Our hydrants provide a point-of-access for fire fighters to quickly tap into pressurized water systems, and they vary based on local specifications and regulations. Our fittings and restraints, made from a variety of materials depending on local specifications and regulations, are used to connect pipe sections, valves and other devices to each other. This category also includes other complementary products and services used for the service, repair and replacement of underground water infrastructure. 
 Pipes, valves fittings products accounted for approximately 68 of our net sales in fiscal 2022. 
 Storm Drainage 
 Our storm drainage products are used in the construction of stormwater management systems to retain, detain and divert stormwater runoff. Our storm drainage product offering includes corrugated HDPE and metal piping systems, retention basins, inline drains, manholes, grates, geosynthetics and erosion control products, and other related products. Our storm drainage product offering varies by market depending on local codes and engineering specifications. 
 Storm drainage products accounted for approximately 14 of our net sales in fiscal 2022. 
 Fire Protection 
 Our fire protection products are installed in commercial, institutional, industrial, warehouse and multi-family buildings, and they are used to extinguish and prevent the spread of fires. A typical fire protection product offering includes pipe, sprinkler heads and devices, and other accessories. We also offer customized fabrication and kitting services, providing a comprehensive solution for all fire protection product needs. Our fire protection products meet strict quality standards, and our offering varies by market based on local specifications, regulations and fire codes. 
 Fire protection products accounted for approximately 11 of our net sales in fiscal 2022. 
 Meters 
 Our smart meters are used for water volume measurement and regulation and include automated meter reading and advanced metering infrastructure technologies. We offer multi-stage smart metering solutions to our customers, including meter accessories, meter installation, network infrastructure and software installation, training and long-term service contracts to deliver cost efficiencies to our customers. Our smart meters and advanced metering technology provide labor savings benefits for our municipal customers and help reduce water loss through leak detection. 
 Meter products accounted for approximately 7 of our net sales in fiscal 2022. 
 Our Customers 
 We have a fragmented customer base that consists of approximately 60,000 customers. Our top 50 customers represented approximately 12 of our net sales in fiscal 2022, with our largest customer accounting for less than 1 of net sales. 
 Our customers choose us for our breadth of products and services, extensive industry knowledge, familiarity with local specifications, convenient branch locations and project management capabilities. We utilize our deep supply chain relationships to provide customers with a one-stop-shop experience and customized support in their efforts to maintain and construct water, wastewater, storm drainage and fire protection systems. Our scale and geographic footprint allows us to obtain preferred access to products for our customers, even during periods of material shortages. We have the ability to serve both smaller, local customers and larger, national customers with relevant expertise and the right inventory on hand. Our local sales associates take a consultative sales approach, using knowledge of the local regulatory requirements and specifications to provide customer-specific product and service solutions. We are deeply involved in our customers planning processes, and we have the ability to support our customers by converting engineered drawings and specifications into accurate and comprehensive material project plans. For specific smart metering, treatment plant, storm drainage or fusible HDPE pipe solutions, our sales associates partner with a deep and dedicated team of nearly 240 national and regional product specialists to assist customers in project scoping and specialized product selection. Our technical knowledge and experience are complemented by our proprietary customer facing digital technology tools, which enable us to work closely and efficiently with our customers in material management, timely inventory purchasing, quoting and coordinated jobsite delivery. We believe our customer facing technology tools build customer loyalty and drive repeat business, and also create a competitive advantage over smaller competitors who may not have the scale or resources to provide similar technology or services. 
 7 

Our Suppliers 
 We have strong relationships with our suppliers due to our long history in the industry, substantial purchasing scale, national footprint and ability to reach a fragmented customer base. Our national footprint and reach to local communities are essential to our suppliers, as we have a highly developed understanding of the local markets, customer base and growth opportunities. We believe we are one of the largest volume customers for many of our suppliers, leading to favorable purchasing arrangements regarding product availability, payment terms and pricing. Our scale also enables us to secure distribution rights that are either exclusive or given to a limited number of distributors in key product categories, and to provide key products to customers that are unavailable to our competitors. Our size and scale, supplier relationships, and technical knowledge of products and local specifications enable us to obtain preferred access to specialized products and preferred access to products during periods of material shortages, or when shorter-than-usual lead times are required for certain projects. This provides us with a competitive advantage versus smaller competitors, particularly for large and complex projects. Our largest single supplier represented 8 of product expenditures in fiscal 2022, and our top ten suppliers represented 47 of total product expenditures during the same period. We strategically conduct business with our top suppliers in order to optimize our scale advantages, but we also have the flexibility to source the majority of our products from a number of alternate suppliers when necessary. 
 Our Competition 
 The U.S. water, wastewater, storm drainage and fire protection products distribution industry, and the end markets we serve, are highly fragmented. We face competition on a national level from only one other national distributor, but we are unique in our dedicated focus on water and fire protection infrastructure. The remainder of our market is served by hundreds of regional, local and specialty niche distributors, and through direct sales by manufacturers to end users. We estimate that our net sales accounted for approximately 17 of our 40 billion addressable market in fiscal 2022. 
 The principal competitive factors in our industry include the breadth, availability, access and pricing of products and services, technical knowledge and project planning capabilities, local expertise, as well as delivery capability and reliability. We believe that we are a leader in the local markets that we serve, and our national scale gives us meaningful competitive advantages compared to our smaller competitors. 
 Our Operating Structure 
 We strategically organize our branch network to meet the specific needs of our customers in each local market, and we support our branches with the resources of a large company, delivered through district and regional management, including company-wide sales, operations and back-office functions. We believe this allows each local branch manager to tailor his or her branch s strategy, marketing and product and service offerings to address the specific needs of customers in each of their markets, while maintaining many of the benefits of our company s scale. Our branch associates have the opportunity to earn competitive compensation through our performance-based compensation plans, which are based on local performance. 
 We support our network of approximately 320 branches with the following company-wide resources: strategic account management, product specialists, category management, sourcing, supply chain, finance, tax, accounting, payroll, marketing communications, human resources, legal, safety and information technology. Nearly all of our branches operate on an integrated technology platform, allowing us to utilize our combined capabilities for procurement, inventory management, financial support, data analytics and performance reporting. 
 Our branch operational structure is organized by region and then by district to optimize both the oversight and sharing of resources and products. Each region is led by a regional vice president who manages a multistate territory. This regional structure enables us to address the specific management, strategic and operational needs of each region. 
 Our Distribution Network 
 Our branch-based b usiness model is the core of our operations and the primary component of our distribution network. Our branches are strategically located near our customers and vary in size depending on local demand and customer needs. Our branches average approximately 10 associates and include branch management, sales representatives, warehouse staff and other support staff. In our larger branches, the staff may also include a sales manager, purchasing manager or estimator. Each branch carries approximately 4,500 SKUs on average, with many of them on hand as inventory and the rest available for delivery. Our branch managers have the autonomy to optimi ze their product and service offerings based on the local specifications, regulations and customer preferences within each local market. 
 Our branch network connects large suppliers with smaller volume customers whose consumption patterns tend to make them uneconomical to be served directly by our suppliers. Our branches receive products in both large and small quantities from our suppliers and stock products in warehouses and yards for purchase. Our specialized fleet of delivery equipment allows us to deliver materials to our customers worksites in a timely and cost-efficient manner. 
 8 

We also offer direct distribution options to our customers on a wide range of products. This value-added service includes logistics and sourcing for larger products and quantities between our suppliers and our customers, which we believe helps our customers with inventory management and delivery scheduling, particularly when working on large-scale projects with multiple phases and delivery schedules. Contractors work with our sales teams throughout all phases of the project life cycle, including estimating and material take-off, product sourcing and bid preparation through delivery. Leveraging our vast supplier network, we are able to arrange convenient direct shipment to jobs, which can be aligned to each phase of the project. 
 Our Sales Force 
 As of January 29, 2023, we had approximately 1,700 sales representatives, the majority of whom were inside sales representatives based at local branches. Inside sales representatives are responsible for project management, coordinating incoming orders, providing estimates and ordering material. Our sales representatives also include approximately 550 field sales representatives who routinely visit existing customers, potential customers and jobsites. These field sales representatives remain attuned to activity in their local market, identifying and tracking active projects, and are responsible for generating sales and identifying new customers and projects. They also directly assist and educate customers, taking a consultative approach and helping with custom projects and product solutions tailored to our customers needs. While our sales representatives are typically assigned to a local branch and report to a branch manager, they can service an entire district and report to a district manager based on a specific customer or project need and the size of the branch. 
 Our sales representatives are highly experienced with in-depth product and technical knowledge, significant local insights and strong long-term customer relationships, all of which are critical to our success. On average, our field sales representatives have over 13 years of experience in the water, wastewater, storm drainage and fire protection industries. Our sales approach is highly consultative, as our representatives are often deeply involved in our customers processes and assist in project scoping, product selection and materials management. Our sales force also includes a deep and dedicated team of over 240 technical product specialists at the national and regional levels who have expertise in specific product and service offerings, and who support our other sales representatives with product training and technical support. 
 Our Human Capital 
 We believe our associates are the key drivers of our success, and we are focused on attracting, training, promoting and retaining industry-leading talent. Our authentic, purpose-driven culture enables our associates to thrive in our company and our industry. We have a strong track record of developing our associates for success and driving high employee engagement. Our ability to attract and retain talent is based on four foundational pillars: pay for performance, training and development, diversity and inclusion and benefits. 
 As of January 29, 2023, we employed approximately 4,500 associates, including approximately 250 in branch management positions, 1,300 in branch operations, 1,700 in sales positions, 600 in warehouse positions and 650 in other positions supporting the company. Approximately 105 of our associates were covered by collective bargaining agreements. 
 Pay for Performance 
 We believe that our strong culture, consistent investment in our people and competitive compensation programs result in low turnover rates across key roles. Sales associates have the opportunity to earn competitive compensation through our performance-based compensation structure, which aligns our interests with those of our associates. Our leadership incentive programs link compensation levels to the achievement of branch or region-specific goals based on profitability and return on investment. Our local service, nationwide philosophy incentivizes both our sales force and our operations team to be entrepreneurial, making decisions grounded in a customer-centric approach. Most other associates also participate in a profit sharing plan that aligns their compensation to profitability and return on investment. 
 Training and Development 
 Our associates are the most essential resource to our company. Their knowledge, expertise and growth are critical to our company s success. We believe that our continued investment in the development and well-being of our people, and our focus on our foundational core values of honesty and integrity, support our commitment to hands-on customer service. At Core Main, our associates develop by learning from the best of the best on the job, in our national learning center, through in-house subject matter experts and with virtual and online academies. 
 Our learning team offers a wide range of award-winning training programs and courses such as sales, operations, product expertise, leadership, management and safety. We also provide customized training, talent reviews and early career rotational programs for college graduates to develop as future leaders. We utilize our suppliers to enhance our knowledge base as new products and best practices are continually rolled out. 
 9 

This talent-first approach enables us to develop and promote top talent to drive profitable growth while maintaining a supportive and mission-driven culture. Year after year, associates rate our learning opportunities as one of the most valuable aspects of working at Core Main. 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 We believe our diversity and inclusion efforts are critical to the success of our talent strategy. A core element of our mission is to build strong relationships with one another and in the communities we serve. Some of our efforts are well established, such as our Women s Network, and are intended to develop women in our industry. More recently, we have created an internal diversity and inclusion advisory group, a mental health council, and an associate caring fund. Through our training programs, we are taking a proactive approach to grow and retain our own talent and develop more diverse leaders in our industry. We frequently check the pulse of our associates, in addition to our annual engagement survey to listen and act on feedback. This ongoing, two-way dialogue provides our associates with a voice in creating and improving our culture, and the overall associate experience. We believe being included and having a voice is vital for associate engagement and underscores our core principle: Team members are family. 
 Benefits 
 Our comprehensive benefits program reflects our overall belief that benefits should address the whole associate experience, including health and well-being. We offer associates a comprehensive benefits package, which includes access to a concierge service to help them navigate their benefits. These efforts are representative of our focus on promoting a consistent, positive experience for all associates. 
 Our Intellectual Property 
 We rely on trademarks, trade names and licenses to maintain and improve our competitive position. We believe that we have the trademarks, trade names and licenses necessary for the operation of our business as we currently conduct it. We rely on both trademark registration and common law protection for trademarks. Trademark rights may potentially extend indefinitely and are dependent upon national laws and our continued use of the trademarks. 
 Except for the Core Main trademark and licenses of commercially available third-party software, we do not consider our trademarks, trade names or licenses to be material to the operation of our business taken as a whole. As we continue our growth strategy around our private label distribution capabilities, we anticipate the trademarks related to private label will continue to grow in value. We nevertheless face intellectual property-related risks and may be unable to obtain, maintain and enforce our intellectual property rights. Assertions by third parties that we violate their intellectual property rights could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Regulation 
 We are subject to various federal, state, and local laws and regulations, compliance with which increases our operating costs and subjects us to the possibility of regulatory actions or proceedings. Noncompliance with these laws and regulations can subject us to penalties, fines or various forms of civil, administrative, or criminal actions, any of which could have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or competitive position. 
 These federal, state, and local laws and regulations include laws relating to wage and hour, permitting and licensing, state contractor laws, workers safety, transportation, tax, business with disadvantaged business enterprises, collective bargaining and other labor matters, environmental and associate benefits. 
 Our facilities and operations are subject to a broad range of federal, state and local environmental, health and safety laws, including those relating to the release of hazardous materials into the environment, the emission or discharge of pollutants or other substances into the air, water, or otherwise into the environment, the management, treatment, storage and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes, the investigation and remediation of contamination and the protection of the health and safety of our associates. 
 Our failure to comply with environmental, health and safety laws may result in fines, penalties and other sanctions as well as liability for response costs, property damages and personal injuries resulting from past or future releases of, or exposure to, hazardous materials. The cost of compliance with environmental, health and safety laws and capital expenditures required to meet regulatory requirements is not currently anticipated to have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or competitive position. New laws or changes in or new interpretations of existing laws, the discovery of previously unknown contamination or the imposition of other environmental, health or safety liabilities or obligations in the future may lead to additional compliance or other costs, which could have a material effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or competitive position. 
 10 

Organizational Structure 
 Core Main was incorporated on April 9, 2021 for the purpose of facilitating the IPO and other related transactions in order to carry on the business of Holdings and its consolidated subsidiaries. Core Main is a holding company, and its primary material asset is its ownership interest in Holdings, a portion of which is held indirectly through CD R WW, LLC. Holdings has no operations and no material assets of its own other than its indirect ownership interest in Core Main LP, the legal entity that conducts the operations of Core Main. For more information regarding the IPO, the Reorganization Transactions (as defined below under in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations Initial Public Offering and Secondary Offerings and our holding company structure, see Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in the Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Available Information 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 1830 Craig Park Court, St. Louis, MO 63146, and our telephone number is (314) 432-4700. Our website is www.coreandmain.com. We use our website as a routine channel for distribution of information that may be material to investors, including news releases, financial information, presentations and corporate governance information. None of the information contained on, or that may be accessed through, our website or any other website identified herein is part of, or incorporated into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and you should not rely on any such information in connection with your decision to invest in our Class A common stock. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act are available on our website, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such materials with, or furnish them to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Additionally, the SEC maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including us, at www.sec.gov. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 You should carefully consider the factors described below, in addition to the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These risk factors are important to understanding the contents of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and of other reports. Should one or more of these risks be realized, it could result in a material impact to our operations, liquidity or financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows. Our reputation, business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows are subject to various risks. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones relevant to us. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also adversely impact our reputation, financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 
 We have been, and may continue to be, adversely impacted by declines and volatility in the U.S. residential and non-residential construction markets, which may result in reduced net sales. 
 Our business is largely dependent on activity in the U.S. residential and non-residential construction markets, which are volatile and subject to cyclical market pressures. The length and magnitude of these cycles have varied over time and by market. Approximately 22 and 39 of our net sales in fiscal 2022 were directly related to the U.S. residential and non-residential end markets, respectively. The level of activity in the U.S. residential and non-residential construction markets is based on numerous factors such as availability of credit, interest rates, general economic conditions, consumer confidence and other factors that are beyond our control. For example, interest rate increases throughout calendar 2022 and into 2023 are a contributing factor to slowing new lot development and contraction in the residential end market. It is uncertain if the Federal Reserve Board will continue to raise rates in the future and if so to what level and for how long. Continued rate increases may result in a downturn in U.S. residential and non-residential construction markets that could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. 
 We cannot predict the duration of the residential or non-residential construction industry market conditions or the timing of the recovery of residential or non-residential construction activity back to the historical averages. Participants in the U.S. residential and non-residential construction industries may postpone spending in response to tighter credit, negative financial news or declines in income or asset values, which could have a material negative effect on the demand for our products. We also cannot provide any assurances that the operational strategies we have implemented to address current or future market conditions will be successful. Due to these factors and the potential volatility in the residential and non-residential construction markets, there may be fluctuations in our operating results, and the results for any historical period may not be indicative of results for any future period. This uncertainty about current or future economic conditions and potential volatility in U.S. residential and non-residential construction markets may lead to reduced demand for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. 
 11 

Our business and the market for our products and services generally are subject to slowdowns in municipal infrastructure spending which may result in reduced net sales. 
 The market for the distribution of our products and services is affected by national, regional and local slowdowns in the amount spent by municipalities on infrastructure. We supply many of our products to contractors in connection with municipal projects. Approximately 39 of our net sales in fiscal 2022 were related to the municipal market. Many of the factors that influence municipal infrastructure spending are not within our control. 
 Municipal infrastructure spending depends largely on availability and commitment of public funds for municipal spending, interest rates, water system capacity and general economic conditions. Economic downturns in any of our markets could reduce municipal tax revenues and the level of infrastructure spending and construction activity and thus our net sales. 
 In addition, municipal budget processes and conditions in the municipal bond market can impact municipal spending. If a municipality is experiencing budget difficulties, or if a municipality is unable to access capital through the municipal bond market or state revolving funds, it may allocate less funding to infrastructure projects, which could also adversely affect our net sales. 
 Fluctuations in federal funding can also negatively impact municipal spending. Reduced federal funding and corresponding reductions in federal fund appropriations can adversely affect many of our customers, who derive funding from federal, state and local bodies, which in turn can reduce the demand for our products and services. Conversely, increased federal funding can also adversely affect our business by slowing down state and local spending as a result of delays in appropriating such federal funding to our end customers. In November 2021, the IIJA, which includes 55 billion to invest in water infrastructure across the U.S., was signed into law. When such a large amount of federal funding for infrastructure projects is allocated at once, funds may not be efficiently distributed to the markets in which we operate on a timely basis. Many of our customers, including those in our municipal end market, may also choose or be forced to delay the commencement of infrastructure projects until such funds are allocated, may choose or be forced to re-scope construction-ready infrastructure projects to qualify for federal funding or may not be able to timely pay for products or services provided, which could delay any benefits we expect to receive from the IIJA. In conjunction with the IIJA, the Build America Buy America Act BABA was enacted, which requires that all iron, steel, manufactured products, and construction materials used in covered infrastructure projects are produced in the U.S. Should the products we distribute be deemed to not comply with BABA, we may not realize the potential benefits from the IIJA. Further, while our industries may benefit from increased federal funding, there is no certainty that we will receive benefits associated with such increase, as a disproportionate amount of funds could go to our competitors. 
 We may lose business to competitors through the competitive bidding process. 
 A portion of municipal infrastructure work is awarded through competitive bidding processes in which municipalities or contractors serving municipalities compare estimates from multiple distributors. In addition, certain contractors that serve residential and non-residential markets obtain estimates from multiple distributors. The procurement process for this work is based in part on price and the acceptance of certain risks, including risks related to fixed-price contracts and cost-overruns. We may lose business to lower-cost competitors from price-sensitive customers who do not value our sales reach, technical knowledge, broad product portfolio, customer service and project planning and delivery capabilities. In addition, increased competition from other market participants may cause us, or our contractor clients bidding for such contracts, to not be successful in obtaining or renewing these contracts. Our inability to replace a significant number of contracts lost through competitive bidding processes with other revenue sources within a reasonable time could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. 
 We are subject to price fluctuations in our product costs. 
 The costs to procure the products we sell are historically volatile and subject to fluctuations arising from changes in supply and demand, national and international economic conditions, labor costs, competition, market speculation, government regulation and trade policies, supply chain constraints, as well as delivery delays due to the availability of domestic or global logistics, and fuel cost volatility. 
 12 

Our financial performance is impacted by price fluctuations in the cost to procure substantially all the products we sell and our ability to reflect these changes, in a timely manner, in our customer pricing. Increases in prices of products we purchase and sell has increased over the past twenty-four months due to several factors, including, but not limited to, constraints in the supply chain associated with labor, global logistics, and availability of raw materials, that are in part due to the impact of COVID-19 on the global economy, conflict in countries that export raw materials in our products and other weather events. These factors led to decreased availability of certain products that we purchase from our suppliers. Disruptions caused by natural disasters or similar extreme weather events may also affect our ability to both maintain key products in inventory and deliver products to our customers on a timely basis, which may in turn adversely affect the Company. For example, operations at certain plants and facilities located in Texas that produce resin, a raw material used in the production of the PVC pipe that we purchase from suppliers, were temporarily shut down as a result of the winter storms of 2021, which caused supply chain disruptions and PVC pipe shortages, which in turn drove product cost increases. Any material shortage of products in the market as a result of natural disasters or similar extreme weather events can negatively impact our net sales, and we may not be able to offset increased product costs via corresponding price increases. Additionally, the conflict in Ukraine resulted in increases in costs associated with products containing ductile iron and steel. A shortage of available manufacturing capacity, or excess capacity, in the industry can result in significant increases or declines in the supply of our products, which in turn results in fluctuations in the market prices for our products, sometimes within a short period of time. Although in some cases we have firm price quotes with our suppliers that fix the price at which we purchase products for a defined period of time, we have experienced termination of certain contracts through the enactment of force majeure contractual clauses. 
 We may experience price volatility associated with the implementation or rescission of tariffs or other restrictions placed on foreign imports by the U.S. or any related counter-measures are taken by impacted foreign countries. Tariff-related activities may also impact the level of demand associated with products subject to tariffs as our customers may seek alternative products. Most recently, the U.S. enacted tariffs on imported steel products from China that led domestic sellers to respond with market-based increases. It remains unclear what future actions may be taken by the U.S. or other governments with respect to international trade agreements, the imposition or removal of tariffs on goods imported into the U.S., the creation or removal of barriers to trade, tax policy related to international commerce, or other trade matters, and the impact of those actions of the cost of products we sell. 
 We have a limited ability to control the timing and amount of changes in the cost to procure our products. Although we seek to recover increases in our product costs by passing product cost increases on to our customers, we may not always be successful. In addition, in periods of declining costs for our products, we may face pricing pressure from our customers, requiring us to reduce the prices at which we sell our products to our customers in order to remain competitive in our markets. As we have experienced significant product cost increases over the past twenty-four months, there is increased risk in future periods that we may experience a higher level of deflation, net sales declines or net sales growth at substantially lower rates than in recent periods following improvements in the availability of labor, transportation and products. Due to supply chain constraints, distributors may have increased inventory levels to ensure product availability. As the supply chain improves and product lead time becomes more predictable, distributors may reduce their inventory levels. This may increase competition by suppliers based on price and contribute to deflation. We estimate that approximately 100 to 150 basis points of the fiscal 2022 gross margin increases could be temporary in nature and may not be sustainable once product supply dynamics return to normal and market pricing stabilizes. Our ability to adjust prices in a timely manner to account for such price fluctuations may often depend on market conditions, our fixed costs and other factors, and our failure to adapt our product prices and operational strategies could result in lower revenue, profitability and the write down of our inventories. Historically, we have not engaged in material hedging strategies for purchases of products. We generally sell our products on a spot basis and not under long-term contracts. Any increase in product costs that are not offset by an increase in our prices, or our inability to maintain price levels in an environment of declining product costs, could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. 
 We are subject to inventory management risks. Insufficient inventory may result in lost sales opportunities or delayed revenue, while excess inventory may negatively impact our gross margin. 
 We balance the need to maintain inventory levels that are sufficient to ensure competitive lead times against the risk of inventory obsolescence due to changing customer or consumer requirements and fluctuating product costs. If we overestimate demand and purchase too much of a particular product, we face a risk that the price of that product will fall, leaving us with inventory that we cannot sell at historical profit margins or record a material charge if we are required to write-down inventory at net realizable value . Even after an inventory write-down we would likely not be able to sell the inventory at historical product margins. If we underestimate demand and purchase insufficient quantities of products, inventory shortages could result in delayed revenue, loss of sales opportunities, and/or reduced profit margins. Either of these scenarios could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. These risks are elevated during periods of supply chain disruption as we may simultaneously be unable to obtain certain products in a timely manner and increase on-hand quantities of other products. 
 
 13 

Acquisitions and other strategic transactions involve a number of inherent risks, any of which could result in the benefits anticipated not being realized. 
 Acquisitions are an important component of our growth strategy and we regularly consider and enter into strategic transactions, including mergers, acquisitions, investments and other growth, market and geographic expansion strategies, with the expectation that these transactions will result in increases in net sales, cost savings, synergies and various other benefits. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to grow our business through acquisitions or other strategic transactions as we have done historically or that any businesses acquired will perform in accordance with expectations or that business judgments concerning the value, strengths and weaknesses of businesses acquired will prove to be correct. Our ability to deliver the expected benefits from any strategic transactions that we complete is subject to numerous uncertainties and risks, including our ability to integrate personnel, labor models, financial, supply chain and logistics, IT and other systems successfully; disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of management and other critical personnel; hiring additional management and other critical personnel; and increasing the scope, geographic diversity and complexity of our operations. If an acquired business fails to operate as anticipated or cannot be successfully integrated with our existing business it could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. We will continue to analyze and evaluate the acquisition of strategic businesses and other strategic transactions with the potential to strengthen our industry position or enhance our existing product offerings. Moreover, consolidation in our industry could make it more difficult for us to maintain operating margins and could also increase competition for our potential acquisition targets and result in higher purchase price multiples. 
 In addition, our expansion into new markets and product categories through acquisition may present competitive, distribution and regulatory challenges that differ from current ones. We may be less familiar with the target customers and may face different or additional risks, as well as increased or unexpected costs, compared to existing operations. Growth into new markets may also bring us into direct competition with companies with whom we have little or no past experience as competitors. To the extent we are reliant upon expansion into new geographic, industry and product markets for growth and do not meet the new challenges posed by such expansion our ability for future sales growth may be limited and/or we may incur higher operating costs. 
 In connection with any acquisition, we may acquire liabilities or defects such as legal claims, including those not identified during due diligence, such as third-party liability and other tort claims; claims for breach of contract; employment-related claims; environmental, health and safety liabilities, conditions or damage; permitting, regulatory or other compliance with law issues; liability for hazardous materials; or trade liabilities. If we acquire any of these liabilities, and they are not adequately covered by insurance or an enforceable indemnity or similar agreement from a creditworthy counterparty, we may be responsible for significant out-of-pocket expenditures. In connection with any divestitures, we may incur liabilities for breaches of representations and warranties or failure to comply with operating covenants under any agreement for a divestiture. In addition, we may indemnify a counterparty in a divestiture for certain liabilities of the subsidiary or operations subject to the divestiture transaction. These liabilities, if they materialize, could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. 
 In addition, any future acquisition could be financed by additional indebtedness or raising equity, which could increase leverage or result in dilution to our existing stockholders, as applicable, and impact our ability to access capital in the future. See Risks Related to Our Indebtedness. 
 Our industry and the markets in which we operate are fragmented and highly competitive, and increased competitive pressures, including the pressure to consolidate, could adversely affect our business. 
 The markets in which we operate are fragmented and highly competitive. Competition varies depending on product line, type of customer and geographic area. We have only one major national competitor, but we also face competition from regional and local competitors and a limited number of manufacturers who sell directly to large customers within our customer base. We estimate that our net sales accounted for approximately 17 of our 40 billion addressable market in fiscal 2022. Any failure to compete with our national, regional or local competitors could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. 
 There has also been some consolidation of customers within our industry who are increasingly aware of the total costs of fulfillment and of the need to have consistent sources of supply at multiple locations. This consolidation could cause our industry to become more competitive as greater economies of scale are achieved by customers, or as competitors with new lower cost transactional business models are able to operate with lower prices. We believe these customer needs could result in fewer distributors as the remaining distributors become larger and more capable of being consistent sources of supply. If customers grow from consolidation, they may choose to vertically integrate the distribution of products we sell and purchase directly from our vendors. This level of direct procurement would bypass distributors, including us, and could have a material adverse impact to our sales and/or make it more difficult for us to maintain operating margins. 
 14 

The development of alternatives to distributors of our products in the supply chain could cause a decrease in our net sales and operating results and limit our ability to grow our business. 
 Our customers could begin purchasing more of their product needs directly from our suppliers, which could result in decreases in our net sales and earnings. For example, multiple municipalities may outsource their entire waterworks systems to a single company, thereby increasing such company s leverage in the marketplace and its ability to buy directly from suppliers. Our suppliers could also invest in increasing their capacity to expand their own local sales force and sell more products directly to our customers, which could result in a decrease in our net sales. Suppliers can often sell their products at lower prices and maintain higher gross margins on their product sales than we can. We intend to compete for these larger municipal projects, but there can be no guarantee that our efforts will be successful or that we will be able to complete any such projects within the anticipated budget or timeline. 
 As we continue to expand our direct sourcing and distribution capabilities as part of the private label initiative, this could result in loss of preferred access to products and unfavorable adjustments to pricing and terms due to direct competition with suppliers. 
 We may be unable to hire, engage and retain key personnel, including sales representatives, qualified branch, district and regional managers and senior management. 
 We are dependent, in part, on our continued ability to hire, engage and retain key associates, including sales representatives, qualified branch, district and regional managers and senior management, at our operations across the U.S. We rely upon experienced managerial, sales and support personnel to effectively manage our business and to successfully promote our wide range of products. We are primarily organized locally in branches and districts to allow our operations to respond to changes in local markets. As a result, our branch and district managers have a great deal of control over local operations. We also rely upon our national and regional teams of technical experts to provide insights on complex projects. If we are unable to attract and retain qualified branch and district managers or technical experts, we could be unable to respond to changes in local markets or developments in our projects in a timely manner, or at all. 
 Additionally, our operations depend on the continued efforts of our senior management. Our senior management team has substantial experience and expertise in our industry and has made significant contributions to our growth and success. The loss of their services could limit our ability to grow our business and cause disruptions in our operations. 
 If we fail to identify, develop and maintain relationships with a sufficient number of qualified suppliers or our exclusive or restrictive supplier distribution rights are terminated, our ability to timely and efficiently access products that meet our standards for quality could be adversely affected or we may experience an increase in the costs of our products that could reduce our overall profitability. 
 We buy our products and supplies from suppliers that manufacture and source products from the United States and abroad. We enter into agreements with many of our suppliers that provide us with exclusive or restrictive distribution rights, limiting our competitors ability to source materials from such suppliers. Our ability to identify and develop relationships with qualified suppliers and enter into exclusive or restrictive distribution rights agreements with suppliers who can satisfy our standards for quality and our need to access products and supplies in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge. In fiscal 2022, our top supplier accounted for approximately 8 of our product expenditures. Our top ten largest suppliers accounted for approximately 47 of our total purchases in fiscal 2022. We generally have multiple sources of supply, however, in some cases, materials are provided by a single supplier. Any failure to maintain our relationship with any of our top ten largest suppliers, the loss of a sole source supplier, or a failure to replace any such supplier that is lost, could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. 
 We may be required to replace a supplier if their products do not meet our quality or safety standards. In addition, our suppliers could discontinue selling products at any time for reasons that may or may not be in our control or the suppliers control, including shortages of raw materials, environmental and social supply chain issues, labor disputes or weather conditions. Disruptions in transportation lines, such as the March 2021 blockage of the Suez Canal and the adverse impact to the global shipping industry, may also cause global supply chain issues that affect us or our suppliers. Global economic conditions may also result in global supply chain issues that adversely impact our access to products and supplies. 
 15 

Our operating results are sensitive to the availability of freight. 
 We are dependent on third-party freight carriers to transport some of our products. Our access to third-party freight carriers is not guaranteed, and we may be unable to transport our products at economically attractive rates in certain circumstances, particularly in cases of adverse market conditions or disruptions to transportation infrastructure. For example, the U.S. is currently experiencing a shortage of qualified professional commercial truck drivers, which has impacted our suppliers ability to deliver products to us and our ability to deliver products on a timely basis. There can be no certainty that such shortage will be addressed in the near term and we may be unable to secure alternative means of freight transport. If the freight carrier capacity in our geographic markets were to decline significantly it could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. 
 A significant amount of our net sales are credit sales, which are made primarily to customers whose ability to pay is dependent, in part, upon the economic strength of the industry and geographic areas in which they operate. 
 Approximately 98 of our net sales volume in fiscal 2022 was facilitated through the extension of credit to our customers whose ability to pay is dependent, in part, upon the economic strength of the industry in the areas in which they operate. In some cases, our extension of credit is secured by mechanic liens or surety bonds backed by a surety company, but such security does not guarantee collection. If a customer is unable to pay off our mechanic lien or if such lien is not superior to other lienholders and creditors, we may not be able to recoup our extension of credit. The credit we extend to a customer depends on both the financial strength of the customer and the nature of the project in which the customer is involved. Certain customers may not make payments to us until they receive payments from their own customers. Supply chain constraints may extend project completion dates and ultimately the time until we receive full payment from our customers. The inability of our customers to pay off their credit lines in a timely manner, or at all, could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. Furthermore, our collections efforts with respect to non-paying or slow-paying customers could negatively impact our customer relations going forward. In addition, if our collections process fails to collect money due from a customer, we may be forced to initiate litigation against such customer to compel payment. Any such litigation could be costly, and the outcome would be uncertain. 
 Because we depend on the creditworthiness of certain of our customers, if the financial condition of our customers declines, our credit risk could increase. Significant contraction in our markets, coupled with tightened credit availability and financial institution credit underwriting standards, could adversely affect certain of our customers. If we experience delays and defaults in client payments and we pay our suppliers before receiving payment from our customers for the related products or services, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. 
 A change in supplier terms could adversely affect our income and margins . 
 The terms on which we purchase products from many of our suppliers entitle us to receive a rebate based on the amount of our purchases, a discount for timely payment or other favorable terms reflected in our historical results. These rebates effectively reduce the costs of our products, and we manage our business to maximize the benefit of these programs. Rebate arrangements are subject to renegotiation with our suppliers from time to time. Suppliers may adversely change the terms of or eliminate some or all of these programs. Although these changes would not affect the net recorded costs of products already purchased, they may materially lower our gross margins on products we sell or income we realize in future periods. 
 The rebate programs we negotiate with our vendors often require us to purchase minimum quantities or dollar amount of purchases to qualify for the rebate and result in higher rebates with increased quantities or dollars purchased. Even if our rebate programs are not adversely effected through negotiation, we may not earn rebates at level commensurate with historical periods and our gross margin percentage may be adversely impacted. Changes to our end markets that decrease demand for products or planned inventory reductions due to more reliable lead times for products may cause us to fall short of minimum quantities or dollar amounts required to earn a rebate or preclude us from reaching the highest rebates offered by our vendors. As many rebate programs are calculated as a percentage of dollars spent, deflation in product costs can adversely impact rebates earned relative to historical periods. 
 16 

We may not be able to identify new products and new product lines and integrate them into our distribution network, which could adversely affect our ability to compete. 
 Our business depends in part on our ability to identify future products and product lines that complement existing products and product lines and that respond to our customers needs, as well as our ability to identify and respond promptly to evolving trends in demographics, as well as customer wants, preferences and expectations. We may not be able to compete effectively unless our product selection keeps up with trends in the markets in which we compete, including the need for more localized assortments of our products to appeal to needs in each end-market, or trends in new products. As a result, we continually seek to offer products and solutions that allow us to stay at the forefront of the needs of the market for our products and services. The success of new products depends on a variety of factors, including timely and successful product development by our suppliers, market acceptance and demand, competitive response, our ability to manage risks associated with product life cycles, the effective management of inventory and purchase commitments and the availability and cost of raw materials for our suppliers. Some of the foregoing factors are beyond our control and we cannot fully predict the ultimate success of the introduction of new products. For example, water utilities have traditionally been slow adopters of new technology and may not adopt our new products as quickly as we expect. In introducing new products and solutions, any delays, unexpected costs, diversion of resources, loss of key associates, failure of the market to accept the new product or other setbacks could materially and adversely affect our business or financial condition. 
 A public health crisis could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. 
 A public health crisis and associated government restrictions to prevent its spread could have, an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition as well as the operations of some of our suppliers. A widespread public health crisis may decrease demand for our products due to public reaction to the health crisis or actions taken by governmental or other regulatory organizations to control or otherwise limit the effects of the public health crisis. This crisis may also limit labor availability that could adversely impact manufacturing and distribution throughout the supply chain and limit the availability of product by our suppliers. Depending on the ultimate scope and duration of the supply chain disruptions, we may experience increases in product costs which we may not be able to pass on to our customers, loss of sales due to lack of product availability or potential customer claims from the inability to provide products in accordance with contractual terms. In addition, if significant numbers of associates, key personnel and/or senior management become unavailable due to sickness, legal requirements or self-isolation, our operations could be disrupted and materially adversely affected. Measures taken in response to a public health crisis could adversely impact our ability to retain and attract associates, including key personnel. 
 The effects of a public health crisis were evident in the COVID-19 pandemic that we experienced in fiscal 2020, with continuing effects through fiscal 2021 and 2022. In fiscal 2020, we experienced decreased demand for our products and softening in our business, primarily during the second and third fiscal quarters. As our industry was considered to be an essential service, customer demand returned to normal levels in late fiscal 2020 and throughout fiscal 2021. However, we then experienced increased pressure on our supply chain due to several factors, including, but not limited to, labor availability, global logistics and availability of raw materials, that were in part due to the impact of COVID-19 on the global economy that led to significant inflation in late fiscal 2021 and throughout fiscal 2022. 
 We are unable to predict the likelihood, timing, magnitude and duration of a public health crisis and the associated effects to our business; but a future occurrence could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. 
 We could incur significant costs in complying with environmental, health and safety laws or permitting regimes or as a result of satisfying any liability or obligation imposed under such laws or permitting regimes. 
 Our facilities and operations are subject to a broad range of federal, state and local environmental, health and safety laws, including those relating to the release of hazardous materials into the environment, the management, treatment, storage and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes, the investigation and remediation of contamination and the protection of our associates. We have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, capital expenditures in addition to ordinary course costs to comply with applicable current and future environmental, health and safety laws. More stringent federal, state or local environmental rules or regulations could increase our operating costs and expenses. Our failure to comply with environmental, health and safety laws may result in fines, penalties, enforcement actions and other sanctions as well as liability for response costs, property damages and personal injuries resulting from releases of, or exposure to, hazardous materials. We could also be held liable for the costs to address contamination at any real property we have ever owned or operated, or used as a storage or disposal site. In addition, changes in, or new interpretations of, existing laws, the discovery of previously unknown contamination, or the imposition of other environmental, health or safety liabilities or obligations in the future, including additional investigation or other obligations with respect to any potential health hazards of our products or business activities, may lead to additional compliance or other costs that could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. 
 17 

We cannot assure you that any costs relating to future capital and operating expenditures to maintain compliance with environmental, health and safety laws, as well as costs to address contamination or environmental claims, will not exceed any current estimates and reserves or adversely affect our business. In addition, any unanticipated liabilities or obligations arising, for example, out of the discovery of previously unknown conditions or changes in law or enforcement policies, could materially and adversely affect our business or financial condition. 
 We are subject to regulation and regulatory change, and our costs of doing business could increase as a result of changes in federal, state or local regulations. 
 Our operations are principally affected by various statutes, regulations and laws in the U.S. states in which we operate. While we are not engaged in a heavily regulated industry, we are subject to various laws applicable to businesses generally, including laws affecting land usage, zoning, the environment, health and safety, transportation, labor and employment practices, competition, immigration and other matters. Additionally, building codes may affect the products our customers are allowed to use, and consequently, changes in building codes may affect the saleability of our products. In addition, changes to U.S. federal, state and local tax laws and regulations could have a material impact on us. See Item 1. Business Regulation. 
 We deliver products to many of our customers through our own fleet of vehicles. The U.S. Department of Transportation (the DOT regulates our operations in domestic interstate commerce. We are subject to various requirements governing interstate operations prescribed by the DOT, including safety regulations and other rules, including, for example, the DOT Disadvantaged Business Enterprise DBE Program, which imposes certain requirements to increase DBE participation in DOT-assisted projects and contracts. Vehicle dimensions and driver hours of service also remain subject to both federal and state regulation. More restrictive limitations on vehicle weight and size and trailer length and configuration could increase our costs. Furthermore, commercial driver s licensing requirements imposed by states or local governments could limit the availability of qualified drivers to transport our products, which could also increase our costs. If we are unable to pass these cost increases on to our customers, it would reduce our gross margins, increase our selling, general and administrative expenses and reduce our net income. 
 In addition, many of our municipal water products and infrastructure customers are regulated by federal and state government agencies, such as the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and state public utility commissions. These agencies could change the way in which they interpret current regulations and may impose additional regulations. Further, there may also be new legislation or regulatory change in response to the perceived effects of climate change, which is expected to continue to be the subject of increasing regulatory attention and requirements. Changes in environmental and climate change laws or regulations, including laws relating to greenhouse gas emissions, could lead to new or additional investment in product designs that could increase our environmental compliance expenditures. These changes could have a material adverse effect on our customers and the profitability of the services they provide, which could reduce demand for our services or our products and could further subject us to additional costs and restrictions, including increased energy, compliance and product costs. 
 We cannot predict the nature and timing of future developments in law and regulations and whether we will be successful in meeting future demands of regulatory agencies in a manner which will not materially adversely affect the Company. 
 Increasing scrutiny and changing stakeholder expectations and disclosures in respect of ESG and sustainability practices may adversely impact our business and our stock price and impose additional costs or expose us to new or additional risks. 
 Companies across all industries are facing increasing scrutiny from stakeholders related to their ESG and sustainability practices. Investor advocacy groups, proxy advisory firms, certain institutional investors and lenders, investment funds and other influential investors and rating agencies are also increasingly focused on ESG and sustainability practices and matters and on the implications and social cost of their investments and loans. Increased focus on ESG and sustainability matters could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition, and expose us to new or additional risks, including as described below. 
 18 

We recognize that our shareholders, employees, suppliers, customers, regulators and other stakeholders expect us to continue to focus on long-term sustainable performance and the broad positive impact we can have on the environment and in our communities. This includes addressing significant, relevant ESG factors, further working to prioritize sustainable energy practices and reducing our carbon footprint. We must also make strategic investments to ensure our sustainability goals and objectives are responsive to the broader market environment and directly tied to our overarching business priorities. We have incurred and expect to continue to incur costs and capital expenditures in doing so, and certain of such future costs and capital expenditures could be material. For example, on March 21, 2022, the SEC released proposed rule changes that would require new climate-related disclosure in SEC filings, including certain climate-related metrics and greenhouse gas emissions, information about climate-related targets and goals, transition plans, if any, and extensive attestation requirements. In addition to requiring filers to quantify and disclose direct emissions data, the new rules would also require disclosure of climate impact arising from the operations and uses by the filer's business partners and contractors and end-users of the filer's products and/or services. If adopted as proposed, the rule changes would cause us to incur additional compliance and reporting costs, certain of which could be material, including related to monitoring, collecting, analyzing and reporting new metrics and implementing systems and procuring additional internal and external personnel with the requisite skills and expertise to serve those functions and provide necessary attestation, as applicable. Such costs could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. 
 Further, if we do not adapt to or comply with investor or other stakeholder expectations and standards, which are evolving, or if we are perceived not to have responded appropriately or quickly enough to growing concern for ESG and sustainability issues, our business could suffer, including from reputational damage. Additionally, activist shareholders may submit proposals to promote an ESG-related position. Responding to such proposals, proxy contests and other actions by activist shareholders can be costly and time-consuming, disrupting our operations, causing reputational harm, and diverting the attention of our board of directors and senior management from the pursuit of business strategies. Further, a multitude of organizations that provide information to investors have developed ratings processes for evaluating companies on their approach to ESG and sustainability matters. Such ratings and reports are used by some investors to inform their investment and voting decisions. Unfavorable ESG ratings, or perceptions of us or our industry as a result of such ratings or our ESG and sustainability practices, may lead to increased negative investor and other stakeholder sentiment toward us or our customers, and to the allocation of investment capital to other industries and companies, which could negatively affect our stock price and access to and costs of capital. 
 The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. 
 The nature of our business exposes us to product liability, construction defect and warranty claims and other litigation and legal proceedings. 
 From time to time, we are involved in litigation and other legal proceedings and claims (including government inquiries, investigations and proceedings) in the ordinary course of business related to a range of matters, including, without limitation, environmental, contract, employment claims, product liability, construction defect and warranty claims. 
 We rely on manufacturers and other suppliers to provide us with most of the products we sell and distribute. However, as a distributor, we face an inherent risk of exposure to product liability and other claims in the event that the use of the products we have distributed in the past or may in the future distribute is alleged to have resulted in economic loss, personal injury or property damage or violated environmental, health or safety or other laws. In addition, we fabricate and install certain products, either internally or through third parties, which may increase our exposure to product liability claims. We cannot predict with certainty whether or how we may become liable under environmental and product liability statutes, rules, regulations and case law. In particular, we have been and continue to be subject to claims related to asbestos containing products, including for claims relating to products sold by businesses prior to being acquired by us. Asbestos-related claims have not historically had a material impact on our financial position or results of operations, but there can be no guarantee that any such claims will not have a material impact on us in the future. Although we currently maintain product/general liability insurance, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain such insurance on acceptable terms in the future, if at all, or that any such insurance will provide adequate protection against potential liabilities. Additionally, we do not carry insurance for all categories of risk that our business may encounter (including asbestos claims for which insurance is not attainable). Any significant liability that is uninsured or not fully insured may require us to pay substantial amounts. See additional discussion in Item 1. Business Legal Proceedings. 
 We also may, from time to time, be involved in government inquiries, investigations and proceedings. We cannot predict with certainty the outcomes of these inquiries, investigations and proceedings. The outcome of some of these events and other contingencies could require us to take, or refrain from taking, actions that could materially and adversely affect our business or financial condition, such as requiring us to pay substantial amounts of money. Additionally, defending against these lawsuits and proceedings may involve significant expense and diversion of management s attention and resources from other matters. 
 
 19 

Further, while we may seek indemnification against potential liability for product liability claims from relevant parties, including, but not limited to, manufacturers and suppliers, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to recover under such indemnification claims. Product liability claims can be expensive to defend and can divert the attention of management and other personnel for significant time periods, regardless of the ultimate outcome. An unsuccessful product liability defense could be highly costly and accordingly result in a decline in net sales and/or profitability. In addition, even if we are successful in defending any claim relating to the products we distribute, claims of this nature could negatively impact customer confidence in our products and us. 
 Failure to achieve and maintain a high level of product quality as a result of our suppliers or manufacturers mistakes or inefficiencies could damage our reputation and negatively impact our revenue and results of operations. 
 To continue to be successful, we must continue to preserve, grow and capitalize on the value of our brand in the marketplace. Reputational value is based in large part on perceptions of subjective qualities. Even an isolated incident, such as a high-profile product recall, or the aggregate effect of individually insignificant incidents, can erode trust and confidence, particularly if such incident or incidents result in adverse publicity, governmental investigations or litigation, and as a result, could tarnish our brand and lead to a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. 
 In particular, product quality issues as a result of our suppliers or manufacturers acts or omissions could negatively impact customer confidence in our brands and our products. As we do not have direct control over the quality of the products manufactured or supplied by such third-party suppliers, we are exposed to risks relating to the quality of the products we distribute. If our product offerings do not meet applicable safety standards or customers expectations regarding safety or quality, or are alleged to have quality issues or to have caused personal injury or other damage, we could experience lower revenue and increased costs and be exposed to legal, financial and reputational risks, as well as governmental enforcement actions. In addition, actual, potential or perceived product safety concerns could result in costly product recalls. 
 We seek to enter into contracts with suppliers which provide for indemnification from any costs associated with the provision of defective products. However, there can be no assurance that such contractual rights will be obtained or adequate, or that related indemnification claims will be successfully asserted by us. 
 Any difficulties with, or interruptions of, our fabrication services could delay our output of products and harm our relationships with our customers. 
 Any difficulties with, or interruptions of, our fabrication service operations could delay our output of products and harm our relationships with our customers. Although the majority of our overall product offerings relate to distribution for which we engage in no significant manufacturing, we do perform light fabrication services for certain product categories, including fire protection, storm drainage and fusible piping products, which collectively accounted for less than 5 of our net sales in fiscal 2022 and which we believe are products with significant opportunities for growth. If our fabrication processes fail, we may fail to perform on our contracts with our customers unless we are able to obtain comparable products or services in a timely and cost-effective manner. Further, the performance of fabrication services on the products we sell may increase our exposure to product defect liabilities for which we have no recovery of losses through vendor indemnification. If we are unable to fabricate certain products, find suitable replacements for them or experience product defect liabilities it could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. 
 We are subject to certain safety and labor risks associated with the distribution and fabrication of our products. 
 As of January 29, 2023, we employed approximately 4,500 associates in total, a significant percentage of whom work at our branch locations. Our business involves transporting industrial water, wastewater, storm drainage and fire protection products and operating heavy machinery such as forklifts and tractor trailers, and there is a risk that an accident or death could occur in one of our facilities. We operate a large fleet of trucks and other vehicles and therefore face the risk of traffic accidents. The outcome of any personal injury, wrongful death or other litigation is difficult to assess or quantify and the cost to defend litigation can be significant. Although we currently maintain insurance, including, but not limited to, workers compensation, automobile and general liability, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain such insurance on acceptable terms in the future, if at all, or that any such insurance will provide adequate protection against potential liabilities. As a result, the costs to defend any action or the potential liability resulting from any such accident or death or arising out of any other litigation, and any negative publicity associated therewith or negative effects on associate morale, could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. 
 We provide medical coverage to some of our associates through a self-insured preferred provider organization. Though we believe that we have adequate insurance coverage in excess of self-insured retention levels, our business or financial condition may be adversely affected if the number and severity of insurance claims increases. 
 20 

An impairment of goodwill, intangible assets or other long-lived assets could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations. 
 Acquisitions frequently result in the recording of goodwill and other intangible or long-lived assets. As of January 29, 2023, goodwill and amortizing intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization, represented 31 and 16 , respectively, of our total assets. Goodwill is not amortized and is subject to impairment testing at least annually using a fair value-based approach. Future events, such as declines in our cash flow projections or customer demand, may cause impairments of our goodwill or long-lived assets, including intangible assets, based on factors such as the price of our common stock, projected cash flows, assumptions used, control premiums or other variables. In addition, if we divest long-lived assets at prices below their asset value, we must write them down to fair value resulting in long-lived asset impairment charges, which could adversely affect our financial position or results of operations. We cannot accurately predict the amount and timing of any impairment of assets, and, in the future, we may be required to take additional goodwill or other asset impairment charges. Any such non-cash charges could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. 
 Interruptions in the proper functioning of our and our third-party service providers information technology IT systems or compromise of our or our customers confidential data, including from cybersecurity threats, could disrupt operations and cause unanticipated reputational harm, litigation and regulatory risk, as well as increases in costs or decreases in net sales, or both. 
 Because we use our information systems, including Smart Distributor, PowerScope, Online Advantage, Mobile Advantage and other platforms to, among other things, manage inventories and accounts receivable, make purchasing decisions, prepare project bids, assist our customers and improve our customers experience and monitor our results of operations, the proper functioning of our IT systems is critical to the successful operation of our business. Our IT systems, confidential data, as well as our remote processing capabilities and physical and software safeguards or those of our suppliers and customers, may be vulnerable to natural disasters, power losses, cyber attacks, theft, or unauthorized access (including through any intentional or malicious attacks, whether by a virus, malware or an outsider seeking to compromise our IT systems, or by a rogue associate), telecommunication failures and other problems. If critical IT systems fail, or are otherwise unavailable, our ability to process orders, track credit risk, identify business opportunities, maintain proper levels of inventories, collect accounts receivable and pay expenses and otherwise manage our business would be materially and adversely affected. 
 Information security and cyber risks have generally increased in recent years because of the proliferation of new technologies and the increased sophistication and activities of perpetrators of cyber-attacks. The cybersecurity landscape continues to evolve and presents novel risks and we may become increasingly vulnerable to such risks if we fail to assess and identify cybersecurity risks associated with our operations. A failure in or breach of our operational or information security systems, or those of our third-party service providers (or their downstream service providers), as a result of cyber-attacks or information security breaches has in the past, and could in the future, disrupt our business. For example, during fiscal 2020 a third-party payment processor with which we work experienced a ransomware attack that prevented them from processing check-based payments for us for a period of several weeks. In addition, a cyber-attack or information security breach could result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information, result in legal liability and regulatory action, damage our business relationships and reputation, result in or increase our litigation, remediation, forensic or other costs or cause losses. We may also incur significant administrative and technology costs in implementing and maintaining data security measures to prevent or limit the impact of such incidents. Damage to us or to our suppliers or customers resulting from such incidents could subject us to liability under U.S. state and federal and foreign laws that require us to implement certain data security protocols and to protect confidential personal data, which could result in increased costs, loss of revenues, settlement costs and/or substantial penalties that may either not be insured or not be fully covered through insurance. Cybersecurity and the continued development and enhancement of the controls and processes designed to protect our systems, computers, software, data and networks from attack, damage or unauthorized access are and will continue to be a priority for us. As cyber threats continue to evolve, we continually assess cyber risks, enhance our information security procedures and other safeguards, and implement updates to our IT systems. There can be no guarantee that a cyber incident will not occur and that our business or financial condition will not be materially and adversely affected by such an incident. 
 Our customer relationships are generally governed by purchase orders and job-specific customer agreements, as applicable, and not by long-term agreements, and, as a result, such customers have the right to change the terms under which they do business and/or terminate their relationship with us. 
 Our customer relationships are governed by purchase orders and job-specific customer agreements, as applicable, and not by long-term agreements. Consequently, despite the length of our relationships with our customers and our low historical customer turnover rates, there can be no assurance that our customer base will remain stable in the future. If our customers do not renew orders, our business or financial condition could be negatively affected. 
 21 

While a portion of our net sales are made to customers with whom we have contractual relationships, many of these contracts are requirements contracts under which we supply a percentage of a customer s requirements over a period of time, without any specific commitment by the customer to purchase a particular unit volume. As such, we are not guaranteed any minimum level of net sales under many of our contracts and many of our customers, including some of our largest customers, are under no obligation to continue to purchase products from us. 
 Moreover, if a customer s requirements for our products exceed our ability to supply that customer, as has occurred from time to time, we may have a short-term or long-term inability to supply that customer from our own branches and may be required to take other proactive steps in order to fill that customer s order, which may be at a higher cost to us. Our inability to supply a customer s specific requirements from our branches could materially and adversely affect our relationship with that customer or increase our operating costs. 
 Most of our net sales are made to customers that do not have contracts in place and are not contractually obligated to purchase products from us. Our repeat business with respect to these customers largely depends on these customers satisfaction with our products and our customer service. At any time these customers can stop purchasing our products from us and cease doing business with us. We cannot be sure that any particular customer will continue to do business with us for any period of time. 
 We are subject to risks associated with operating internationally. 
 We export and import certain of our products to different jurisdictions outside the U.S., and the shipment of goods across international borders is subject to extensive trade laws and regulations. The laws and regulations concerning export activity, recordkeeping and reporting, export control, interactions with government officials and economic sanctions are complex and constantly changing, and we cannot provide assurance that we will not incur material costs or liabilities in connection with these or other regulatory requirements. 
 In addition, we are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA and other laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials and political parties by business entities for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Our activities in any country in which we deal with governmental clients create the risk of unauthorized payments or offers of payments by one of our associates or contractors that could be in violation of various laws including the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws, even though these parties are not always subject to our control. If we were to fail to comply with the FCPA, other anti-corruption laws, applicable import-export control regulations, data privacy laws or other applicable rules and regulations, we could be subject to substantial civil and criminal penalties and the possible loss of export or import privileges, which could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. 
 Any deficiencies in our financial reporting or internal controls could adversely affect our business and the trading price of our Class A common stock. 
 As a public company, we are required to maintain internal control over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such internal controls. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and determine the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Beginning with this annual report we are required to provide a management report on internal control over financial reporting. In addition, we are required to include an attestation report on internal control over financial reporting issued by our independent registered public accounting firm. Our internal resources and personnel may in the future be insufficient to avoid accounting errors, and we and our auditors may identify deficiencies, significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal control environment in the future. 
 Any failure to develop or maintain effective controls or any difficulties encountered implementing required new or improved controls could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and may result in a restatement of our financial statements for prior periods. Any failure to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could also adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations and annual independent registered public accounting firm attestation reports regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Ineffective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial and other information, which would likely have a negative effect on the trading price of our Class A common stock. 
 22 

If we have a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, we may not detect errors on a timely basis and our financial statements may be materially misstated or could result in a restatement of our financial statements for prior periods. In addition, our internal control over financial reporting will not prevent or detect all errors and fraud. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud will be detected. Moreover, because we regularly consider and enter into strategic mergers and acquisitions, the integration of businesses may create complexity in our financial systems and internal controls and make them more difficult to manage. Such integration into our internal control system could cause us to fail to meet our financial reporting obligations. 
 If there are material weaknesses or failures in our ability to meet any of the requirements related to the maintenance and reporting of our internal controls, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which in turn could cause the price of our Class A common stock to decline. Moreover, effective internal controls are necessary to produce reliable financial reports and to prevent fraud. If we have deficiencies in our internal controls, it may negatively impact our business or financial condition and reputation. In addition, if we are unable to continue to meet these requirements, we may not be able to remain listed on the NYSE or could become subject to investigations by the NYSE, the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional management attention and which could adversely affect our business. 
 The impact of volatility and disruptions in the global credit and financial markets could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. 
 Failures of financial institutions and any related liquidity crisis may impact depositors access to their cash deposits at financial institutions and create disruption in capital and credit markets. For example, recent events surrounding Silicon Valley Bank, First Republic Bank and Signature Bank created temporary uncertainty on their customers cash deposits in excess of Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC limits prior to actions taken by governmental entities. We have no direct exposure to Silicon Valley Bank, First Republic Bank or Signature Bank. We maintain our cash deposits according to a banking policy that requires diversification across a variety of highly rated financial institutions. Our Senior ABL Credit Facility (as defined in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K) is also diversified across various financial institutions, with no individual bank making up more than 10 percent of our available credit line. However, there is no guarantee that other financial institutions won t experience similar liquidity issues or that actions taken by governmental entities to mitigate these risks will be sufficient to ensure access to our cash deposits and sources of liquidity. As a result, a failure of one or more financial institutions with which we do business could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. 
 A liquidity crisis may also result in additional disruption that is not immediately evident but which results in, for example, negative impact on the ability of our customers to pay amounts owed to us in a timely basis or at all, reductions in the liquidity of our vendors that impact product availability, and changes in interest rates and availability of credit that impact the nature and timing of customer projects. As such, a liquidity crisis could also have an indirect material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. 

23 

Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 Our indebtedness may adversely affect our financial health and our ability to raise additional capital or obtain financing in the future. 
 As of January 29, 2023, we had total consolidated indebtedness of 1,478 million and 198 million in outstanding lease commitments. In addition, as of January 29, 2023, after giving effect to 12 million of letters of credit issued under the Senior ABL Credit Facility, Core Main LP would have been able to borrow 1,238 million under the Senior ABL Credit Facility, subject to borrowing base availability. 
 Our indebtedness could have important consequences to you. Because of our indebtedness: 
 our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, pay dividends and make other distributions or to purchase, redeem or retire capital stock or for general corporate purposes and our ability to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness may be impaired in the future; 
 a portion of our cash flow from operations must be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the funds available to us for other purposes; 
 we are exposed to the risk of increased interest rates because a significant portion of our borrowings are at variable rates of interest; 
 it may be more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations to our creditors, resulting in possible defaults on, and acceleration of, such indebtedness; 
 we may be more vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 we may be at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors with proportionately less indebtedness or with comparable indebtedness on more favorable terms and, as a result, they may be better positioned to withstand economic downturns; 
 our ability to refinance indebtedness may be limited or the associated costs may increase; 
 our flexibility to adjust to changing market conditions and ability to withstand competitive pressures could be limited; 
 our ability to pay dividends and make other distributions or to purchase, redeem or retire capital stock may be limited; and 
 we may be prevented from carrying out capital spending and restructurings that are necessary or important to our growth strategy and efforts to improve our operating margins. 
 Despite our indebtedness levels, we and our subsidiaries may be able to incur substantially more indebtedness, which may increase the risks to our financial condition and results of operations created by our indebtedness. 
 We and our subsidiaries may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. The terms of the agreements governing our indebtedness provide our subsidiaries with the flexibility to incur a substantial amount of indebtedness in the future, which indebtedness may be secured or unsecured. If our subsidiaries are in compliance with certain incurrence ratios set forth in the agreements governing our indebtedness, our subsidiaries may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness, which may increase the risks created by our current indebtedness. In addition, after giving effect to 12 million of letters of credit issued under the Senior ABL Credit Facility, as of January 29, 2023, Core Main LP would have been able to borrow an additional 1,238 million under the Senior ABL Credit Facility, subject to borrowing base availability. See Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

24 

The agreements governing our indebtedness restrict our current and future operations and our ability, and the ability of our future subsidiaries, to engage in certain business and financial transactions, and, as a result, may adversely affect our business or financial condition. 
 The agreements governing our indebtedness contain a number of covenants that limit Core Main LP s ability and the ability of any of its future restricted subsidiaries to: 
 incur additional indebtedness or issue certain preferred shares; 
 pay dividends, redeem stock or make other distributions in respect of capital stock; 
 repurchase, prepay or redeem subordinated indebtedness; 
 make investments; 
 create restrictions on the ability of Core Main LP s restricted subsidiaries to pay dividends to Core Main LP or make other intercompany transfers; 
 incur additional liens; 
 transfer or sell assets; 
 make negative pledges; 
 consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of Core Main LP s assets; 
 change the nature of Core Main LP s business; 
 enter into certain transactions with Core Main LP s affiliates; and 
 designate subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries. 
 In addition, the Senior ABL Credit Facility (as defined in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K) requires Core Main LP to comply with a consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio under certain circumstances and contains other covenants customary for asset-based facilities of this nature. Core Main LP s ability to borrow additional amounts under the Senior ABL Credit Facility depends upon satisfaction of these covenants. Events beyond our control can affect our ability to meet these covenants. 
 Core Main LP is required to make mandatory prepayments under (a) the Senior ABL Credit Facility, if aggregate outstanding borrowings exceed the then applicable borrowing base or the then effective commitments under the Senior ABL Credit Facility, and (b) the Senior Term Loan Facility (as defined in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K), from excess cash flow, asset sale proceeds, insurance recovery proceeds and proceeds from certain debt incurrences, in each case subject to certain limitations and conditions set forth in the agreements governing such facilities. In addition, any future financing arrangements entered into by us may contain similar restrictions. As a result of these covenants and restrictions, we are limited in how we conduct our business, and we may be unable to raise additional debt or equity financing to compete effectively or to take advantage of new business opportunities. 
 Our failure to comply with our obligations under the agreements governing our indebtedness as described above, as well as others contained in any future debt instruments from time to time, may result in an event of default under the agreements governing our indebtedness. A default, if not cured or waived, may permit acceleration of our indebtedness. If our indebtedness is accelerated, we cannot be certain that we will have sufficient funds available to pay the accelerated indebtedness or that we will have the ability to refinance the accelerated indebtedness on terms favorable to us or at all. Being forced to refinance these borrowings on less favorable terms or not being able to refinance these borrowings could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. 
 The Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Holdings and the Tax Receivable Agreements limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness or refinance our existing indebtedness on favorable terms. 
 The Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Holdings (as amended, the Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Holdings restricts our ability to incur additional indebtedness or refinance our existing indebtedness in a manner that would materially and adversely affect Holdings ability to make tax distributions to holders of limited partner interests of Holdings Partnership Interests or distributions to us to fund payments under the Tax Receivable Agreements (as defined below under Risks Related to our Organizational Structure ). We may be unable to secure additional financing or refinance our existing indebtedness on favorable terms as a result of such restriction. 
 25 

In addition, each of the Tax Receivable Agreements requires that any debt document that refinances or replaces our existing indebtedness be no more restrictive on our ability to make payments under each Tax Receivable Agreement than our current indebtedness, unless CD R Waterworks Holdings, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, and the Former Limited Partners (as defined below) (collectively, the CD R Investors otherwise consent. At the time of any such refinancing or replacing our existing indebtedness, it may not be possible to include such terms in such debt documents, and a result, we may need the CD R Investors consent to complete such refinancing of our existing indebtedness. 
 An increase in interest rates would increase the cost of servicing our indebtedness and could reduce our profitability, increase cash outflows, decrease our liquidity or impact our solvency. 
 Our indebtedness under the Senior ABL Credit Facility and under the Senior Term Loan Facility bears interest at variable rates. As a result, increases in interest rates could increase the cost of servicing such indebtedness and materially reduce our profitability and cash flows. As of January 29, 2023, assuming all Senior ABL Credit Facility revolving loans were fully drawn, and excluding the impact of any interest rate hedging instruments, each one percentage point change in interest rates would have resulted in an approximately 27 million increase in annual interest expense on the Senior ABL Credit Facility and the Senior Term Loan Facility. The impact of such an increase would be more significant for us than it would be for some other companies because of the total amount of our indebtedness. 
 Furthermore, the transition to the term secured overnight financing rate Term SOFR as the benchmark rate for certain of our variable indebtedness may adversely affect our business or financial condition. On July 29, 2022 and February 26, 2023, respectively, we amended the terms of the Senior ABL Credit Facility and Senior Term Loan Facility, in order to, among other things, implement a forward-looking interest rate based on Term SOFR in lieu of the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR ). Additionally, in February 2023, we amended the terms of our interest rate swap to, among other things, receive payments based upon the one-month Term SOFR rate. Using Term SOFR as the basis on which interest on the Senior ABL Credit Facility, Senior Term Loan Facility and our interest rate swaps is calculated may result in interest rates and/or payments that do not directly correlate over time with the interest rates and/or payments that would have been made on our obligations if LIBOR was available in its current form. Although Term SOFR has been endorsed by the Alternative Reference Rate Committee as its preferred replacement for LIBOR, it remains uncertain whether or when Term SOFR or other alternative reference rates will be widely accepted by lenders as the replacement for LIBOR. This may, in turn, impact the liquidity of the Term SOFR loan market, and Term SOFR itself, with the risk of increased volatility, which could result in higher borrowing costs for us. Further, as the use of Term SOFR-based rates is relatively new, there could be unanticipated difficulties, disruptions or methodological or other changes with the calculation and publication of Term SOFR based rates, which in turn could trigger another benchmark transition or otherwise cause a reliance on an alternate base rate. This could also result in increased borrowing costs for us and thereby have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. 
 Changes in our credit ratings and outlook may reduce access to capital and increase borrowing costs. 
 Our credit ratings are based on a number of factors, including our financial strength and factors outside of our control, such as conditions affecting our industry generally or the introduction of new rating practices and methodologies. We cannot provide assurances that our current credit ratings will remain in effect or that the ratings will not be lowered, suspended or withdrawn entirely by the rating agencies. If rating agencies lower, suspend or withdraw the ratings, the market price or marketability of our securities may be adversely affected. Pressure on the ratings could also arise from higher shareholder payouts or larger acquisitions that result in increased leverage, or in a deterioration in the metrics used by the rating agencies to assess creditworthiness. In addition, any change in ratings could make it more difficult for us to raise capital on acceptable terms, impact the ability to obtain adequate financing and result in higher interest costs on future financings. 
 Our ability to generate the significant amount of cash needed to pay interest and principal on our indebtedness and our ability to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness or obtain additional financing depends on many factors beyond our control. 
 Our ability to make scheduled payments on, or to refinance our obligations under, our indebtedness depends on the financial and operating performance of our subsidiaries, which, in turn, depends on their results of operations, cash flows, cash requirements, financial position and general business conditions and any legal restrictions on the payment of distributions to which they may be subject, many of which may be beyond our control. 
 We may be unable to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal and interest on our indebtedness. If our cash flow and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets, seek to obtain additional equity capital or restructure our indebtedness. In the future, our cash flow and capital resources may not be sufficient for payments of interest on and principal of our indebtedness, and such alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. 
 26 

The Senior ABL Credit Facility matures on July 27, 2026, and the outstanding borrowings under the Senior Term Loan Facility mature on July 27, 2028. We may be unable to refinance any of our indebtedness prior to maturity, as a result of prepayment penalties or otherwise, or obtain additional financing, particularly because of our indebtedness. In addition, market disruptions, such as those experienced in 2008 and 2009 and more recently in 2022, as well as our indebtedness levels, may increase our cost of borrowing or adversely affect our ability to refinance our obligations as they become due. We may be unable to refinance our indebtedness, at maturity or otherwise, on terms acceptable to us or at all. If we are unable to refinance our indebtedness or access additional credit, or if short-term or long-term borrowing costs dramatically increase, our ability to finance current operations and meet our short-term and long-term obligations could be adversely affected. 
 If Core Main LP cannot make scheduled payments on its indebtedness under the Senior ABL Credit Facility and/or the Senior Term Loan Facility, it will be in default and the lenders under the Senior ABL Credit Facility and/or the Senior Term Loan Facility could terminate their commitments to loan money or foreclose against the assets securing the borrowings, and Core Main LP could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. Any of these actions could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. 
 Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure 
 Our principal asset is our direct and indirect ownership interest in Holdings, and, accordingly, we depend on distributions from Holdings and its subsidiaries to pay our taxes and other expenses, including payments under each of the Tax Receivable Agreements. Our subsidiaries ability to make such distributions may be subject to various limitations and restrictions. 
 We are a holding company and our primary asset is our direct and indirect ownership of Holdings. Holdings itself has no operations and no material assets of its own other than its indirect ownership interest in Core Main Midco, LLC, which is a holding company with no operations and no material assets of its own other than its ownership interest in Core Main LP and Core Main Intermediate GP, LLC, the general partner of Core Main LP . As such, we have no independent means of generating revenue or cash flow, and our ability to pay our taxes and operating expenses or declare and pay dividends in the future, if any, will be dependent upon the financial results and cash flows of our current and future subsidiaries, including Core Main LP . There can be no assurance that our subsidiaries will generate sufficient cash flow to distribute funds to us or that applicable state law and contractual restrictions, including covenants in the agreements that govern Core Main LP s indebtedness, will permit such distributions. 
 Holdings is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and, as such, generally is not subject to any entity-level U.S. federal income tax. Instead, taxable income of Holdings, if any, will be allocated to holders of Partnership Interests, including us. Accordingly, we will generally incur U.S. federal income taxes on our allocable share of any net taxable income of Holdings. In addition, our allocable share of Holdings net taxable income will increase over time as the Continuing Limited Partners continue to exchange their Partnership Interests for shares of our Class A common stock. Such increase in our taxable income may increase our tax expenses and may have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. 
 In connection with the Reorganization Transactions and the IPO, we entered into a tax receivable agreement with the Former Limited Partners (the Former Limited Partners Tax Receivable Agreement and a tax receivable agreement with the Continuing Limited Partners (the Continuing Limited Partners Tax Receivable Agreement (collectively, the Tax Receivable Agreements ). Under the terms of the Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement, Holdings is obligated to make tax distributions to holders of Partnership Interests, including us, to the extent that other distributions made by Holdings are otherwise insufficient to pay the tax liabilities of holders of Partnership Interests. In addition to tax expenses, we also incur expenses related to our operations, including payments under the Tax Receivable Agreements. Because tax distributions are based on an assumed tax rate, Holdings may be required to make tax distributions that, in the aggregate, could be significant. We intend, as its general partner, to cause Holdings to make cash distributions to the owners of Partnership Interests, including us, in an amount sufficient to (i) fund all or part of their tax obligations in respect of taxable income allocated to them and (ii) cover our operating expenses, including payments made under the Tax Receivable Agreements. However, Holdings ability to make such distributions may be subject to various limitations and restrictions, such as restrictions on distributions that would either violate any contract or agreement to which Holdings is then a party, including debt agreements, or any applicable law, or that would have the effect of rendering Holdings insolvent. If we do not have sufficient funds to pay taxes or other expenses or to fund our operations, we may have to borrow funds, which could materially adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition and subject us to various restrictions imposed by any such lenders. To the extent that we are unable to make payments under any Tax Receivable Agreement for any reason, such payments generally will be deferred and will accrue interest until paid; provided, however, that nonpayment for a specified period may constitute a material breach of a material obligation under such Tax Receivable Agreement and therefore accelerate payments due under such Tax Receivable Agreement. In addition, if Holdings does not have sufficient funds to make distributions, our ability to declare and pay cash dividends on our Class A common stock will also be restricted or impaired. See Risks Related to Our Class A Common Stock . 
 27 

Our organizational structure, including the Tax Receivable Agreements, confers certain benefits upon the Continuing Limited Partners and certain Former Limited Partners that will not benefit Class A common stockholders to the same extent as it will benefit Continuing Limited Partners or such Former Limited Partners. 
 Our organizational structure, including the Tax Receivable Agreements, confers certain benefits upon Continuing Limited Partners and certain Former Limited Partners that will not benefit the holders of our Class A common stock to the same extent as it will benefit Continuing Limited Partners or such Former Limited Partners. As described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Continuing Limited Partners and Former Limited Partners exchanges of Partnership Interests may generate tax attributes for the Company for which we must pay 85 of the realized, or deemed to be realized, benefits to the exchanging party under the respective Tax Receivable Agreement. Although we will retain 15 of the amount of such tax benefits, this and other aspects of our organizational structure may adversely impact the trading market for the Class A common stock. In addition, our organizational structure, including the Tax Receivable Agreements, imposes additional compliance costs and requires a significant commitment of resources that would not be required of a company with a simpler organizational structure. 
 The Tax Receivable Agreements require us to make cash payments to the Continuing Limited Partners and certain Former Limited Partners in respect of certain tax benefits to which we may become entitled, and we expect that the payments we will be required to make will be substantial. 
 As described in greater detail in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, under the Tax Receivable Agreements, we are required to make cash payments to the Continuing Limited Partners or their permitted transferees and to certain Former Limited Partners or their permitted transferees. The amount of the cash payments that we will be required to make under the Tax Receivable Agreements is expected to be substantial. Any payments made by us under the Tax Receivable Agreements will generally reduce the amount of overall cash flow that might have otherwise been available to us. Furthermore, our future obligation to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreements could make us a less attractive target for an acquisition, particularly in the case of an acquirer that cannot use some or all of the tax benefits that are the subject of the Tax Receivable Agreements. Payments under the Tax Receivable Agreements are not conditioned on any holder s continued ownership of Partnership Interests or our common stock. As of January 29, 2023, the Company had recorded a 185 million payable to related parties pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreements. 
 In addition, if the Continuing Limited Partners exchanged their remaining Partnership Interests on January 29, 2023, utilizing assumptions described in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we would recognize a deferred tax asset (subject to offset with existing deferred tax liabilities) of approximately 511 million and a Continuing Limited Partners Tax Receivable Agreement liability of approximately 434 million, payable to the Continuing Limited Partners over the life of the Continuing Limited Partners Tax Receivable Agreement. The full exchange by the Continuing Limited Partners will also decrease our aforementioned deferred tax asset associated with our investment in Holdings by 145 million. These amounts are estimates only and are subject to change. The actual amount and timing of any payments under the Tax Receivable Agreements will vary depending upon a number of factors, including the timing of exchanges by the holders of Partnership Interests, the amount of gain recognized by such holders of Partnership Interests, the amount and timing of the taxable income we generate in the future and the federal tax rates then applicable. 
 In certain cases, payments under the Tax Receivable Agreements to Continuing Limited Partners or Former Limited Partners may be accelerated or significantly exceed the actual benefits we realize in respect of the tax attributes subject to the Tax Receivable Agreements. 
 Each Tax Receivable Agreement provides that upon certain mergers, asset sales, other forms of business combinations or other changes of control, nonpayment for a specified period which constitutes a material breach of a material obligation under such Tax Receivable Agreement, or if, at any time, we elect an early termination of such Tax Receivable Agreement, then our obligations, or our successor s obligations, under such Tax Receivable Agreement to make payments thereunder would be based on certain assumptions, including an assumption that we would have sufficient taxable income to fully utilize all potential future tax benefits that are subject to such Tax Receivable Agreement. 

28 

As a result of the foregoing, (i) we could be required to make payments under such Tax Receivable Agreement that are greater than the specified percentage of the actual benefits we ultimately realize in respect of the tax benefits that are subject to such Tax Receivable Agreement and (ii) if we elect to terminate such Tax Receivable Agreement early, we would be required to make an immediate cash payment equal to the specified percentage of the present value of the anticipated future tax benefits that are the subject of such Tax Receivable Agreement, which payment may be made significantly in advance of the actual realization, if any, of such future tax benefits. Based upon certain assumptions, described in greater detail in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we estimate that if we exercised our termination right as of January 29, 2023, the amount of the termination payment pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreements recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets for the exchange of Partnership Interests would be approximately 123 million and the amount of the termination payment to Continuing Limited Partners holding the remaining exchangeable Partnership Interests would be approximately 262 million. The foregoing numbers are estimates and the actual payments could differ materially based on, among other things, the timing of an early termination election, the discount rate applicable at the time of the early termination election and material changes in relevant tax law. In these situations, our payments under such Tax Receivable Agreement could have a substantial negative impact on our liquidity and could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing certain mergers, asset sales, other forms of business combinations or other changes of control. There can be no assurance that we will be able to fund or finance our payments under the Tax Receivable Agreements. 
 We will not be reimbursed for any payments made under the Tax Receivable Agreements in the event that any tax benefits are disallowed. 
 Our acquisitions of Partnership Interests in connection with the Exchange Agreement are expected to result in increases in our allocable tax basis in the assets of Holdings that otherwise would not have been available to us. These increases in tax basis are expected to reduce the amount of cash tax that we would otherwise have to pay in the future due to increases in depreciation and amortization deductions (for tax purposes). These increases in tax basis may also decrease gain (or increase loss) on future dispositions of certain assets of Holdings to the extent the increased tax basis is allocated to those assets. The Internal Revenue Service (the IRS may challenge all or part of these tax basis increases, and a court could sustain such a challenge. 
 Payments under the Tax Receivable Agreements will be based on the tax reporting positions that we determine, and the IRS or another taxing authority may challenge all or part of the tax basis increases, as well as other related tax positions we take, and a court could sustain such challenge. While the actual increase in tax basis, as well as the actual amount and timing of any payments under the Tax Receivable Agreements, will vary depending upon a number of factors, including the timing of exchanges, the price of shares of our Class A common stock at the time of the exchange, the extent to which such exchanges are taxable, future tax rates, and the amount and timing of our income, we expect that, as a result of the size of the increases in the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of Holdings attributable to our interests in Holdings, during the expected term of the Tax Receivable Agreements, the payments that we may make to the Continuing Limited Partners could be substantial. 
 The payment obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreements are our obligation and not an obligation of Holdings. In the event any tax benefits initially claimed by us and for which payment has been made are successfully challenged, such prior payments under the applicable Tax Receivable Agreements will not be reimbursed but any such detriment will generally be taken into account as a reduction in future payments due under the applicable Tax Receivable Agreement. However, we might not determine that we have effectively made an excess cash payment for a number of years following the initial time of such payment and, if any of our tax reporting positions are challenged by a taxing authority, we will not be permitted to reduce any future cash payments under such Tax Receivable Agreement until any such challenge is finally settled or determined. As a result, payments could be made under such Tax Receivable Agreement in excess of the tax savings that we realize in respect of the tax attributes that are the subject of such Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 If we were deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ), as a result of our ownership of Holdings, applicable restrictions could make it impractical for us to continue our business as currently contemplated and could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. 
 Under Sections 3(a)(1)(A) and (C) of the 1940 Act, a company generally will be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the 1940 Act if (i) it is, or holds itself out as being, engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities or (ii) it engages, or proposes to engage, in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading in securities and it owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40 of the value of its total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. We do not believe that we are an investment company, as such term is defined in either of those sections of the 1940 Act. 

29 

As the general partner of Holdings, we control and operate Holdings. On that basis, we believe that our interest in Holdings is neither an investment security as that term is used in the 1940 Act nor a security based on the test under applicable case law. However, if we were to cease participation in the management of Holdings, our interest in Holdings could be deemed an investment security for purposes of the 1940 Act. 
 We and Holdings intend to conduct our operations so that we will not be deemed an investment company. However, if we were to be deemed an investment company, restrictions imposed by the 1940 Act, including limitations on our capital structure and our ability to transact with affiliates, could make it impractical for us to continue our business as contemplated and could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. 
 Risks Related to Our Class A Common Stock 
 The market price of our Class A common stock may be volatile and could decline. 
 Volatility in the market price of our Class A common stock may prevent you from being able to sell your shares at or above the price you paid for your shares. The market price of our Class A common stock may fluctuate significantly. Among the factors that could affect our stock price are: 
 industry, regulatory or general market conditions; 
 domestic and international economic factors unrelated to our performance; 
 new regulatory pronouncements and changes in regulatory guidelines; 
 lawsuits, enforcement actions and other claims by third parties or governmental authorities; 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly operating results; 
 lack of research coverage and reports by industry analysts or changes in any securities analysts estimates of our financial performance; 
 action by institutional stockholders or other large stockholders, including future sales of our Class A common stock; 
 failure to meet any guidance given by us or any change in any guidance given by us, or changes by us in our guidance practices; 
 announcements by us of significant impairment charges; 
 speculation in the press or investment community; 
 investor perception of us or our industry; 
 changes in market valuations or earnings of similar companies; 
 the impact of short selling or the impact of a potential short squeeze resulting from a sudden increase in demand for our Class A common stock; 
 announcements by us or our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, dispositions or strategic partnerships; 
 war, terrorist acts, epidemic disease or pandemic disease; 
 any future sales of our Class A common stock or other securities; 
 additions or departures of key personnel; and 
 misconduct or other improper actions of our associates . 
 Stock markets have experienced extreme volatility in recent years that has been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our Class A common stock. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, class action litigation has often been instituted against the affected company. Any litigation of this type brought against us could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management s attention and resources, which could materially and adversely affect our business or financial condition. 
 An active, liquid trading market for our common stock may not be sustained. 
 Although our Class A common stock is currently listed on the NYSE under the symbol CNM, an active trading market for our shares may not be sustained. Accordingly, if an active trading market for our Class A common stock is not maintained, the liquidity of our Class A common stock, your ability to sell your shares of our Class A common stock when desired and the prices that you may obtain for your shares of Class A common stock will be adversely affected. 
 30 

Future sales of shares by us or our existing stockholders could cause our stock price to decline. 
 Sales of substantial amounts of our Class A common stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales could occur, could cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline. These sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. 
 As of January 29, 2023, we had a total of 172,765,161 shares of Class A common stock outstanding and 73,229,675 additional shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exchange of Partnership Interests (with automatic retirement of an equal number of shares of Class B common stock). Of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock, all of the Class A common stock shares sold in our IPO and Secondary Offerings are immediately tradable without restriction under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), except for any shares held by affiliates, as that term is defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act Rule 144 ). As of January 29, 2023, 100,526,523 shares of our Class A common stock were restricted securities within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act, but were eligible for resale subject to applicable volume, means of sale, holding period and other limitations of Rule 144 under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from registration under Rule 701 under the Securities Act, or Rule 701, subject to any lock-up agreements. 
 Additionally, pursuant to the terms of the Exchange Agreement and subject to certain restrictions set forth therein and as described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Continuing Limited Partners have the right to exchange their Partnership Interests, together with the retirement of a corresponding number of shares of our Class B common stock, for shares of our Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis or, at the election of a majority of the disinterested members of our board of directors, for cash from a substantially concurrent public offering or private sale (based on the price of our Class A common stock sold in such public offering or private sale), net of any underwriting discounts and commissions, for each Partnership Interest exchanged, subject to customary conversion rate adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends, reclassifications and other similar transactions. The Exchange Agreement also provides that in connection with any such exchange, to the extent that Holdings has, since consummation of the Reorganization Transactions and our IPO, made distributions to the applicable Continuing Limited Partner that are proportionately lesser or greater than the distributions made to us, on a pro rata basis, the number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued or cash to be paid to such Continuing Limited Partner will be adjusted to take into account the amount of such discrepancy that is allocable to the Partnership Interests, and Class B common stock, subject to such exchange. We expect to cause Holdings to make overall distributions to its partners in such a manner as generally to limit increases to the number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued or cash to be paid to exchanging Continuing Limited Partners in connection with the adjustment described in the preceding sentence. The amount of future partner distributions and the number of shares issuable pursuant to such provision of the Exchange Agreement will fluctuate based on a number of factors, including our financial performance, the actual tax rates applied to the applicable Continuing Limited Partners (or their permitted transferees), any changes in tax rates or tax laws and future share prices for our Class A common stock. Unless our board of directors elects to settle these obligations in cash pursuant to the terms of the Exchange Agreement, we expect that these arrangements will result in a substantial number of additional shares of Class A common stock being issued to the Continuing Limited Partners. 
 On July 23, 2021, we also filed a registration statement on Form S-8 under the Securities Act to register the shares of Class A common stock to be issued under our equity compensation plans. As a result, all shares of Class A common stock acquired upon exercise of stock options and other securities convertible or exchangeable into shares of Class A common stock granted under our equity compensation plans will be freely tradable under the Securities Act, subject to the terms of the lock-up agreements, unless purchased by our affiliates. Furthermore, as of January 29, 2023 , there were (i) common units of Core Main Management Feeder, LLC Management Feeder , which correspond to an equivalent number of Partnership Interests in Holdings that may be exchanged for 12,196,099 shares of Class A common stock in the aggregate, which will be issuable upon exchange of such Partnership Interests (together with the retirement of a corresponding number of shares of Class B common stock held by Management Feeder), (ii) unvested common units of Management Feeder, that are subject to certain time-vesting provisions, which correspond to an equivalent number of Partnership Interests in Holdings that may be exchanged for 758,202 shares of Class A common stock in the aggregate, which will be issuable upon exchange of such Partnership Interests (together with the retirement of a corresponding number of shares of Class B common stock held by Management Feeder) and (iii) stock appreciation rights of Holdings, denominated in Class A common stock, pursuant to which 556,039 shares of Class A common stock will be issuable, at a weighted average base price of 4.65 per share, of which stock appreciation rights representing 376,496 shares of Class A common stock are vested and exercisable as of January 29, 2023 . 

31 

The CD R Investors control us and may have conflicts of interest with other stockholders. 
 As of January 29, 2023, the CD R Investors beneficially owned shares of our common stock representing approximately 65.4 of the combined voting power of our common stock through its ownership of Class A common stock and Class B common stock. As a result, the CD R Investors have sufficient voting power without the consent of our other stockholders to be able to control all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions, which could reduce the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 Because the CD R Investors interests may differ from your interests, actions the CD R Investors take as our controlling stockholders may not be favorable to you. For example, the concentration of voting power held by the CD R Investors could delay, defer or prevent a change of control of us, impede a merger, takeover or other business combination that another stockholder may otherwise view favorably or cause us to enter into transactions or agreements that are not in the best interests of all stockholders. Other potential conflicts could arise, for example, over matters such as associate retention or recruiting, or our dividend policy. 
 Furthermore, as long as the CD R Investors continue to beneficially own shares of our common stock representing at least 50 of the total voting power of the outstanding shares of our common stock, the CD R Investors will be able to determine the outcome of corporate actions requiring stockholder approval, including the election of the members of our board of directors and the approval of significant corporate transactions, such as mergers and the sale of substantially all of our assets. Even if the CD R Investors cease to beneficially own shares of our common stock representing at least 50 of the total voting power of the outstanding shares of our common stock, they will likely still be able to assert significant influence over our board of directors and certain corporate actions. The CD R Investors have the right to designate for nomination for election to our board of directors at least a majority of our directors and to designate the Chair of our board of directors as long as the CD R Investors (together with their affiliates) collectively beneficially own shares of our common stock and our other equity securities representing at least 50 and 25 , respectively, of the total voting power of the outstanding shares of our common stock and our other equity securities. 
 Under our Certificate of Incorporation, the CD R Investors and their affiliates and, in some circumstances, any of our directors and officers who is also a director, officer, employee, member or partner of the CD R Investors and their affiliates, have no obligation to offer us corporate opportunities. 
 The policies relating to corporate opportunities and transactions with the CD R Investors set forth in our Certificate of Incorporation address potential conflicts of interest between Core Main, on the one hand, and the CD R Investors and their respective officers, directors, employees, members or partners who are directors or officers of our company, on the other hand. In accordance with those policies, the CD R Investors may pursue corporate opportunities, including acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business, without offering those opportunities to us. By becoming a stockholder in Core Main, you will be deemed to have notice of and have consented to these provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation. Although these provisions are designed to resolve conflicts between us and the CD R Investors and their affiliates fairly, conflicts may not be resolved in our favor or be resolved at all. 
 Future offerings of debt, Class A common stock, equity securities which would rank senior to our Class A common stock or other securities convertible or exchangeable into common or preferred stock, in connection with a financing, strategic investment, litigation settlement or employee arrangement or otherwise, may result in dilution to owners of our Class A common stock and/or may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 If, in the future, we decide to issue debt or equity securities that rank senior to our Class A common stock, it is likely that such securities will be governed by an indenture or other instrument containing covenants restricting our operating flexibility. Issuing additional shares of our Class A common stock or other equity securities or securities convertible into equity may dilute the economic and voting rights of our stockholders or reduce the market price of our Class A common stock. Additionally, any convertible or exchangeable securities that we issue in the future may have rights, preferences and privileges more favorable than those of our Class A common stock and may result in dilution to owners of our Class A common stock. Debt securities convertible into equity could be subject to adjustments in the conversion ratio pursuant to which certain events may increase the number of equity securities issuable upon conversion. Preferred stock, if issued, could have a preference with respect to liquidating distributions or a preference with respect to dividend payments that could limit our ability to pay dividends to the holders of our Class A common stock. We and, indirectly, our stockholders, will bear the cost of issuing and servicing such securities. Because our decision to issue debt or equity securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors outside our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings. Thus, holders of our Class A common stock will bear the risk of our future offerings, reducing the market price of our Class A common stock or diluting the value of their stock holdings in us. 
 
 32 

In addition, in the future, we may issue additional shares of Class A common stock or other equity or debt securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of our Class A common stock in connection with a financing, strategic investment, litigation settlement or employee arrangement or otherwise. Any of these issuances could result in substantial dilution to our existing stockholders and could cause the trading price of our Class A common stock to decline. 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws could discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of our company and may affect the trading price of our Class A common stock. 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws include a number of provisions that may discourage, delay or prevent a change in our management or control over us even if our stockholders might consider such changes to be favorable. For example, our Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws collectively: 
 authorize the issuance of blank check preferred stock that could be issued by our board of directors to thwart a takeover attempt; 
 provide for a classified board of directors, which divides our board of directors into three classes, with members of each class serving staggered three-year terms, which prevents stockholders from electing an entirely new board of directors at an annual meeting; 
 limit the ability of stockholders to remove directors if the CD R Investors (together with their affiliates) cease to beneficially own shares of our common stock representing at least 40 of the total voting power of the outstanding shares of our common stock; 
 provide that vacancies on our board of directors, including vacancies resulting from an enlargement of our board of directors, may be filled only by a majority vote of directors then in office; 
 prohibit stockholders from calling special meetings of stockholders if the CD R Investors (together with their affiliates) cease to beneficially own shares of our common stock representing at least 40 of the total voting power of the outstanding shares of our common stock; 
 prohibit stockholder action by consent in writing or electronic transmission, thereby requiring all actions to be taken at a meeting of the stockholders, if the CD R Investors (together with their affiliates) cease to beneficially own shares of our common stock representing at least 40 of the total voting power of the outstanding shares of our common stock; 
 opt out of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ), which prohibits a publicly-held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years following the time the person became an interested stockholder, or any successor provision to Section 203, until Section 203 by its terms would, but for the applicable provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation, apply to us and the CD R Investors (together with their affiliates) cease to beneficially own shares of our common stock representing at least 5 of the total voting power of the outstanding shares of our common stock; 
 establish advance notice requirements for nominations of candidates for election as directors or to bring other business before an annual meeting of our stockholders; and 
 require the approval of holders of at least 66 2/3 of the voting power of the outstanding shares of our common stock then entitled to vote thereon to amend our By-laws and certain provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation if the CD R Investors (together with their affiliates) cease to beneficially own shares of our common stock representing at least 40 of the total voting power of the outstanding shares of our common stock. 
 These provisions may prevent our stockholders from receiving the benefit from any premium to the market price of our Class A common stock offered by a bidder in a takeover context or from changing our management and board of directors. Even in the absence of a takeover attempt, the existence of these provisions may adversely affect the prevailing market price of our Class A common stock if the provisions are viewed as discouraging takeover attempts in the future. 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws may also make it difficult for stockholders to replace or remove our management. Furthermore, the existence of the foregoing provisions, as well as the significant amount of the total voting power that the CD R Investors have, could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our Class A common stock. These provisions may facilitate management entrenchment that may delay, deter, render more difficult or prevent a change in our control, which may not be in the best interests of our stockholders. 
 33 

We could be the subject of securities class action litigation due to future stock price volatility, which could divert management s attention and materially and adversely affect our business or financial condition. 
 The stock market in general, and market prices for the securities of companies like ours in particular, have from time to time experienced volatility that often has been unrelated to the operating performance of the underlying companies. A certain degree of stock price volatility can be attributed to being a newly public company. These broad market and industry fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock, regardless of our operating performance. In certain situations in which the market price of a stock has been volatile, holders of that stock have instituted securities class action litigation against the company that issued the stock. We may be a target of this type of litigation in the future. The defense and disposition of litigation of this type could result in substantial costs and divert resources and the time and attention of our management, which could materially and adversely affect our business or financial condition. 
 We currently do not have an approved plan to pay dividends on our Class A common stock and, consequently, your ability to achieve a return on your investment depends on appreciation in the price of our Class A common stock. 
 While we may in the future consider approving a plan to pay dividends on our Class A common stock, we currently intend to use our future earnings, if any, to repay debt, to fund our growth, to develop our business, for working capital needs and for general corporate purposes. Therefore, there is no certainty as to the timing, frequency or magnitude of any dividends that we may pay on our Class A common stock, and the success of an investment in shares of our common stock depends upon any future appreciation in their value. There is no guarantee that shares of our Class A common stock will appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which our stockholders have purchased their shares. Payments of dividends, if any, are at the sole discretion of our board of directors after taking into account various factors, including general and economic conditions, our financial condition and operating results, our available cash and current and anticipated cash needs, capital requirements, contractual, legal and tax restrictions and implications of the payment of dividends by us to our stockholders or by our subsidiaries to us, and such other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant. In addition, our operations are conducted almost entirely through our subsidiaries. As such, to the extent that we determine in the future to pay dividends on our Class A common stock, none of our subsidiaries will be obligated to make funds available to us for the payment of dividends. Further, the agreements governing our subsidiaries debt agreements significantly restrict the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or otherwise transfer assets to us, and we may enter into other debt agreements or borrowing arrangements in the future that restrict or limit our ability to pay cash dividends on our Class A common stock. In addition, Delaware law imposes additional requirements that may restrict our ability to pay dividends to holders of our Class A common stock. 
 We are a controlled company within the meaning of the NYSE listing standards and, as a result, currently rely on exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. You will not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to such requirements. 
 The CD R Investors control a majority of the voting power of our outstanding common stock. Accordingly, we expect to continue to be a controlled company within the meaning of corporate governance standards. Under the NYSE rules, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance standards, including: 
 the requirement that our Nominating and Governance Committee be composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and 
 the requirement that we have a Compensation Committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities. 
 We currently intend to continue to utilize the exemptions from the requirements that each of the Nominating and Governance Committee and Compensation Committee be composed entirely of independent directors. As a result, each of our Nominating and Governance Committee and Compensation Committee do not consist entirely of independent directors. Consequently, you will not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the NYSE corporate governance rules and requirements. Our status as a controlled company could make our Class A common stock less attractive to some investors or otherwise harm our stock price. 
 34 

At such time as the CD R Investors no longer control a majority of the voting power of our outstanding common stock, we will no longer be a controlled company within the meaning of the NYSE corporate governance standards. The NYSE rules require that we have at least one independent director on each of the Compensation and Nominating and Governance Committees on the date we no longer qualify as a controlled company, have at least a majority of independent directors on each of the Compensation and Nominating and Governance Committees within 90 days of such date and that the Compensation and Nominating and Governance Committees be composed entirely of independent directors within one year of such date. During this transition period, we may continue to utilize the exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements as permitted by the NYSE rules. Accordingly, during the transition period, you will not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the corporate governance requirements of the NYSE. Furthermore, a change in our board of directors and committee membership may result in a change in corporate strategy and operation philosophies, and may result in deviations from our current strategy. 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain litigation that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or stockholders. 
 Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction thereof, the federal district court of the State of Delaware) will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action, suit or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed to us or our stockholders by any of our directors, officers, other employees, agents or stockholders, (iii) any action, suit or proceeding asserting a claim arising out of or pursuant to or seeking to enforce any right, obligation or remedy under any provision of our Certificate of Incorporation or our By-laws (as either may be amended or restated) or the DGCL, or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or (iv) any action or proceeding asserting a claim that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in each case subject to such Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants. It is possible that a court could find that the exclusive forum provisions described above are inapplicable for a particular claim or action or that such provision is unenforceable, and our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. As permitted by Delaware law, our Certificate of Incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the election of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations thereunder. To the fullest extent permitted by law, by becoming a stockholder in our company, you will be deemed to have notice of and have consented to the provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation related to choice of forum. The choice of forum provision in our Certificate of Incorporation may limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, other employees, agents or stockholders, which could discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. Additionally, a court could determine that the exclusive forum provision is unenforceable, and our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. If a court were to find these provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business or financial condition. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 We own our headquarters, located in St. Louis, Missouri, which we use for our principal corporate activities. In addition to our headquarters, as of January 29, 2023, we leased 282 properties and owned 35 properties. Our facilities typically include a small office space, an in-store counter and/or merchandising display area, inside warehouse space and a yard for outside s torage. In addition, we have 12 distribution fac ilities strategically located around the U.S. to maximize efficiency of product distribution. We enter into leases with terms typically ranging from two to five years that include renewal options. We believe that these facilities are well-maintained and adequate to support the current needs of our business. 
 35 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 We are not currently party to any material legal proceedings. Nevertheless, we are from time to time involved in litigation incidental to the ordinary conduct of our business, including personal injury, workers compensation and business operations. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. See Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Like other companies in our industry, we have been subject to personal injury and property damage claims arising from the types of products that we distribute. As a distributor in this industry, we face an inherent risk of exposure to product liability claims in the event that the use of the products we have distributed in the past or may in the future distribute is alleged to have resulted in economic loss, personal injury or property damage or violated environmental, health or safety or other laws. Such product liability claims in the past have included, and may in the future include, allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability or a breach of warranties. In particular, we have been and continue to be a defendant in asbestos-related litigation matters. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business The nature of our business exposes us to product liability, construction defect and warranty claims and other litigation and legal proceedings. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information for Our Class A Common Stock 
 Core Main, Inc. Class A common stock is quoted on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol CNM. There is no established trading market for our Class B common stock. 
 Holders of Record 
 As of January 29, 2023, there were six holders of record of our Class A common stock. We believe there are a significantly larger number of beneficial owners of our common stock because many shares are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of stockholders. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We do not currently have an approved plan to pay dividends on our Class A common stock. Any future determination to pay dividends on our Class A common stock will be subject to the discretion of our board of directors and depend upon various factors, including our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity requirements, capital requirements, level of indebtedness, contractual restrictions with respect to payment of dividends, restrictions imposed by applicable law, general business conditions and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. Investors should not purchase our Class A common stock with the expectation of receiving cash dividends. The payment of any dividend on our Class A common stock would require a distribution from Holdings. Any distributions made by Holdings to fund dividends will be made on a pro rata basis to all limited partners of Holdings, including Core Main, in accordance with the terms of the Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Holdings. 
 Our Class B common stock is not entitled to receive dividends, or to receive a distribution upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up. 
 36 

Performance Graph 
 The following graph and table compare the total shareholder return from July 23, 2021, the date on which our Class A common stock commenced trading on the New York Stock Exchange, through January 29, 2023 of (i) our Class A common stock, (ii) the Standard and Poor's 500 Stock Index, or S P 500 Index, (iii) the Russell 2000 Index and (iv) the S P MidCap 400 Industrials Index. The stock performance graph and table assume an initial investment of 100 on July 23, 2021. 
 The performance graph and table are not intended to be indicative of future performance. The performance graph and table shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any of the Company s filings under the Securities Act. 

Indexed Returns Quarters Ended Company/Index July 23, 2021 August 1, 2021 October 31, 2021 January 30, 2022 May 1, 2022 July 31, 2022 October 30, 2022 January 29, 2023 Core Main (1) 
 100.00 111.81 115.44 98.95 100.25 101.86 99.41 91.43 S P 500 Index 100.00 99.63 104.39 100.45 93.66 93.62 88.42 92.27 Russell 2000 Index 100.00 100.75 103.96 89.07 84.36 85.32 83.58 86.51 S P MidCap 400 Industrials Index 100.00 101.33 105.17 96.77 91.52 95.11 93.99 102.27 
 (1) For the July 23, 2021 initial investment in Core Main, we utilized the closing market price of 23.70. 
 37 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following is a summary of our repurchases of shares of Class A common stock during the fiscal quarter ended January 29, 2023: 
 Period Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share (or Unit) Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) or Shares (or Units) that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs October 31, 2022 - November 30, 2022 366 23.00 N/A N/A December 1, 2022 -December 31, 2022 N/A N/A January 1, 2023 - January 29, 2023 3,793 21.42 N/A N/A 4,159 21.56 
 (1) The repurchases of Class A common stock during fiscal 2022 were pursuant to employee tax withholding obligations and strike price settlement upon exercise of unit appreciation rights and vesting of restricted stock units pursuant to terms of the Company s 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 38 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following information should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following discussion may contain forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a number of important factors, particularly those described under the caption Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 
 
 Overview 
 Core Main is a leader in advancing reliable infrastructure with local service, nationwide. As a leading specialized distributor with a focus on water, wastewater, storm drainage and fire protection products, and related services, we provide solutions to municipalities, private water companies and professional contractors across municipal, non-residential and residential end markets, nationwide. Our specialty products and services are used primarily in the maintenance, repair, replacement and new construction of water, wastewater, storm drainage and fire protection infrastructure. We reach customers through a nationwide network of approximately 320 branches across 48 states. Our products include pipes, valves, fittings, storm drainage products, fire protection products, meter products and other products for use in the construction, maintenance and repair of water and wastewater systems as well as fire protection systems. We complement our core products through additional offerings, including smart meter systems, fusible HDPE piping solutions, specifically engineered treatment plant products, geosynthetics and erosion control products. Our services and capabilities allow for integration with customers and form part of their sourcing and procurement function. 
 Basis of Presentation 
 The Company is a holding company and its primary material asset is its direct and indirect ownership interest in Holdings. Holdings has no operations and no material assets of its own other than its indirect ownership interest in Core Main LP, a Florida limited partnership, the legal entity that conducts the operations of Core Main. Because Core Main is the general partner of Holdings, it operates and controls all of the business and affairs of Holdings and, through Holdings and its subsidiaries, conducts our business. Accordingly, the consolidated financial information of Core Main presented herein, including the accompanying audited consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, includes the consolidated financial information of Holdings and its subsidiaries. The Partnership Interests in Holdings held by the Continuing Limited Partners is reflected as non-controlling interests in Core Main s consolidated financial statements. 
 As the Reorganization Transactions (as defined in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K) are accounted for as transactions between entities under common control, the financial statements for the periods prior to our IPO and Reorganization Transactions have been adjusted to combine previously separate entities for presentation purposes. These entities include Core Main, Holdings and its consolidated subsidiaries and the Blocker Companies (as defined in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K). Prior to the Reorganization Transactions, Core Main had no operations. 
 Fiscal Year 
 Our fiscal year is a 52- or 53-week period ending on the Sunday nearest to January 31 st . Quarters within the fiscal year include 13-week periods, unless a fiscal year includes a 53 rd week, in which case the fourth quarter of the fiscal year will be a 14-week period. The fiscal years ended January 29, 2023, January 30, 2022 and January 31, 2021 included 52 weeks. The next fiscal year ending January 28, 2024 fiscal 2023 will also include 52 weeks. 
 Initial Public Offering and Secondary Offerings 
 On July 27, 2021, we completed our initial public offering of 34,883,721 shares of Class A common stock at a price to the public of 20.00 per share. We received net proceeds of approximately 664 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions. All of the net proceeds from the IPO, less 8 million of transaction costs directly attributable to the IPO, were utilized to purchase 34,883,721 newly issued Partnership Interests of Holdings for approximately 656 million in the aggregate. In turn, Holdings and Core Main LP utilized the net proceeds of the IPO directly or indirectly received from Core Main, together with the net proceeds from borrowings under the Senior Term Loan Facility (as defined in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K) and cash on hand to undertake the Refinancing Transactions (as defined in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K). 
 39 

On August 20, 2021, we issued 5,232,558 shares of Class A common stock at the initial public offering price of 20.00 per share and we received net proceeds of approximately 100 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions as part of the IPO Overallotment Option Exercise (as defined in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K) . 
 On January 10, 2022 and September 19, 2022 secondary public offerings of 20,000,000 and 11,000,000 shares, respectively, of Class A common stock by certain selling stockholders affiliated with Clayton, Dubilier Rice, LLC (the Selling Stockholders were completed at a price to the public of 26.00 per share and 23.75 per share, respectively. The Company did not receive any of the proceeds from the sales. 
 For a further description of the IPO and Secondary Offerings, see Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K . 
 Reorganization Transactions 
 To facilitate the completion of the IPO, we completed legal reorganization transactions which are described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Key Factors Affecting Our Business 
 End-Markets and General Economic Conditions 
 Historically, demand for our products has been closely tied to municipal infrastructure spending, non-residential construction and residential construction in the U.S. We estimate that, based on fiscal 2022 net sales, our exposure by end market was approximately 39 municipal, 39 non-residential and 22 residential. Infrastructure spending and the non-residential and residential construction markets are subject to cyclical market pressures. Municipal demand has been relatively steady over the long term due to the consistent and immediate need to replace broken infrastructure; however, activity levels are subject to the availability of funding for municipal projects. Non-residential and residential construction activities are primarily driven by availability of credit, interest rates, general economic conditions, consumer confidence and other factors that are beyond our control. The length and magnitude of these cycles have varied over time and by market. Cyclicality can also have an impact on the products we procure for our customers or our related services, as further discussed under Price Fluctuations below. During fiscal 2022, interest rate increases slowed home buying and new lot development, which was a contributing factor to a decline in the residential end market in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022 compared with the comparable prior year period. 
 In November 2021, the IIJA was signed into law, which includes 55 billion to invest in water infrastructure across the United States. In the coming years, including as a result of the IIJA, we expect increased federal infrastructure investment to have a core focus on the upgrade, repair and replacement of municipal waterworks systems and to address demographic shifts and serve the growing population. We believe these dynamics, coupled with expanding municipal budgets, create the backdrop for a favorable funding environment and accelerated investment in projects that will benefit our business. 
 In August 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the Inflation Reduction Act was signed into law, which includes a 15 book-income alternative minimum tax on corporations with average applicable financial statement income over 1 billion for any consecutive 3-year period ending in 2022 or later and a 1 excise tax on the fair market value of stock that is repurchased by publicly traded U.S. corporations or their specified affiliates. The alternative minimum tax and the excise tax are effective in taxable years beginning after December 31, 2022. Currently, we do not qualify for the alternative minimum tax. As part of our approach to our capital allocation, we will evaluate any impact related to the excise tax on stock repurchases by the Company. 
 Seasonality 
 Our operating results within a fiscal year are typically impacted by seasonality. Although weather patterns affect our operating results throughout the year, colder weather and shorter daylight hours historically have reduced construction, maintenance and repair activity. As a result, net sales are typically lower in our first and fourth fiscal quarters, especially in northern geographic regions. Abnormal levels of precipitation may negatively impact our operating results as it may result in the delay of construction projects. Our operating results may also be adversely affected by hurricanes, which typically occur during our third fiscal quarter. Our cash flows from operating activities are typically lower during the first and second fiscal quarters due to investment in working capital and annual incentive compensation payments and are typically higher during the third and fourth fiscal quarters due to cash inflows associated with receivable collections and reduced inventory purchases. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, we experienced a period where customers accelerated certain orders due to product availability constraints and inflation, diverging from typical seasonality trends. 
 40 

Price Fluctuations 
 Our financial performance is impacted by price fluctuations in the cost to procure substantially all the products we sell and our ability to reflect these changes, in a timely manner, in our customer pricing. 
 The cost to procure the products we sell are historically volatile and subject to fluctuations arising from changes in supply and demand, national and international economic conditions, labor costs, competition, market speculation, government regulation, weather events, trade policies and periodic delays in the delivery of our products. If we are able to pass through price increases to our customers, our net sales will increase; conversely, during periods of deflation, our customer pricing may decrease to remain competitive, resulting in decreased net sales. During fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021 , we experienced significant price inflation and product surcharges in respect of certain of our products we sell as well as other product categories, and supply chain, which we expect to continue to experience in the near-term and have sought to mitigate through inventory management, effective sourcing and customer pricing. Over the course of fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021, we experienced increasing pressure on our supply chain due to several factors, including, but not limited to, unpredictable lead times and delays from our suppliers, labor availability, global logistics and the availability of raw materials, in part due to the impact of COVID-19 on the global economy and the conflict in Ukraine that limited product availability and further exacerbated the effects of inflation. Depending on the ultimate scope and duration of supply chain disruptions, we may experience increases in product costs which we may not be able to pass on to our customers, loss of sales due to lack of product availability or potential customer claims from the inability to provide products in accordance with contractual terms. We continue to proactively monitor the situation and our supply chain and assess further possible implications to our business. For example, access to certain meter products that we sell is dependent on the ability of our suppliers to obtain technology components, including semi-conductor chips. The global supply shortage of technology components has impacted various industries and companies, including us, and there is no certainty as to when availability will return to historic levels. For fiscal 2023, we expect recent year-over-year growth rates to moderate as we anniversary the effects of inflation in fiscal 2022. As we have experienced significant inflation over a relatively short period, there is increased risk that we may experience a higher level of deflation or substantially lower net sales growth than in recent periods, particularly as a result of greater product availability for certain suppliers and product lines. 
 We are also exposed to fluctuations in costs for petroleum as we distribute a substantial portion of our products by truck. Petroleum prices have fluctuated as a result of the conflict in Ukraine and other factors. In addition, we are exposed to fluctuations in prices for imported products due to logistical challenges and changes in labor, fuel, container and other importation-related costs. We may also face price fluctuations on other products due to constrained labor availability and manufacturing capacity of our suppliers. Our ability to reflect these changes, in a timely manner, in our customer pricing may impact our financial performance. 
 Interest Rates 
 Certain of our indebtedness, including borrowings under the Senior Term Loan Facility and the Senior ABL Credit Facility , are subject to variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate risk. The Senior Term Loan Facility and the Senior ABL Credit Facility each bear interest based on Term SOFR. If interest rates further increase, our debt service obligations on our variable-rate indebtedness will further increase and our net income would decrease, even though the amount borrowed under the facilities remains the same. As of January 29, 2023, we had 1,478 million of outstanding variable-rate debt. We seek to mitigate our exposure to interest rate volatility through the entry into interest rate swap instruments, such as our current interest rate swap, associated with borrowings under the Senior Term Loan Facility, which effectively converts 1,000 million of our variable rate debt to fixed rate debt, with notional amount decreases to 900 million on July 27, 2023, 800 million on July 27, 2024, and 700 million on July 27, 2025 through the instrument maturity on July 27, 2026. Despite these efforts, unfavorable movement in interest rates may further result in higher interest expense and cash payments. 
 
 41 

Acquisitions 
 In addition to our organic growth strategy, we opportunistically pursue strategic asset and business acquisitions to grow our business. Below is a summary of the acquisitions that closed in fiscal 2022, fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020 and the related transaction value (in each case, excluding working capital and other purchase price adjustments, unless otherwise noted). 
 Name Product Lines Closing Date Transaction Value (in millions) Trumbull Industries, Inc. Trumbull Pipes, Values Fittings October 2022 45 Earthsavers Erosion Control, LLC Earthsavers Storm Drainage June 2022 25 Other 2022 Acquisitions Pipes, Valves Fittings Various 54 L M Bag Supply Co., Inc. L M 
 Storm Drainage August 2021 60 Pacific Pipe Company, Inc. Pacific Pipe 
 Pipes, Valves Fittings; Storm Drainage August 2021 103 Other 2021 Acquisitions Pipes, Valves Fittings Various 11 Water Works Supply Co. Pipes, Valves Fittings; Storm Drainage August 2020 12 R B Co. R B Pipes, Valves Fittings; Storm Drainage March 2020 215 
 As we integrate these and other acquisitions into our existing operations, we may not be able to identify the specific financial statement impacts associated with these acquisitions. There can be no assurance that the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions will be realized on the timeline we expect, or at all. 
 
 42 

Key Business Metrics 
 Net Sales 
 We generate net sales primarily from the sale of water, wastewater, storm drainage and fire protection products and the provision of related services to approximately 60,000 customers, as of January 29, 2023, including municipalities, private water companies and professional contractors. We recognize sales, net of sales tax, customer incentives, returns and discounts. Net sales fluctuate as a result of changes in product costs as we seek to reflect these changes in our customer pricing in a timely manner. This will increase net sales if we are able to pass along price increases and decrease net sales if we are required to reduce our customer prices as a result of competitive dynamics. 
 We categorize our net sales into pipes, valves fittings, storm drainage products, fire protection products and meter products: 
 Pipe, valves, hydrants, fittings include these products and other complementary products and services. Pipe includes PVC, ductile iron, fusible HDPE, steel and copper tubing. 
 Storm drainage products primarily include corrugated piping systems, retention basins, manholes, grates, geosynthetics, erosion control and other related products. 
 Fire protection products primarily include fire protection pipe, sprinkler heads and devices as well as custom fabrication services. 
 Meter products primarily include smart meter products, meter accessories, installation, software and other services. 
 Gross Profit 
 Gross profit represents the difference between the product cost from suppliers (net of earned rebates and discounts and including the cost of inbound freight) and the net sale price to our customers. Gross profit may be impacted by the time between changes in supplier costs and changes in our customer pricing. Gross profit may not be comparable to those of other companies, as other companies may include all of the costs related to their distribution network in cost of sales. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Operating expenses are primarily comprised of selling, general and administrative costs, which include personnel expenses (salaries, wages, incentive compensation, associate benefits and payroll taxes), rent, insurance, utilities, professional fees, freight out, fuel and repair and maintenance. 
 Net Income 
 Net income represents our net sales less our cost of sales, operating expenses, depreciation and amortization, interest expense, other expense and our provision for income taxes. 
 Net Income Attributable to Core Main, Inc. 
 Net income attributable to Core Main, Inc. represents net income less income attributable to non-controlling interests. Non-controlling interests represent owners of Partnership Interests of Holdings other than Core Main. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 We define Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA further adjusted for certain items management believes are not reflective of the underlying operations of our business, including (a) loss on debt modification and extinguishment, (b) equity-based compensation, (c) expenses associated with the IPO and subsequent secondary offerings and (d) expenses associated with acquisition activities. Adjusted EBITDA includes amounts otherwise attributable to non-controlling interests as we manage the consolidated company and evaluate operating performance in a similar manner. We use Adjusted EBITDA to assess the operating results and effectiveness of our business. See Non-GAAP Financial Measures for further discussion of Adjusted EBITDA and a reconciliation to net income or net income attributable to Core Main, Inc., the most directly comparable measure under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), as applicable . 
 43 

Results of Operations 
 Fiscal Year Ended January 29, 2023 Compared with Fiscal Year Ended January 30, 2022 
 
 Fiscal Years Ended January 29, 2023 January 30, 2022 (dollars in millions) Net sales 
 6,651 5,004 Cost of sales 
 4,856 3,724 Gross profit 1,795 1,280 Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative 880 717 Depreciation and amortization 
 140 138 Total operating expenses 
 1,020 855 Operating income 
 775 425 Interest expense 
 66 98 Loss on debt modification and extinguishment 51 Income before provision for income taxes 
 709 276 Provision for income taxes 
 128 51 Net income 
 581 225 Less: net income attributable to non-controlling interests 215 59 Net income attributable to Core Main, Inc. 366 166 Earnings per share: Basic 2.16 0.57 Diluted 2.13 0.55 Non-GAAP Financial Data: Adjusted EBITDA 935 604 
 Net Sales 
 Net sales for fiscal 2022 increased 1,647 million, or 32.9 , to 6,651 million compared with 5,004 million for fiscal 2021 . The increase in net sales was primarily attributable to higher selling prices, volume growth and acquisitions, with higher selling prices representing approximately three-fourths of the net sales increase. The volume increases were driven by market volume growth and share gains in part due to preferred access to products during a period of material shortages , which helped drive growth across all product lines, and execution of our sales initiatives. Net sales growth for pipes, valves fittings and storm drainage products benefited from higher selling prices, end-market growth and acquisitions. Net sales growth for fire protection products also benefited from higher selling prices, share gains and end-market growth. Net sales of meter products benefited from higher volumes due to an increasing adoption of smart meter technology by municipalities and an improving supply chain. 
 
 Fiscal Years Ended January 29, 2023 January 30, 2022 Percentage Change (dollars in millions) Pipes, valves fittings products 
 4,548 3,361 35.3 Storm drainage products 
 949 687 38.1 Fire protection products 
 701 565 24.1 Meter products 
 453 391 15.9 Total net sales 
 6,651 5,004 

44 

Gross Profit 
 Gross profit for fiscal 2022 increased 515 million, or 40.2 , to 1,795 million compared with 1,280 million for fiscal 2021 . The increase in net sales contributed an additional 422 million of gross profit and the increase in gross profit as a percentage of net sales contributed 93 million. Gross profit as a percentage of net sales for fiscal 2022 was 27.0 compared with 25.6 for fiscal 2021 . The overall increase in gross profit as a percentage of net sales was primarily attributable to strategic inventory investments ahead of announced price increases, a favorable pricing environment, the execution of our gross margin initiatives and accretive acquisitions. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative SG A expenses for fiscal 2022 increased 163 million, or 22.7 , to 880 million compared with 717 million during fiscal 2021 . The increase was primarily attributable to an increase of 127 million in personnel expenses, which was primarily driven by higher variable compensation costs and increased headcount. In addition, distribution and facility costs increased due to volume, inflation and acquisitions. These factors were partially offset by a 14 million decrease related to equity-based compensation expense due to accounting for a modification to equity awards in the prior year period. SG A expenses as a percentage of net sales was 13.2 for fiscal 2022 compared with 14.3 for fiscal 2021. The decrease was attributable to our ability to leverage our fixed costs and lower equity-based compensation expense during fiscal 2022. 
 Depreciation and Amortization Expense 
 Depreciation and amortization D A expense for fiscal 2022 was 140 million compared with 138 million during fiscal 2021 . The increase primarily was attributable to amortization related to recent acquisitions, partially offset by lower amortization on existing customer relationship intangible assets. 
 Operating Income 
 Operating income for fiscal 2022 increased 350 million, or 82.4 , to 775 million compared with 425 million during fiscal 2021 . The increase in operating income was attributable to higher net sales and gross profit, primarily from higher selling prices, volume growth and acquisitions, and lower equity-based compensation expense in fiscal 2022. These factors were partially offset by higher variable compensation costs and higher personnel expenses and facility costs due to increased headcount and facilities from acquisitions. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense was 66 million for fiscal 2022 compared with 98 million for fiscal 2021 . The decrease was primarily attributable to the redemption of the Senior 2024 Notes and the Senior 2025 Notes (each as defined in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K completed on July 27, 2021, partially offset by borrowings on the Senior ABL Credit Facility and an increase in interest rates on our variable-rate debt. 
 Loss on Debt Modification and Extinguishment 
 For fiscal 2021, we recognized a loss on debt modification and extinguishment of 51 million. The loss on debt modification and extinguishment included (i) a write-off of 8 million in deferred financing fees associated with the redemption of the Senior 2024 Notes, (ii) a write-off of 13 million in deferred financing fees associated with the redemption of the Senior 2025 Notes, (iii) a write-off of 5 million in deferred financing fees associated with the settlement of the Prior Term Loan Facility, (iv) redemption premiums of 6 million and 12 million for the Senior 2024 Notes and Senior 2025 Notes, respectively, (v) the settlement of the cash flow interest rate swap of 5 million, and (vi) third-party expenses for the Senior Term Loan Facility of 2 million. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 The provision for income taxes for fiscal 2022 increased 77 million to 128 million compared with 51 million for fiscal 2021 due to increased income before provision for income taxes . For fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021, our effective tax rates were 18.1 and 18.5 , respectively. The effective tax rate for each period reflects only the portion of net income that is attributable to taxable entities. The lower effective tax rate is attributable to lower permanent differences and fixed tax amounts coupled with higher income before provision for income taxes in fiscal 2022. 
 Net Income 
 Net income for fiscal 2022 increased 356 million, or 158.2 , to 581 million compared with 225 million for fiscal 2021 . The increase in net income was primarily attributable to higher operating income, the 51 million loss on debt modification and extinguishment and equity award modification expense, both of which occurred in fiscal 2021, and lower interest expense, partially offset by increased income taxes. 
 
 45 

Net Income Attributable to Non-controlling Interests 
 Net income attributable to non-controlling interests for fiscal 2022 was 215 million compared with 59 million for fiscal 2021 due to increased net income. For fiscal 2021, the allocation of Holdings net income to holders of Partnership Interests other than Core Main is for the period from July 23, 2021 through January 30, 2022, which was partially offset by Core Main s share of the 51 million loss on debt modification and extinguishment that occurred on July 27, 2021. 
 Net Income Attributable to Core Main, Inc. 
 Net income attributable to Core Main, Inc. for fiscal 2022 was 366 million compared with 166 million for fiscal 2021 due to increased net income. For fiscal 2021, the allocation of Holdings net income to Core Main, Inc. includes net income of Holdings for the period from February 1, 2021 to July 22, 2021. 
 Earnings Per Share 
 The Class A common stock basic earnings per share and diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2022 were 2.16 and 2.13, respectively. The Class A common stock basic earnings per share and diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2021 represent the period from July 23, 2021 through January 30, 2022, the period following the Reorganization Transactions. The Class A common stock basic earnings per share and diluted earnings per share for the period from July 23, 2021 through January 30, 2022 were 0.57 and 0.55, respectively. The net income attributable to Core Main, Inc. for the period from July 23, 2021 through January 30, 2022 was partially offset by Core Main's share of the 51 million loss on debt modification and extinguishment that occurred on July 27, 2021. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 Adjusted EBITDA for fiscal 2022 increased 331 million, or 54.8 , to 935 million compared with 604 million for fiscal 2021 . Growth in Adjusted EBITDA was primarily attributable to higher net sales, improved gross profit margins, and leveraging our cost structure on the increase in net sales. For a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income or net income attributable to Core Main, Inc., the most comparable GAAP financial metric, as applicable, see Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 
 46 

Fiscal Year Ended January 30, 2022 Compared with Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 2021 
 Fiscal Years Ended January 30, 2022 January 31, 2021 (dollars in millions) Net sales 
 5,004 3,642 Cost of sales 
 3,724 2,764 Gross profit 1,280 878 Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative 717 556 Depreciation and amortization 
 138 137 Total operating expenses 
 855 693 Operating income 
 425 185 Interest expense 
 98 139 Loss on debt modification and extinguishment 51 Income before provision for income taxes 
 276 46 Provision for income taxes 
 51 9 Net income 
 225 37 Less: net income attributable to non-controlling interests 59 Net income attributable to Core Main, Inc. 166 Earnings per share: Basic 0.57 Diluted 0.55 Non-GAAP Financial Data: Adjusted EBITDA 604 342 
 Net Sales 
 Net sales for fiscal 2021 increased 1,362 million, or 37.4 , to 5,004 million compared with 3,642 million for fiscal 2020 . The increase in net sales was primarily attributable to higher average selling prices, representing approximately half of the net sales increase, strong market volume growth and share gains resulting from sales initiatives and preferred access to products during a period of material shortages , which helped drive growth across all product lines. Net sales growth for pipes, valves fittings and storm drainage products benefited from end-market growth, acquisitions and higher average selling prices. Net sales growth for fire protection products also benefited from end-market growth and higher average selling prices. Net sales of meter products grew at a slower pace, relative to other product lines, primarily due to shortages of semi-conductor chips that are components of certain smart meter products. 
 Fiscal Years Ended January 30, 2022 January 31, 2021 Percentage Change (dollars in millions) Pipes, valves fittings products 
 3,361 2,373 41.6 Storm drainage products 
 687 489 40.5 Fire protection products 
 565 414 36.5 Meter products 
 391 366 6.8 Total net sales 
 5,004 3,642 
 Gross Profit 
 Gross profit for fiscal 2021 increased 402 million, or 45.8 , to 1,280 million compared with 878 million for fiscal 2020 . The increase in net sales contributed an additional 328 million of gross profit and the increase in gross profit as a percentage of net sales contributed 74 million. Gross profit as a percentage of net sales for fiscal 2021 was 25.6 compared with 24.1 for fiscal 2020 . The overall increase in gross profit as a percentage of net sales was primarily attributable to strategic inventory investments ahead of announced price increases, a favorable pricing environment, the execution of our gross margin initiatives, achievement of growth based supplier incentives and accretive acquisitions. 
 47 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 SG A expenses for fiscal 2021 increased 161 million, or 29.0 , to 717 million compared with 556 million during fiscal 2020 . The increase was primarily attributable to an increase of 101 million in personnel expenses, which was primarily driven by higher variable compensation costs and increased headcount, lower discretionary spending in response to COVID-19 in fiscal 2020, a volume driven increase in distribution costs and incremental costs from acquisitions. In addition, during fiscal 2021 , SG A expenses increased by 21 million related to higher equity-based compensation expense, primarily due to accounting for equity awards, and 5 million of other one-time costs in connection with the IPO and Secondary Offering. SG A expenses as a percentage of net sales was 14.3 for fiscal 2021 compared with 15.3 for fiscal 2020. The decrease was attributable to our ability to leverage our fixed costs, partially offset by higher equity-based compensation. 
 Depreciation and Amortization Expense 
 D A expense for fiscal 2021 was 138 million compared with 137 million during fiscal 2020 . The increase primarily was attributable to amortization related to the Pacific Pipe and L M acquisitions, partially offset by lower amortization on existing customer relationship intangible assets. 
 Operating Income 
 Operating income for fiscal 2021 was 425 million compared with 185 million during fiscal 2020 . The increase in operating income was attributable to higher net sales and gross profit, primarily from volume growth, price inflation, and acquisitions. These factors were partially offset by higher SG A expenses. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense was 98 million for fiscal 2021 compared with 139 million during fiscal 2020 . The decrease was attributable to the redemption of the Senior 2024 Notes, the redemption of the Senior 2025 Notes and lower interest rates on the Senior Term Loan Facility as compared to the Prior Term Loan Facility due to the Refinancing Transactions completed on July 27, 2021. 
 Loss on Debt Modification and Extinguishment 
 For fiscal 2021 , we recognized a loss on debt modification and extinguishment of 51 million. The loss on debt modification and extinguishment included (i) a write-off of 8 million in deferred financing fees associated with the redemption of the Senior 2024 Notes, (ii) a write-off of 13 million in deferred financing fees associated with the redemption of the Senior 2025 Notes, (iii) a write-off of 5 million in deferred financing fees associated with the settlement of the Prior Term Loan Facility, (iv) redemption premiums of 6 million and 12 million for the Senior 2024 Notes and Senior 2025 Notes, respectively, (v) the settlement of the cash flow interest rate swap of 5 million which had its changes in fair value previously attributed to accumulated other comprehensive loss, and (vi) third-party expenses for the Senior Term Loan Facility of 2 million. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 The provision for income taxes for fiscal 2021 increased 42 million to 51 million compared with 9 million for fiscal 2020 . For fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020 , our effective tax rates were 18.5 and 19.6 , respectively. The effective tax rate for each period reflects only the portion of net income that is attributable to taxable entities (which are comprised of Core Main following the Reorganization Transactions and the Blocker Companies before the Reorganization Transactions), the impact of certain permanent book-tax differences and incremental tax expense due to our legal entity structure. The effective tax rates in fiscal 2021 were lower than fiscal 2020 due to certain fixed tax expenses and permanent differences decreasing as a percentage of income before provision for income taxes. 
 Net Income 
 Net income for fiscal 2021 increased 188 million to 225 million compared with 37 million for fiscal 2020 . The increase in net income was primarily attributable to higher operating income and lower interest expense due to the Refinancing Transactions, partially offset by the 51 million loss on debt modification and an increase in income taxes. 
 Net Income Attributable to Non-controlling Interests 
 Net income attributable to non-controlling interests for fiscal 2021 was 59 million. This represents the allocation of the Holdings net income for the period from July 23, 2021 through January 30, 2022, which included the 51 million loss on debt modification and extinguishment, to holders of Partnership Interests other than Core Main. 
 Net Income Attributable to Core Main, Inc. 
 Net income attributable to Core Main, Inc. for fiscal 2021 was 166 million. The net income attributable to Core Main, Inc. includes the net income of Holdings for the period from February 1, 2021 to July 22, 2021. 
 48 

Earnings Per Share 
 The Class A common stock basic earnings per share and diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2021 were 0.57 and 0.55, respectively. The Class A common stock basic earnings per share and diluted earnings per share were calculated for the period from July 23, 2021 through January 30, 2022, the period following the Reorganization Transactions, which included the 51 million loss on debt modification and extinguishment. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 Adjusted EBITDA for fiscal 2021 increased 262 million, or 76.6 , to 604 million compared with 342 million for fiscal 2020 . Growth in Adjusted EBITDA was primarily attributable to higher net sales and improved gross profit margins. For a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income or net income attributable to Core Main, Inc., the most comparable GAAP financial metric, as applicable, see Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Historically, we have financed our liquidity requirements through cash flows from operating activities, borrowings under our credit facilities, issuances of equity and debt securities and working capital management activities. Our principal historical liquidity requirements have been for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and servicing indebtedness. 
 As of January 29, 2023, our cash and cash equivalents totaled 177 million. We maintain our cash deposits according to a banking policy that requires diversification across a variety of highly-rated financial institutions. However, this still results in concentration of cash and cash equivalents across these financial institutions in excess of FDIC-insured limits. 
 As of January 29, 2023, we had no outstanding borrowings on our Senior ABL Credit Facility, which provides for borrowings of up to 1,250 million, subject to borrowing base availability. As of January 29, 2023, after giving effect to approximately 12 million of letters of credit issued under the Senior ABL Credit Facility, Core Main LP would have been able to borrow approximately 1,238 million under the Senior ABL Credit Facility, subject to borrowing base availability. Our short term debt obligations of 15 million are related to quarterly amortization principal payments on the Senior Term Loan Facility. 
 We are required to make cash payments in future periods under the Tax Receivable Agreements. Payments to the Former Limited Partners will commence in fiscal year 2023 and payments to the Continuing Limited Partner involved in the Secondary Offerings are expected to commence in fiscal year 2024. Payments under the Tax Receivable Agreements are only required to be made to the extent that we utilize the corresponding tax deductions to reduce payments to federal, state and local taxing authorities. These payments are in an amount that represents 85 of the reduction in payments to federal, state and local taxing authorities. As such, the cash savings from the incremental tax deductions are expected to exceed the payments under the Tax Receivable Agreements over the life of these arrangements. Based on the anticipated filing date of income tax returns and contractual payment terms in the Tax Receivable Agreements, we expect these payments to occur two fiscal years after we utilize the corresponding tax deductions. The timing of payments associated with the Tax Receivable Agreements are summarized below: 
 Fiscal 2023 
 5 Fiscal 2024 
 12 Fiscal 2025 
 11 Fiscal 2026 
 11 Fiscal 2027 
 11 Thereafter 135 Total Tax Receivable Agreements liability 185 
 Further exchanges by the Continuing Limited Partners will result in additional tax deductions to us and require additional payables pursuant to Tax Receivable Agreements. The actual amount and timing of the additional payments under the Tax Receivable Agreements will vary depending upon a number of factors as discussed further in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

49 

In addition to making distributions to Core Main, Inc. to fund tax obligations and payments under the Tax Receivable Agreements, in accordance with the Partnership Agreement, Holdings also makes distributions to the Continuing Limited Partners representing the non-controlling interests of Core Main, Inc. to fund their income tax obligations with various taxing authorities. The amount of these payments are dependent upon various factors, including the amount of taxable income allocated to them from Holdings, changes in the ownership percentage of the non-controlling interest holders, changes in tax rates and the timing of distributions relative to the corresponding tax year. Tax distributions to non-controlling interest holders were 57 million in fiscal 2022 . Further exchanges by the Continuing Limited Partners may result in lower tax distributions subject to any changes to income before provision to income taxes. 
 We believe that our current sources of liquidity, which include cash generated from operations, existing cash and cash equivalents and available borrowing capacity under the Senior ABL Credit Facility, will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditures and other cash commitments, including obligations relating to our indebtedness and the Tax Receivable Agreements, over at least the next 12 months. We have based these estimates on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could utilize our available capital resources sooner than we expect. Our growth strategy contemplates future acquisitions for which we will need sufficient access to capital. To finance future acquisitions, particularly larger acquisitions, we may issue additional equity or incur additional indebtedness. Any such additional indebtedness would increase our debt leverage. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Indebtedness in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Additionally, we continuously evaluate our approach to our capital allocation, which may include acquisitions, greenfields, debt reduction (including through open market debt repurchases, negotiated repurchases, other retirements of outstanding debt and opportunistic refinancing of debt), stock repurchases, dividends or other distributions. In fiscal 2023, we expect to return capital to our shareholders through dividends and/or share repurchases. The execution of these, and other, capital allocation activities may be at the discretion of, and subject to the approval by, our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, earnings, liquidity and capital requirements, market conditions, level of indebtedness, contractual restrictions, compliance with our debt covenants, restrictions imposed by Delaware law, general business conditions and any other factors that our board of directors deems relevant in making any such determination. Therefore, there can be no assurance that we will engage in any or all of these actions or to what amount of capital we will allocate to each option. Our affiliates may also purchase our debt from time to time, through open market purchases or other transactions. In such cases, our debt may not be retired, in which case we would continue to pay interest in accordance with the terms of such debt and we would continue to reflect the debt as outstanding in our consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Holdings ability to pay dividends, which is required to fund aspects of our capital allocation policy, may be limited as a practical matter by our growth plans as well as our credit agreements and other debt instruments insofar as we may seek to pay dividends out of funds made available to us by Core Main LP, because our credit agreements directly or indirectly restrict Core Main LP s ability to pay dividends or make loans to Holdings. The Senior Term Loan Facility may require accelerated repayment based upon cash flows generated in excess of operating and investing requirements when Core Main LP s net total leverage ratio is greater than or equal to 3.25. In addition, the Senior ABL Credit Facility requires us to comply with a consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio of greater than or equal to 1.00 when availability is less than 10.0 of the lesser of (i) the then applicable borrowing base and (ii) the then aggregate effective commitments under the Senior ABL Credit Facility. Substantially all of Core Main LP s assets secure the Senior Term Loan Facility and the Senior ABL Credit Facility. 

50 

Information about our cash flows, by category, is presented in the consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and is summarized as follows: 
 Fiscal Years Ended January 29, 2023 January 30, 2022 January 31, 2021 Cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities 
 401 (31) 214 Cash flows (used in) investing activities 
 (152) (203) (229) Cash flows (used in) provided by financing activities 
 (73) (146) 215 Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 176 (380) 200 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities increased by 432 million to 401 million of cash inflow for fiscal 2022 compared with cash used in operating activities of 31 million for fiscal 2021 . The improvement in operating cash flows was primarily driven by higher operating income, a smaller investment in working capital due to more predictable product lead times in fiscal 2022 which allowed for lower strategic inventory purchases compared to the prior year and 52 million in lower cash interest payments due to the redemption of the Senior 2024 Notes and Senior 2025 Notes completed on July 27, 2021. These factors were partially offset by a 92 million increase in tax payments due to higher income before provision for income taxes. 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 31 million for fiscal 2021 compared with net cash from operating activities of 214 million for fiscal 2020 . The change was primarily driven by a higher investment in working capital based on strong net sales growth, driven by inflation and volume growth, and strategic inventory purchases for fiscal 2021 . During fiscal 2020, we had a lower investment in working capital due to the impacts of COVID-19. These factors were partially offset by higher gross profit driven in part by higher selling prices and volume growth. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities decreased by 51 million to 152 million for fiscal 2022 compared with 203 million for fiscal 2021, primarily attributable to a 51 million decrease in cash outflows for acquisitions and the fiscal 2021 cash outflow of 5 million for the payment for the settlement of an interest rate swap. These factors were partially offset by a 5 million increase in capital expenditures. 
 Net cash used in investing activities decreased by 26 million to 203 million for fiscal 2021 compared with 229 million for fiscal 2020. The decrease was attributable to a 38 million decrease in acquisitions partially offset by an 8 million increase in capital expenditures and a 5 million payment in fiscal 2021 for the settlement of an interest rate swap. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 73 million for fiscal 2022 compared with 146 million for fiscal 2021 . The decrease of 73 million was primarily attributable to a 833 million decrease in outflows for debt repayments, net of debt issuances, discounts, issuance costs and modification costs; driven by the debt refinancing in conjunction with the IPO. This was partially offset by fiscal 2021 inflows related to net proceeds from the IPO and IPO Overallotment Option Exercise as defined in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of approximately 756 million, after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses paid. 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 146 million for fiscal 2021 compared with net cash from financing activities of 215 million for fiscal 2020 . The change of 361 million was primarily attributable to a 1,079 million increase in outflows for debt repayments, net of debt issuances, discounts, issuance costs, and modification costs, and a 37 million increase in distributions to non-controlling interest holders. The outflows were partially offset by net proceeds from the IPO and the IPO Overallotment Option Exercise of approximately 756 million, after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses paid. 

51 

Financing 
 Our debt obligations (in millions) consist of the following: 
 Original Aggregate Principal/Borrowing Capacity Maturity Date Interest Senior Term Loan 1,500 July 27, 2028 (i) Term SOFR plus, in each case, an applicable margin of 2.50 and a credit spread adjustment of 0.10 , or (ii) the base rate, which will be the highest of (x) the corporate base rate established by the administrative agent as its prime rate in effect at its principal office in New York City from time to time, (y) the overnight federal funds rate plus 0.50 per annum and (z) one-month Term SOFR (adjusted for maximum reserves) plus 1.00 per annum, plus, in each case, an applicable margin of 1.50 . 
 Senior ABL Credit Facility (1) 
 1,250 July 27, 2026 Term SOFR rate plus an applicable margin ranging from 1.25 to 1.75 , or an alternate base rate plus an applicable margin ranging from 0.25 to 0.75 , depending on the borrowing capacity under the Senior ABL Credit Facility. 
 Interest Rate Swap (2) 
 1,000 July 27, 2026 Effective fixed rate of 3.293 , based upon the 0.693 fixed rate plus an applicable margin of 2.50 and a credit spread adjustment of 0.10 both associated with the Senior Term Loan Facility. 
 (1) Aggregate amount of commitments under the asset-based revolving credit facility of 1,250 million overall, subject to borrowing base availability. There were no amounts outstanding under the Senior ABL Credit Facility as of January 29, 2023. 
 (2) Notional amount of 1,000 million as of January 29, 2023 . The notional amount decreases to 900 million on July 27, 2023, 800 million on July 27, 2024, and 700 million on July 27, 2025 through the instrument maturity on July 27, 2026. 
 Refer to Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of our debt obligations and the timing of future principal and interest payments including impacts from our interest rate swap. 
 
 Purchase Obligations 
 As of January 29, 2023, the Company had agreements in place with various suppliers to purchase goods and services, primarily inventory, in the aggregate amount of 1,423 million. These purchase obligations are generally cancellable, but the Company foresees no intent to cancel. Payment is generally expected to be made during fiscal 2023 for these obligations. 
 
 Leases 
 The Company occupies certain facilities and operates certain equipment and vehicles under operating leases that expire at various dates through the year 2037. Future aggregate rental payments under non-cancelable operating leases as of January 29, 2023 were as follows: 57 million in fiscal 2023 , 46 million in fiscal 2024 , 36 million in fiscal 2025 , 23 million in fiscal 2026, 15 million in fiscal 2027 and 21 million thereafter. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 In addition to providing results that are determined in accordance with GAAP, we present EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, which are non-GAAP financial measures. These measures are not considered measures of financial performance or liquidity under GAAP and the items excluded therefrom are significant components in understanding and assessing our financial performance or liquidity. These measures should not be considered in isolation or as alternatives to GAAP measures such as net income or net income attributable to Core Main, Inc., as applicable, cash provided by or used in operating, investing or financing activities or other financial statement data presented in our financial statements as an indicator of our financial performance or liquidity. 
 We define EBITDA as net income, or net income attributable to Core Main, Inc., as applicable, adjusted for non-controlling interests, depreciation and amortization, provision for income taxes and interest expense. We define Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA as further adjusted for certain items management believes are not reflective of the underlying operations of our business, including (a) loss on debt modification and extinguishment, (b) equity-based compensation, (c) expenses associated with the IPO and subsequent secondary offerings and (d) expenses associated with acquisition activities. Net income attributable to Core Main, Inc. is the most directly comparable GAAP measure to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA. 
 52 

We use EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA to assess the operating results and effectiveness and efficiency of our business. Adjusted EBITDA includes amounts otherwise attributable to non-controlling interests as we manage the consolidated company and evaluate operating performance in a similar manner. We present these non-GAAP financial measures because we believe that investors consider them to be important supplemental measures of performance, and we believe that these measures are frequently used by securities analysts, investors and other interested parties in the evaluation of companies in our industry. Non-GAAP financial measures as reported by us may not be comparable to similarly titled metrics reported by other companies and may not be calculated in the same manner. These measures have limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider them in isolation or as substitutes for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. For example, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA: 
 do not reflect the significant interest expense or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments on debt; 
 do not reflect income tax expenses, the cash requirements to pay taxes or related distributions; 
 do not reflect cash requirements to replace in the future any assets being depreciated and amortized; and 
 exclude certain transactions or expenses as allowed by the various agreements governing our indebtedness. 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are not alternative measures of financial performance or liquidity under GAAP and therefore should be considered in conjunction with net income, net income attributable to Core Main, Inc. and other performance measures such as gross profit or net cash provided by or used in operating, investing or financing activities and not as alternatives to such GAAP measures. In evaluating Adjusted EBITDA, you should be aware that, in the future, we may incur expenses similar to those eliminated in this presentation. 
 The following table sets forth a reconciliation of net income or net income attributable to Core Main, Inc. to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA for the periods presented: 
 Fiscal Years Ended January 29, 2023 January 30, 2022 January 31, 2021 Net income attributable to Core Main, Inc. 366 166 Plus: net income attributable to non-controlling interests 215 59 Net income 581 225 37 Depreciation and amortization (1) 
 143 142 141 Provision for income taxes 128 51 9 Interest expense 66 98 139 EBITDA 918 516 326 Loss on debt modification and extinguishment 51 Equity-based compensation 11 25 4 Acquisition expenses (2) 
 5 7 12 Offering expenses (3) 
 1 5 Adjusted EBITDA 935 604 342 
 (1) Includes depreciation of certain assets which are reflected in cost of sales in our Statement of Operations. 
 (2) Represents expenses associated with acquisition activities, including transaction costs, post-acquisition employee retention bonuses, severance payments, expense recognition of purchase accounting fair value adjustments (excluding amortization) and contingent consideration adjustments. 
 (3) Represents costs related to the IPO and subsequent secondary offerings reflected in SG A expenses in our Statement of Operations. 
 
 Recently Issued and Adopted Accounting Pronouncements and Accounting Pronouncements Issued But Not Yet Adopted 
 See Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

53 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 A summary of our significant accounting policies is included in Note 2 of our audited consolidated annual financial statements. The preparation of consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Our estimates and assumptions are based on historical experiences and changes in the business environment. However, actual results may differ from estimates under different conditions, sometimes materially. Critical accounting policies and estimates are defined as those that are both most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require management judgment. Our critical accounting policies and estimates are described below. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Our revenues are earned from contracts with customers. These contracts include written agreements and purchase orders as well as arrangements that are implied by customary business practices or law. The revenue contracts are primarily single performance obligations for the sale of product or performance of services for customers. Revenue is recognized when title is passed to the customer in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for the products and services, which is net of sales tax, customer incentives, returns and discounts. For product sales, the transfer of title generally occurs at the point of destination for products shipped by internal fleet and at the point of shipping for products shipped by third-party carriers. Estimates for expected customer incentives, returns and discounts are based on historical experience, anticipated performance and management s judgment. Generally, our contracts do not contain significant financing as the standard sales terms are short term in nature. 
 Inventories 
 Inventories consist primarily of finished goods and are carried at the lower of cost or net realizable value. The cost of substantially all inventories is determined by the weighted average cost method. We evaluate our inventory value at the end of each quarter to ensure that it is carried at the lower of cost or net realizable value. This evaluation includes an analysis of historical physical inventory results and a review of potential excess and obsolete inventories based on inventory aging and anticipated future demand. Periodically, perpetual inventory records are adjusted to reflect any declines in net realizable value below inventory carrying cost. To the extent historical physical inventory results are not indicative of future results and if future events impact, either favorably or unfavorably, the salability of our products or our relationship with certain key suppliers, our inventory reserves could differ significantly, resulting in either higher or lower future inventory provisions. The carrying value of inventory includes the capitalization of inbound freight costs and is net of supplier rebates and purchase discounts for an estimate of products not yet sold. 
 Acquisitions 
 We enter into acquisitions to strategically expand in underpenetrated products and markets. When we acquire a business or assets that are determined to meet the definition of a business, we allocate the purchase consideration paid to acquire the business to the assets and liabilities acquired based on estimated fair values at the acquisition date, with the excess of purchase price over the estimated fair value of the net assets acquired recorded as goodwill. If during the measurement period (a period not to exceed 12 months from the acquisition date) we receive additional information that existed as of the acquisition date but at the time of the original allocation described above was unknown to us, we make the appropriate adjustments to the purchase price allocation in the reporting period that the amounts are determined. 
 For each acquisition, we value intangible assets acquired which may include customer relationships, non-compete agreements and/or trademarks. Customer relationship intangible assets represent the value associated with those customer relationships in place at the date of the acquisition. We value customer relationships using an excess earnings method using various inputs such as customer attrition rate, revenue growth rate, gross margin percentage and discount rate. Cash flows associated with the existing relationships are expected to diminish over time due to customer turnover. We reflect this expected diminishing cash flow through the utilization of an annual customer attrition rate assumption and in its method of amortization. Non-compete intangible assets represent the value associated with non-compete agreements for former executives in place at the date of the acquisition. Trademark intangible assets represent the value associated with the brand names in place at the date of the acquisition. 

54 

Tax Receivable Agreements 
 Under the Tax Receivable Agreements, we expect to generate tax attributes that will reduce amounts that we would otherwise pay in the future to various tax authorities. 
 The Former Limited Partners Tax Receivable Agreement provides for the payment by us to certain Former Limited Partners, or their permitted transferees, of 85 of the tax benefits, if any, that we actually realize, or in some circumstances are deemed to realize, as a result of (i) certain tax attributes of the Partnership Interests we hold in respect of such Former Limited Partners interest in us, including such attributes which resulted from such Former Limited Partners prior acquisition of ownership interests in Holdings and our allocable share of existing tax basis acquired in connection with the IPO attributable to the Former Limited Partners and (ii) certain other tax benefits. 
 The Continuing Limited Partners Tax Receivable Agreement provides for the payment by us to the Continuing Limited Partners, or their permitted transferees, of 85 of the benefits, if any, that we realize, or in some circumstances are deemed to realize, as a result of (i) increases in tax basis or other similar tax benefits as a result of exchanges of Partnership Interests for cash or shares of our Class A common stock pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2021 (the Exchange Agreement , by and among Core Main, Holdings, CD R Waterworks Holdings, LLC and Management Feeder, (ii) our allocable share of existing tax basis acquired in connection with the IPO attributable to the Continuing Limited Partners and in connection with exchanges of Partnership Interests for cash or shares of our Class A common stock pursuant to the Exchange Agreement and (iii) our utilization of certain other tax benefits related to our entering into the Continuing Limited Partners Tax Receivable Agreement, including tax benefits attributable to payments under the Continuing Limited Partners Tax Receivable Agreement. We expect to obtain an increase in our share of the tax basis in the net assets of Holdings as Partnership Interests are exchanged by Continuing Limited Partners. We intend to treat any exchanges of Partnership Interests as direct purchases of Partnership Interests for U.S. federal income tax purposes. These increases in tax basis are expected to reduce amounts owed to various tax authorities in the future. 
 Except to the extent that any benefits are deemed realized, we will receive the full benefit in tax savings from relevant taxing authorities and provide payment of 85 of the amount of any of our actual or deemed tax benefits to the Former Limited Partners or Continuing Limited Partners, as applicable, or their permitted transferees. We expect to benefit from the remaining 15 of any cash tax savings, except to the extent of any deemed realizations. For the Tax Receivable Agreements, we assess the tax attributes to determine if it is more likely than not that the benefit of any deferred tax assets will be realized. Following that assessment, we recognize a liability under the applicable Tax Receivable Agreements, reflecting approximately 85 of the expected future realization of such tax benefits. Amounts payable under the Tax Receivable Agreements are contingent upon, among other things, (i) generation of sufficient future taxable income during the term of the applicable Tax Receivable Agreements and (ii) future changes in tax laws. The establishment of the 91 million liability under the Former Limited Partners Tax Receivable Agreements and the 94 million liability under the Continuing Limited Partners Tax Receivable Agreements as of January 29, 2023 did not impact earnings as the payments were recorded against equity since Core Main entered into the Tax Receivable Agreements as part of common control transactions. Post establishment of the Tax Receivable Agreement liabilities we may remeasure the liabilities due to changes in estimates which could result in an impact to earnings. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We had no off-balance sheet arrangements as of January 29, 2023. 

55 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 In the normal course of conducting business, we are exposed to certain risks associated with potential changes in market conditions. These risks include fluctuations in interest rates and prices, including price fluctuations related to substantially all of our products. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our credit facilities bear interest at a floating rate. Both the Senior Term Loan Facility and the Senior ABL Credit Facility bear interest generally equal to Term SOFR plus an applicable margin. As a result, we are exposed to fluctuations in interest rates to the extent of our net borrowings under the Senior Term Loan Facility and the Senior ABL Credit Facility. As of January 29, 2023, our Senior Term Loan Facility had borrowings of 1,478 million. As such, excluding the impact of any interest rate swap, each one percentage point change in interest rates would result in an approximately 15 million change in the annual interest expense on the Senior Term Loan Facility. As of January 29, 2023, assuming availability under our Senior ABL Credit Facility was fully utilized, each one percentage point change in interest rates would result in an approximately 12 million change in annual interest expense. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations Key Factors Affecting Our Business Interest Rates. 
 Credit Risk 
 We are exposed to credit risk on accounts receivable balances. This risk is mitigated due to our large, diverse customer base. In fiscal 2022 , our 50 largest customers accounted for approximately 12 of our net sales, with our largest customer accounting for less than 1 of net sales. We maintain provisions for potential credit losses and such losses to date have normally been within our expectations. We evaluate the solvency of our customers on an ongoing basis to determine if additional allowances for doubtful accounts receivable need to be recorded. We have historically not been exposed to a material amount of uncollectible receivable balances. 
 Price Risk 
 We are exposed to price fluctuations in the cost to procure substantially all the products we sell and our ability to reflect these changes, in a timely manner, in our customer pricing. Our operating performance may be affected by both upward and downward price fluctuations. We have a limited ability to control the timing an amount of changes in the cost to procure our products. We seek to recover increases in our product costs by passing product cost increases on to our customers. Conversely, decreases in our product costs can correspondingly lower the price levels of the products we sell in order to remain competitive in our markets. Changes to product costs may lead to a risk of a reduction to our margins, which we seek to minimize through strategic inventory investments ahead of announced price increases, the execution of our gross margin initiatives and accretive acquisitions. We are also exposed to fluctuations in petroleum costs as we deliver a substantial portion of the products we sell by truck and fluctuations in prices for imported products due to logistical challenges. We seek to minimize the effects of changing prices through economies of purchasing, inventory management based on the predictability of product lead teams and recovering product costs by passing cost increases on to customers. Such price fluctuations have from time to time produced volatility in our financial performance and could do so in the future. 
 
 56 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 Index to Audited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 58 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of January 29, 2023 and January 30, 2022 
 60 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Fiscal Years ended January 29, 2023, January 30, 2022 and January 31, 2021 
 61 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Fiscal Years ended January 29, 2023, January 30, 2022 and January 31, 2021 
 62 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity/Partners' Capital for the Fiscal Years ended January 29, 2023, January 30, 2022 and January 31, 2021 
 63 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Fiscal Years ended January 29, 2023, January 30, 2022 and January 31, 2021 
 64 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 65 

57 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Core Main, Inc. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Core Main, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of January 29, 2023 and January 30, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive income, of stockholder's equity / partners' capital and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 29, 2023, including the related notes and financial statement schedules listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of January 29, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of January 29, 2023 and January 30, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 29, 2023 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 29, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 58 

Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Revenue Recognition Net Product Sales 
 As described in Notes 2 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s total net sales were 6,651 million, of which 6,634 million relates to product sales for the year ended January 29, 2023. The Company s revenues are earned from contracts with customers. These contracts include written agreements and purchase orders as well as arrangements that are implied by customary business practices or law. The revenue contracts are primarily single performance obligations for the sale of product for customers. Revenue is recognized when title is passed to the customer in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for the products, which is net of sales tax, customer incentives, returns and discounts. For product sales, the transfer of title generally occurs at the point of destination for products shipped by internal fleet and at the point of shipping for products shipped by third party carriers. Estimates for expected customer incentives, returns and discounts are based on historical experience, anticipated performance and management s judgement. Generally, the Company s contracts do not contain significant financing as the standard terms are short term in nature. 
 The principal consideration for our determination that performing procedures relating to revenue recognition of net product sales is a critical audit matter is a high degree of auditor effort in performing procedures related to the Company s revenue recognition. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the revenue recognition process. (i) testing the completeness, accuracy, and existence of revenue recognized for a sample of revenue transactions by obtaining and inspecting source documents, such as invoices, pick tickets, shipping documents, cash receipts from customers, and, where applicable, customer contracts and (ii) testing, for a sample of revenue transactions on or before January 29, 2023, the cutoff of revenue transactions. 
 /s/ 
 
 March 28, 2023 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2021. 
 59 

CORE MAIN, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 Amounts in millions (except share and per share data) 
 
 January 29, 2023 January 30, 2022 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Receivables, net of allowance for credit losses of and 
 Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Intangible assets, net Goodwill Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Current maturities of long-term debt Accounts payable Accrued compensation and benefits Current operating lease liabilities Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Non-current operating lease liabilities Deferred income taxes Payable to related parties pursuant to Tax Receivable Agreements Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Class A common stock, par value per share, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of January 29, 2023 and January 30, 2022, respectively 
 Class B common stock, par value per share, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of January 29, 2023 and January 30, 2022, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income Total stockholders equity attributable to Core Main, Inc. Non-controlling interests Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 60 

CORE MAIN, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Amounts in millions (except share and per share data) 
 
 Fiscal Years Ended January 29, 2023 January 30, 2022 January 31, 2021 Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative Depreciation and amortization Total operating expenses Operating income Interest expense Loss on debt modification and extinguishment Income before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Less: net income attributable to non-controlling interests (1) 
 Net income attributable to Core Main, Inc. (1) 
 Earnings per share (2) 
 Basic Diluted Number of shares used in computing EPS (2) 
 Basic Diluted 
 
 (1) million and net income subsequent to the Reorganization Transactions of million. Refer to the Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity/Partners Capital for a summary of net income attributable to Core Main, Inc. subsequent to the Reorganization Transactions. See Note 1 for a description of the Basis of Presentation of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 (2) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 61 

CORE MAIN, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 Amounts in millions 
 
 Fiscal Years Ended January 29, 2023 January 30, 2022 January 31, 2021 Net income Net interest rate swap gain, net of tax (expense) of ), ) and ) 
 Total comprehensive income Less: comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests Total comprehensive income attributable to Core Main, Inc. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 62 

CORE MAIN, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY/PARTNERS CAPITAL 
 Amounts in millions (except share and per share data) 
 Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Partners Capital Shares Amount Shares Amount Additional Paid In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retained Earnings Non-Controlling Interests Total Stockholders Equity/ Partners Capital Balances at February 2, 2020 Equity investment from partners Equity-based compensation Net income attributable to partners' capital Net interest rate swap gain, net of tax Distributions to partners ) ) Balances at January 31, 2021 Equity-based compensation Net income attributable to partners' capital Net interest rate swap gain, net of tax Distributions to partners ) ) Balances at July 22, 2021 prior to Reorganization Transactions and IPO Reclassification of partners capital ) Reorganization transactions ) Reclassification of non-controlling interests upon reorganization ) ) Issuance of Class A Shares, net of issuance costs Adjustment of deferred tax liability associated with Core Main investment in Core Main Holdings, LP Net income Equity-based compensation Net old interest rate swap gain, net of tax Net new interest rate swap gain, net of tax Distributions to non-controlling interest holders ) ) Exchange of Partnership Interests for Class A Shares ) ) Establishment of Tax Receivable Agreement Liabilities ) ) Non-controlling interests adjustment for purchase of Partnership Interests and vesting of Core Main Holdings, LP Partnership Interests held by non-controlling interests ) Balances at January 30, 2022 Net income Equity-based compensation Net interest rate swap gain, net of tax Distributions to non-controlling interest holders ) ) ) Exchange of Partnership Interests and Class B Shares for Class A Shares ) ) Adjustment of deferred tax liability associated with Core Main investment in Core Main Holdings, LP Establishment of Tax Receivable Agreement Liabilities ) ) Activity under equity-based compensation plans, net of tax withholdings Forfeiture of Class A Shares and Partnership Interests ) ) Non-controlling interest adjustments for purchase of Partnership Interests and vesting of Core Main Holdings, LP Partnership Interests held by non-controlling interests ) Balances at January 29, 2023 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 63 

CORE MAIN, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Amounts in millions 
 Fiscal Years Ended January 29, 2023 January 30, 2022 January 31, 2021 Cash Flows From Operating Activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net cash from operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Equity-based compensation expense Loss on debt modification and extinguishment Other ) Changes in assets and liabilities: (Increase) decrease in receivables ) ) ) (Increase) decrease in inventories ) ) ) (Increase) decrease in other assets ) ) Increase (decrease) in accounts payable ) Increase (decrease) in accrued liabilities Increase (decrease) in other liabilities ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash Flows From Investing Activities: Capital expenditures ) ) ) Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Settlement of interest rate swap ) Proceeds from the sale of property and equipment Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash Flows From Financing Activities: IPO proceeds, net of underwriting discounts and commissions Offering proceeds from underwriters option, net of underwriting discounts and commissions Payments for offering costs ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock from employee equity plans Investments from non-controlling interest holders Distributions to non-controlling interest holders ) ) ) Borrowings on asset-based revolving credit facility Repayments on asset-based revolving credit facility ) ) ) Issuance of long-term debt Repayments of long-term debt ) ) ) Payment of debt redemption premiums ) Debt issuance costs ) ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period Cash paid for interest (excluding effects of interest rate swap) Cash paid for income taxes 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 64 

CORE MAIN, INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Dollars in millions, except as noted 
 
 1) 
 branches across states. The Company s products include pipes, valves, fittings, storm drainage products, fire protection products, meter products and other products for use in the construction, maintenance and repair of water and wastewater systems as well as fire protection systems. The Company has complemented its core products through additional offerings, including smart meter systems, fusible high-density polyethylene fusible HDPE piping solutions, specifically engineered treatment plant products, geosynthetics and erosion control products. The Company s services and capabilities allow for integration with customers and form part of their sourcing and procurement function. All of the Company s long-lived assets are located within the United States U.S. ). 
 Initial Public Offering 
 On July 27, 2021, Core Main completed its initial public offering of shares of Class A common stock at a price to the public of per share (the IPO ). Core Main received net proceeds of approximately million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions. All of the net proceeds from the IPO, less million of transaction costs directly attributable to the IPO, were utilized to purchase newly issued limited partner interests of Holdings Partnership Interests for approximately million in the aggregate. In turn, Holdings and Core Main LP utilized the net proceeds of the IPO directly or indirectly received from Core Main, together with the net proceeds from borrowings under the Senior Term Loan Facility (as defined below and described in Note 6) and cash on hand to redeem (i) all million aggregate principal amount of the senior unsecured notes due September 15, 2024 issued by Holdings (the Senior 2024 Notes and (ii) all million aggregate principal amount of the senior unsecured notes due August 15, 2025 issued by Core Main LP (the Senior 2025 Notes ). Additionally, Core Main LP amended the terms of the credit agreement governing the senior term loan facility with an original principal balance of million maturing on August 1, 2024 issued by Core Main LP (the Prior Term Loan Facility in order to, among other things, enter into a new million senior term loan (the Senior Term Loan Facility (collectively, the Refinancing Transactions ). 
 As a result of the Refinancing Transactions on July 27, 2021, the Company recorded a loss on debt modification and extinguishment of million for fiscal 2021. The loss on debt modification and extinguishment included (i) the write-off of million in deferred financing fees associated with the redemption of the Senior 2024 Notes, (ii) the write-off of million in deferred financing fees associated with the redemption of the Senior 2025 Notes, (iii) the write-off of million in deferred financing fees associated with the settlement of the Prior Term Loan Facility, (iv) redemption premiums of million and million for the Senior 2024 Notes and Senior 2025 Notes, respectively, (v) the settlement of the cash flow interest rate swap of million which had its changes in fair value previously attributed to accumulated other comprehensive loss, and (vi) third-party expenses for the Senior Term Loan Facility of million. 
 65 

shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the full exercise of the underwriters option to purchase additional shares of Class A common stock in connection with the IPO at the initial public offering price of per share before underwriting discounts and commissions (the IPO Overallotment Option Exercise ). Core Main received net proceeds of approximately million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions. All of the net proceeds were utilized to purchase newly issued Partnership Interests of Holdings at a price per unit equal to the public offering price per share less underwriting discounts and commissions. In turn, Holdings and Core Main LP utilized the net proceeds of the IPO Overallotment Option Exercise directly or indirectly received from Core Main for general corporate purposes. 
 Secondary Offerings 
 On January 10, 2022, a secondary public offering of shares of Class A common stock on behalf of certain selling stockholders affiliated with Clayton, Dubilier Rice, LLC (the Selling Stockholders was completed at a price to the public of per share (the Fiscal 2021 Secondary Offering . As part of the Fiscal 2021 Secondary Offering, Partnership Interests were exchanged, together with the retirement of a corresponding number of shares of Class B common stock, for an equal number of shares of Class A common stock, which were a portion of the shares sold by the Selling Stockholders. These shares were sold along with an existing shares of Class A common stock held by the Selling Stockholders. 
 On September 19, 2022, a secondary public offering of shares of Class A common stock on behalf of the Selling Stockholders was completed at a price to the public of per share (the Fiscal 2022 Secondary Offering and, together with the Fiscal 2021 Secondary Offering, the Secondary Offerings . As part of the Fiscal 2022 Secondary Offering, Partnership Interests were exchanged, together with the retirement of a corresponding number of shares of Class B common stock, for an equal number of shares of Class A common stock, which were a portion of the shares sold by the Selling Stockholders. These shares were sold along with an existing shares of Class A common stock held by the Selling Stockholders. 
 The Company did not receive any of the proceeds from the Secondary Offerings. The Company paid the costs associated with the sale of shares by the Selling Stockholders in the Secondary Offerings, other than underwriting discounts and commissions. 
 Reorganization Transactions 
 In connection with the IPO, the Company completed the following transactions (collectively the Reorganization Transactions ): 
 the formation of Core Main as a Delaware corporation to function as the direct and indirect parent of Holdings and a publicly traded entity; 
 the amendment and restatement of the limited partnership agreement of Holdings to, among other things first, modify the capital structure of Holdings and second, admit Core Main as the general partner and a limited partner of Holdings; 
 Core Main s acquisition of the Partnership Interests held by certain Former Limited Partners (as defined below) and the issuance of Class A common stock to the Former Limited Partners, pursuant to the mergers of CD R WW Advisor, LLC and CD R WW Holdings, LLC (the Blocker Companies with and into Core Main via merger subsidiaries of Core Main (the Blocker Mergers and 
 entry into a Master Reorganization Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2021 (the Master Reorganization Agreement ), with Holdings, the Continuing Limited Partners (as defined below), the Blocker Companies, CD R Waterworks Holdings GP, CD R Associates X Waterworks, L.P., CD R WW Holdings, L.P., Core Main GP, LLC, CD R Plumb Buyer, LLC, CD R Fund X Advisor Waterworks B, L.P., CD R Fund X Waterworks B1, L.P., CD R Fund X-A Waterworks B, L.P., CD R WW, LLC, Brooks Merger Sub 1, Inc. and Brooks Merger Sub 2, Inc. Pursuant to the Master Reorganization Agreement, the Former Limited Partners received Partnership Interests in exchange for their indirect ownership interests in Holdings and exchanged these Partnership Interests for shares of Class A common stock of Core Main prior to the consummation of the IPO. 
 The Former Limited Partners are defined as CD R Fund X Advisor Waterworks B, L.P., CD R Fund X Waterworks B1, L.P., CD R Fund X-A Waterworks B, L.P. and the other Original Limited Partners (as defined below) that transferred all or a portion of their Partnership Interests (including those held indirectly through the Blocker Companies) for shares of Class A common stock in connection with the Reorganization Transactions and the IPO, and represent entities that transferred all of their Partnership Interests (including Partnership Interests held indirectly through certain blocker corporations) for shares of Class A common stock in connection with the consummation of the Reorganization Transactions. 
 66 

shares of Class A common stock; 
 the Former Limited Partners collectively held shares of Class A common stock; 
 Core Main, directly or indirectly through our wholly-owned subsidiary, held Partnership Interests; and 
 the Continuing Limited Partners collectively held shares of Class A common stock, Partnership Interests and shares of Class B common stock. 
 As the Reorganization Transactions were between entities under common control, the financial statements for the periods prior to the IPO and Reorganization Transactions have been adjusted to combine previously separate entities for presentation purposes. These entities include Core Main, Holdings and its consolidated subsidiaries and the Blocker Companies. Prior to the Reorganization Transactions, Core Main had no operations and the Blocker Companies were holding companies for indirect investments in Holdings. The Blocker Companies had no operations but did receive distributions from Holdings associated with their tax obligations from allocations of Holdings' taxable income. 
 branch locations across the U.S. The nature of the products and services, suppliers, customers and distribution methods are similar across branches. Accordingly, the CODM evaluates the performance of the business and makes management decisions on a consolidated basis. Performance is most notably measured based on Adjusted EBITDA at the consolidated level. The consolidated performance of the Company is utilized to determine incentive compensation for executive officers, annual merit decisions, management of national supplier relationships, allocation of resources and in evaluating acquisitions and the Company's capital structure. 

67 

2) 

million and million at January 29, 2023 and January 30, 2022, respectively. 
 - years 
 Transportation equipment - years 
 Furniture, fixtures and equipment - years 
 Capitalized software - years 

68 

Acquisitions and Goodwill 

million, million and million during fiscal 2022, fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively. Estimates for expected customer incentives, returns and discounts are based on historical experience, anticipated performance and management s judgment. Generally, the Company s contracts do not contain significant financing as the standard sales terms are short term in nature. 
 69 

million, million and million during fiscal 2022, fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively. 

70 

of the tax benefits, if any, that Core Main actually realizes, or in some circumstances is deemed to realize, as a result of (i) certain tax attributes of the Partnership Interests Core Main holds in respect of such Former Limited Partners interest in Core Main, including such attributes which resulted from such Former Limited Partners prior acquisition of ownership interests in Holdings and Core Main's allocable share of existing tax basis acquired in connection with the IPO attributable to the Former Limited Partners and (ii) certain other tax benefits. 
 The Continuing Limited Partners Tax Receivable Agreement provides for the payment by Core Main to the Continuing Limited Partners, or their permitted transferees, of of the benefits, if any, that Core Main realizes, or in some circumstances is deemed to realize, as a result of (i) increases in tax basis or other similar tax benefits as a result of exchanges of Partnership Interests for cash or shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2021 (the Exchange Agreement ), by and among Core Main, Holdings, CD R Waterworks Holdings and Management Feeder, (ii) Core Main s allocable share of existing tax basis acquired in connection with the IPO attributable to the Continuing Limited Partners and in connection with exchanges of Partnership Interests for cash or shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the Exchange Agreement and (iii) Core Main s utilization of certain other tax benefits related to Core Main's entering into the Continuing Limited Partners Tax Receivable Agreement, including tax benefits attributable to payments under the Continuing Limited Partners Tax Receivable Agreement. Core Main expects to obtain an increase in its share of the tax basis in the net assets of Holdings as Partnership Interests are exchanged by Continuing Limited Partners. Core Main intends to treat any exchanges of Partnership Interests as direct purchases of Partnership Interests for U.S. federal income tax purposes. These increases in tax basis may reduce the amounts that it would otherwise pay in the future to various tax authorities. 
 Except to the extent that any benefits are deemed realized, Core Main will receive the full benefit in tax savings from relevant taxing authorities and provide payment of of the amount of any tax benefits to the Former Limited Partners or the Continuing Limited Partners, as applicable, or their permitted transferees. Core Main expects to benefit from the remaining of any cash tax savings, except to the extent of any deemed realizations. For the Tax Receivable Agreements, Core Main assesses the tax attributes to determine if it is more likely than not that the benefit of any deferred tax assets will be realized. Following that assessment, Core Main recognizes a liability under the applicable Tax Receivable Agreements, reflecting approximately of the expected future realization of such tax benefits. Amounts payable under the Tax Receivable Agreements are contingent upon, among other things, (i) generation of sufficient future taxable income during the term of the applicable Tax Receivable Agreements and (ii) future changes in tax laws. 
 Upon an exchange transaction that increases the tax attributes available to Core Main, an increase to deferred tax assets or reduction to deferred tax liabilities is recorded with a corresponding increase to equity. The recognition of the liability under the Tax Receivable Agreement is recorded with a corresponding reduction to equity. Both of these transactions impact equity as they are transactions with shareholders. 
 
 71 

3) 
 Storm drainage products Fire protection products Meter products Total Net Sales 
 
 4) 
 million, subject to working capital adjustments (the Trumbull Acquisition ). Trumbull has locations and distributes a variety of infrastructure products to the waterworks industry. The transaction price was funded with cash on hand. Given the size of the purchase price, a full purchase price allocation has not been presented. The preliminary purchase price allocation include million to net working capital, million to customer relationships and million to goodwill. 
 
 72 

million, subject to working capital adjustments (the Earthsavers Acquisition ). Earthsavers has locations and produces and distributes a variety of geosynthetic materials, including wattles, erosion control blankets and a broad array of geotextile products. The transaction price was funded with cash on hand. Given the size of the purchase price, a full purchase price allocation has not been presented. The preliminary purchase price allocation include million to goodwill, million to net working capital and million to customer relationships. 
 L M Acquisition 
 On August 30, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of certain assets and assumption of certain liabilities of L M Bag Supply Co., Inc. L M in a transaction valued at million, subject to working capital adjustments (the L M Acquisition ). L M is a specialized supplier of geotextile fabrics and geogrids, as well as silt fences, turbidity barriers and safety fences, weed control fabric and sod staples. The transaction price was funded with cash on hand. 
 Pacific Pipe Acquisition 
 On August 9, 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of all of the outstanding shares of Pacific Pipe Company, Inc. Pacific Pipe in a transaction valued at million, subject to working capital adjustments (the Pacific Pipe Acquisition ). Pacific Pipe has branch locations and serves municipalities and contractors in the water, wastewater, storm drainage and irrigation industries throughout Hawaii with a broad product offering. The transaction price was funded with cash on hand. 
 Water Works Supply Co. 
 On August 17, 2020, the Company completed the acquisition of certain assets and assumption of certain liabilities of Water Works Supply Co. WWSC in a transaction valued at approximately million, subject to a working capital adjustment (the WWSC Acquisition ). The transaction price was funded through cash on hand. Given the size of the purchase price, a full purchase price allocation has not been presented. However, significant components of the final purchase price allocation include million to customer relationships, million to net working capital, and million to goodwill. 
 R B Co. 
 On March 11, 2020, the Company completed the acquisition of all of the outstanding shares of R B Co. R B in a transaction valued at million, subject to a working capital adjustment (the R B Acquisition ). The transaction price consisted of million of initial cash consideration, subject to working capital adjustments, and million of contingent consideration to be paid upon satisfaction of certain conditions to either the sellers of R B or certain former R B employees and recognized as compensation expense. During fiscal 2021, the Company settled the R B contingent consideration liability. With the R B Acquisition, the Company added approximately branch locations to the business, which expanded the Company's presence in California and strengthened the Company's ability to offer complementary waterworks products and fusible services. The transaction price was funded with cash on hand. 
 The R B Acquisition included a contingent consideration arrangement of up to million that was payable to the R B sellers if certain R B employees failed to complete a post-acquisition service period. The range of the undiscounted amounts payable by the Company under the contingent consideration agreement was between and million. The fair value of the contingent consideration recognized on the acquisition date of was determined based on the expectation that all former R B employees would be retained during the retention period (a level 3 fair value measurement based on unobservable inputs). 
 Other Acquisitions 
 During fiscal 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of certain assets and liabilities in transactions valued at million, subject to working capital adjustments (the Other 2022 Acquisitions ). Given the lack of significance of these transactions, individually and in the aggregate, a full purchase price allocation has not been presented. However, a substantial portion of the aggregate purchase price was allocated to customer relationships, goodwill and net working capital. 
 During fiscal 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of certain assets and liabilities in transactions valued at million, subject to working capital adjustments (the Other 2021 Acquisitions ). Given the lack of significance of these transactions, individually and in the aggregate, a full purchase price allocation has not been presented. However, a substantial portion of the aggregate purchase price was allocated to customer relationships, goodwill and net working capital. 
 73 

Accounts receivable Inventories Intangible assets Goodwill Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets, current and non-current Total assets acquired Accounts payable Deferred income taxes Operating lease liabilities Other liabilities, current and non-current Net assets acquired 
 Less: Working capital adjustment ) Plus: Cash acquired in acquisition Net assets acquired; investing cash outflow 
 Pro Forma Financial Information 
 The following pro forma information presents a summary of the results of operations for the periods indicated as if the Pacific Pipe and L M acquisitions had been completed as of February 3, 2020 and the R B Acquisition and associated senior notes issuance had been completed as of February 4, 2019. The pro forma financial information is based on the historical financial information for the Company and Pacific Pipe, L M and R B, along with certain pro forma adjustments. These pro forma adjustments consist primarily of: 
 Increased amortization expense related to the intangible assets acquired in the acquisitions; 
 Increased interest expense to reflect the fixed rate notes entered into in connection with the R B Acquisition, including interest and amortization of deferred financing costs; 
 Reclassification of direct acquisition transaction costs, retention bonuses and inventory fair value adjustments from the period incurred to periods these expenses would have been recognized given the assumed transaction dates identified above; 
 The related income tax effects of the aforementioned adjustments and legal entity restructuring performed to effect the R B Acquisition; and 
 The related income tax effects of the aforementioned adjustments to the provision for income taxes for the Blocker Companies. 
 
 74 

Net income 
 As a result of integration of the acquisitions, including the consolidation of certain acquired and existing branches, it is impracticable to identify the explicit financial performance associated with the Pacific Pipe, L M and R B acquisitions. As such, the Company has not presented the post-acquisition net sales and net income for the Pacific Pipe, L M and R B acquisitions. 
 Intangible Assets 
 For each of the acquisitions discussed above, the Company valued intangible assets acquired, which included customer relationships, non-compete agreements, and trademarks. 
 The customer relationship intangible assets represent the value associated with those customer relationships in place at the date of the respective acquisitions. The Company valued the customer relationships using an excess earnings method using various inputs such as customer attrition rate, revenue growth rate, gross margin percentage and discount rate. Cash flows associated with the existing relationships are expected to diminish over time due to customer turnover. The Company reflected this expected diminishing cash flow through the utilization of an annual customer attrition rate assumption and in its method of amortization. 
 The non-compete intangible asset represents the value associated with a non-compete agreement for former executives in place at the date of the respective acquisitions. The trademark intangible asset represents the value associated with the brand names in place at the date of the respective acquisitions. 
 years Pacific Pipe Acquisition Customer relationships years Trademark years N/A R B Acquisition Customer relationships years 
 75 

5) 
 Accumulated Impairment Net Goodwill 
 The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill are as follows: 
 Fiscal Years Ended January 29, 2023 January 30, 2022 Beginning Balance Goodwill acquired during the year Ending balance 
 Goodwill acquired during fiscal 2022 was related to the Trumbull Acquisition, Earthsavers Acquisition and Other 2022 Acquisitions and goodwill acquired during fiscal 2021 related to the Pacific Pipe Acquisition, L M Acquisiton, WWSC Acquisition and Other 2021 Acquisitions, as further discussed in Note 4. 
 During the fiscal 2022 annual goodwill impairment assessment, the Company performed a qualitative assessment. The qualitative assessment included evaluating economic, industry, regulatory and company specific factors that could impact the reporting unit fair value. These factors included historical and projected financial metrics (including net sales, operating cash flow and discount rate trends), public equity market trends and evaluation of the markets the Company serves. Based on the assessment it was determined that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of its reporting unit is less than the carrying value of its reporting unit in fiscal 2022. Therefore, no further assessment was necessary. 
 During the fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020 annual assessments, the Company tested goodwill for impairment by performing a quantitative assessment that compared the fair value of the reporting unit with its carrying value. There was goodwill impairment during fiscal 2022, fiscal 2021 or fiscal 2020. 
 The Company s analyses were based in part on the expectation of future market conditions, future net sales and operating cash flow growth and discount rates that would be used by market participants in an arms-length transaction. Should actual performance or expectations of long-term assumptions be lower than presently expected, the Company s goodwill could be impaired. 
 Intangible Assets 
 Other intangible assets Total 
 
 There were intangible asset impairments during fiscal 2022, fiscal 2021 or fiscal 2020. 
 76 

Fiscal 2024 
 Fiscal 2025 
 Fiscal 2026 
 Fiscal 2027 

6) 
 Long-term debt: Senior ABL Credit Facility due July 2026 Senior Term Loan due July 2028 Total 
 The debt obligations as of January 29, 2023 include the following debt agreements: 
 Senior Term Loan Facility 
 On July 27, 2021, Core Main LP entered into a million Senior Term Loan Facility, which matures on July 27, 2028. The Senior Term Loan Facility requires quarterly principal payments, payable on the last business day of each fiscal quarter in an amount equal to approximately of the original principal amount of the Senior Term Loan Facility. The remaining balance is payable upon final maturity of the Senior Term Loan Facility on July 27, 2028. As of January 29, 2023, the Senior Term Loan Facility bore interest at a rate equal to (i) LIBOR plus, in each case, an applicable margin of or (ii) the base rate, which was the highest of (x) the corporate base rate established by the administrative agent as its prime rate in effect at its principal office in New York City from time to time, (y) the overnight federal funds rate plus per annum and (z) one-month LIBOR (adjusted for maximum reserves) plus per annum, plus, in each case, an applicable margin of . The Senior Term Loan Facility was subject to a LIBOR floor of . The Senior Term Loan Facility allows for an agreement between the Company and the administrative agent to amend the Senior Term Loan Facility to replace LIBOR with a comparable commercially available interest rate. The weighted average interest rate, excluding the effect of the interest rate swap, of Core Main LP s outstanding borrowings under the Senior Term Loan Facility as of January 29, 2023 was . Based on quotes from financial institutions (i.e., level 2 of the fair value hierarchy), the fair value of the Senior Term Loan Facility was million at January 29, 2023. Refer to Note 15 for a description of our February 26, 2023 amendment to the Senior Term Loan Facility to implement a forward-looking rate based on Term SOFR in lieu of LIBOR. 
 Asset-Based Credit Facility 
 On July 29, 2022, Core Main LP amended the terms of the credit agreement governing the senior asset-based revolving credit facility (as amended, the Senior ABL Credit Facility in order to, among other things, increase the aggregate amount of commitments under the asset-based revolving credit facility by million to million overall, subject to borrowing base availability, and implement a rate based on Term SOFR in lieu of LIBOR. The Senior ABL Credit Facility has a maturity date of July 27, 2026. Borrowings under the Senior ABL Credit Facility bear interest at either a Term SOFR rate plus an applicable margin ranging from to , or an alternate base rate plus an applicable margin ranging from to , depending on the borrowing capacity under the Senior ABL Credit Facility. Additionally, Core Main LP pays a fee of on unfunded commitments under the Senior ABL Credit Facility. There were amounts outstanding under the Senior ABL Credit Facility as of January 29, 2023. 
 77 

. No such repayment was required for any of the periods presented. In addition, the Senior ABL Credit Facility requires Core Main LP to comply with a consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio of greater than or equal to when availability under the Senior ABL Credit Facility is less than of the lesser of (i) the then applicable borrowing base or (ii) the then aggregate effective commitments. The Company was in compliance with all debt covenants as of January 29, 2023. 
 Substantially all of Core Main LP s assets are pledged as collateral for the Senior Term Loan Facility and the Senior ABL Credit Facility. 
 Fiscal 2024 
 Fiscal 2025 
 Fiscal 2026 
 Fiscal 2027 
 
 Interest Rate Swaps 
 On February 28, 2018, Core Main LP entered into an instrument pursuant to which it made payments to a third party based upon a fixed interest rate of and received payments based upon the three-month LIBOR rate, based on a million notional amount, which mirrored then outstanding borrowings under the Prior Term Loan Facility. On July 27, 2021, Core Main LP repaid the approximately million outstanding under the Prior Term Loan Facility and settled the interest rate swap.) ) Measurement adjustment (losses) for interest rate swap ) Reclassification of expense to interest expense Loss on debt modification and extinguishment Tax (expense) on interest rate swap adjustments Measurement adjustment (losses) for interest rate swap Reclassification of expense to interest expense ) ) Loss on debt modification and extinguishment End of period balance ) 
 On July 27, 2021, Core Main LP entered into an instrument in which it makes payments to a third-party based upon a fixed interest rate of and receives payments based upon the one-month LIBOR rate, based on notional amounts associated with borrowings under the Senior Term Loan Facility. The measurement period of the interest rate swap commenced on July 27, 2021 with a notional amount of million. The notional amount decreases to million on July 27, 2023, million on July 27, 2024, and million on July 27, 2025 through the instrument maturity on July 27, 2026. This instrument is intended to reduce the Company's exposure to variable interest rates under the Senior Term Loan Facility. As of January 29, 2023, this instrument resulted in an effective fixed rate of , based upon the fixed rate plus an applicable margin of , on million of borrowings under the Senior Term Loan Facility. 
 The fair value of this cash flow interest rate swap was a million and million asset as of January 29, 2023 and January 30, 2022, respectively, which is included within other assets in the Balance Sheet. Fair value is based upon the present value of future cash flows under the terms of the contract and observable market inputs (level 2). Significant inputs used in determining fair value include forward-looking one-month LIBOR rates and the discount rate applied to projected cash flows. 
 78 

Measurement adjustment gain for interest rate swap Reclassification of (income) expense to interest expense ) Tax benefit (expense) on interest rate swap adjustments Measurement adjustment gain for interest rate swap ) ) Reclassification of (income) expense to interest expense ) End of period balance 
 As of January 29, 2023, the Company estimates million of the cash flow interest rate swap gains will be reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income into earnings over the next 12 months. 
 Refer to Note 15 for a description of the amendment to the interest rate swap to receive payments based upon the one-month Term SOFR rate. 
 
 7) 
 State Deferred: Federal ) ) ) State ) ) ) ) ) ) Total 
 79 

to the tax provision for fiscal 2022, fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020 are as follows: 
 Fiscal Years Ended January 29, 2023 January 30, 2022 January 31, 2021 Income taxes at federal statutory rate State income taxes Partnership income not subject to U.S. tax ) ) ) Corporate subsidiary tax Permanent differences Other ) ) Total provision 
 The variations between the Company's estimated effective tax rate and the U.S. and state statutory rates are primarily due to the portion of the Company's earnings attributable to non-controlling interests following the Reorganization Transactions partially offset by certain permanent book-tax differences. 
 Deferred Tax Liabilities: Intangibles ) ) Basis difference in partnership investments ) ) Deferred tax liabilities, net ) ) 
 The Company s operations have resulted in income, and as such, the Company maintains valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets, including tax attributes recognized in connection with the Reorganization Transactions as described below. 
 Tax Receivable Agreements and Reorganization Transactions 
 In connection with the Reorganization Transactions and the IPO, Core Main entered into the Former Limited Partners Tax Receivable Agreement and the Continuing Limited Partners Tax Receivable Agreement. Core Main expects to generate additional tax attributes, associated with future exchanges of Partnership Interests by Continuing Limited Partners, that will reduce amounts that it would otherwise pay in the future to various tax authorities. The Tax Receivable Agreements provide for the payment to either the Former Limited Partners or Continuing Limited Partners, or their permitted transferees, of of the tax benefits realized by the Company, or in some circumstances are deemed to realize. 
 The Company recorded million and million payables to related parties pursuant to the Former Limited Partners Tax Receivable Agreement and the Continuing Limited Partners Tax Receivable Agreement, respectively, as of January 29, 2023. As of January 30, 2022, the Company had recorded million and million payables to related parties pursuant to the Former Limited Partners Tax Receivable Agreement and the Continuing Limited Partners Tax Receivable Agreement, respectively. Payments to the Former Limited Partners are expected to commence in fiscal year 2023 for which million is included within other current liabilities in the Balance Sheet. 
 80 

per share of our Class A common stock (the closing stock price on January 27, 2023), (ii) no material changes in relevant tax law, (iii) a constant corporate tax rate of , which represents a pro forma tax rate that includes a provision for U.S. federal income taxes and assumes the highest statutory rate apportioned to each state and local jurisdiction and (iv) that the Company earns sufficient taxable income in each year to realize on a current basis all tax benefits that are subject to the Continuing Limited Partners Tax Receivable Agreement, the Company would recognize a deferred tax asset (subject to offset with existing deferred tax liabilities) of approximately million and a Continuing Limited Partners Tax Receivable Agreement liability of approximately million, payable to the Continuing Limited Partners over the life of the Continuing Limited Partners Tax Receivable Agreement. The full exchange by the Continuing Limited Partners will also decrease Core Main's aforementioned deferred tax asset associated with its investment in Holdings by million, as Core Main recognizes the deferred tax consequences associated with the non-controlling Partnership Interests being exchanged. These amounts are estimates only and are subject to change. 
 Reorganization Transactions and IPO Deferred Tax Asset 
 Prior to the Reorganization Transactions, the Blocker Companies were holding corporations for indirect investments in Holdings. The Blocker Companies had no operations but did receive distributions from Holdings associated with their tax obligations from allocations of Holdings taxable income. As such, the Blocker Companies' financial statements reflected a deferred tax liability associated with the difference between their financial reporting investment and tax basis in Holdings. In connection with the Blocker Mergers, Core Main assumed the balance sheets of the Blocker Companies. The assumed deferred tax liability was adjusted to reflect the IPO, the IPO Overallotment Option Exercise and subsequent book-tax differences. As of January 29, 2023 and January 30, 2022, the Company had a million and million, respectively, in deferred tax asset associated with the difference between Core Main's financial reporting basis and the tax basis of Core Main s investment in Holdings. 
 Buyer Deferred Tax Liability 
 As referenced in Note 4, on August 9, 2021 and March 11, 2020, the Company completed the acquisitions of all the outstanding shares of Pacific Pipe and R B, respectively, both corporations for income tax purposes. The acquisitions were completed through Core Main Buyer, Inc. Buyer ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Buyer subsequently contributed Pacific Pipe and R B to Core Main LP. As part of the opening balance sheet, Buyer recorded deferred tax liabilities of million and million for Pacific Pipe and R B, respectively, related to the difference between Buyer s financial reporting basis and tax basis of Buyer s investment in Core Main LP. The taxable income that is allocated to Buyer, for its contribution of Pacific Pipe and R B to Core Main LP, is subject to corporate federal and state income tax in substantially all fifty states. As of January 29, 2023 and January 30, 2022, this deferred tax liability was million and million, respectively. 
 Uncertain tax positions 
 Total gross unrecognized tax benefits as of January 29, 2023 and January 30, 2022, as well as activity within each of the years, were material. 
 
 8) 
 
 81 

Fiscal 2024 
 Fiscal 2025 
 Fiscal 2026 
 Fiscal 2027 
 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments Less: present value discount ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 To calculate the present value of the operating lease liabilities, the Company determined its incremental borrowing rate by considering market and company specific factors, including interest rates for borrowings secured by collateral and adjusted for the remaining term of the leased facility, machinery, or vehicle categories. 
 Weighted average discount rate 
 The table below presents cash and non-cash impacts associated with leases: 
 Fiscal Years Ended January 29, 2023 January 30, 2022 January 31, 2021 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurements of lease liabilities Operating cash flows from operating leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities Operating leases 
 The non-cash impact related to right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities in the table above excludes the impact from acquisitions. Right-of-use assets acquired as part of the Pacific Pipe, L M and R B acquisitions are presented in Note 4. 
 
 9) 
 million . These purchase obligations are generally cancellable, but the Company foresees no intent to cancel. P ayment is dependent on lead times from our suppliers, and could be extended due to supply chain disruptions. Payments are generally expected to be made during fiscal 2023 for these obligations. 
 Encumbered Assets 
 As of January 29, 2023, substantially all of the Company s assets were pledged as collateral for the Company s credit facilities. 
 82 

million and million, respectively. 
 Continuing Limited Partners Tax Receivable Agreement 
 Core Main is party to the Continuing Limited Partners Tax Receivable Agreement, which will result in the recognition of deferred tax benefits and liabilities upon the exchange of Partnership Interests, together with the retirement of a corresponding number of shares of the Company s Class B common stock, by the Continuing Limited Partners for shares of Class A common stock of Core Main or cash pursuant to the Exchange Agreement. See further discussion in Note 1 and Note 7. 
 
 10) 
 Supplier rebate receivables Receivables, net of allowance for credit losses 
 Property, Plant and Equipment 
 Buildings and improvements Transportation equipment Furniture, fixtures and equipment Capitalized software Construction in progress Property, plant and equipment Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 83 

Accrued Compensation and Benefits 
 Other compensation and benefits Accrued compensation and benefits 
 
 11) 
 
 Issuance of Partnership Interests ) Exchange of Partnership Interests ) ) Vesting of Partnership Interests ) Balances at January 30, 2022 
 Issuance of Partnership Interests Exchange of Partnership Interests ) ) ) Forfeiture of Partnership Interests ) ) Vesting of Partnership Interests ) Balances at January 29, 2023 
 
 84 

12) 
 preferred dividends and shares of preferred stock outstanding for the period. 
 The diluted net earnings per share calculation includes the basic weighted average number of shares of Class A common stock outstanding plus the dilutive impact of potential outstanding shares of Class A common stock that would be issued upon exchange of Partnership Interests, together with the retirement of a corresponding number of shares of Class B common stock, under the if-converted method, if dilutive. The treasury stock method is applied to outstanding awards, including unvested Partnership Interests and outstanding stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units and stock options. 
 Net income attributable to non-controlling interests Net income available to Class A common stock Weighted average shares outstanding Net income per share Diluted earnings per share: Net income available to common shareholders - basic Increase to net income attributable to dilutive instruments Net income available to common shareholders - diluted Weighted average shares outstanding - basic Incremental shares of common stock attributable to dilutive instruments Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted Net income per share - diluted 
 
 13) 
 85 

Forfeitures ) Exchanged ) Outstanding as of January 29, 2023 

Vested ) Forfeitures ) Unvested as of January 29, 2023 
 
 The estimated fair value of the profits units when granted was amortized to expense over the vesting period. Dividend yield Expected volatility factor Discount for lack of marketability Expected life in years Weighted-average fair value 
 
 Stock Appreciation Rights 
 Exchanged ) Outstanding as of January 29, 2023 
 Exercisable as of January 29, 2023 
 86 

Dividend yield Expected volatility factor Discount for lack of marketability Expected life in years Weighted-average fair value 
 The risk free interest rate was determined based on an analysis of U.S. Treasury zero-coupon market yields as of the date of the unit appreciation rights grant for issues having expiration lives similar to the expected life of the unit appreciation rights. The expected volatility was based on an analysis of the historical volatility of a peer group over the expected life of the unit appreciation rights. As insufficient data exists to determine the historical life of the unit appreciation rights, the expected life was determined based on the Company s estimate of when a liquidity event may occur based on market conditions and prior investments of CD R. 
 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 In July 2021, in connection with the IPO, Core Main s sole stockholder approved and Core Main s board of directors adopted the 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the Omnibus Incentive Plan ). Under the Omnibus Incentive Plan, shares of Class A common stock, plus shares of Class A common stock in respect of stock appreciation rights that were converted from unit appreciation rights of Holdings outstanding prior to the IPO, are reserved and available for future issuance. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 Granted Distributed ) Forfeited ) Outstanding and Unvested as of January 29, 2023 
 
 The restricted stock units generally vest over a period. The estimated fair value of the restricted stock units when granted was amortized over the vesting period. The grant date fair value of RSUs was determined based on the price of the Company s Class A common stock on the grant date. 
 Stock Options 
 Granted Forfeitures ) Outstanding as of January 29, 2023 
 Exercisable as of January 29, 2023 
 87 

period and expire after . The estimated grant-date fair value of stock options when granted was amortized to expense over the vesting period. The fair value for these stock options was estimated by management, after considering a third-party valuation specialist s assessment, at the date of grant based on the expected life of the stock options, using a Black-Scholes pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions: 
 January 29, 2023 Risk-free interest rate Dividend yield Expected volatility factor Expected life in years Weighted-average fair value 
 The risk free interest rate was determined based on an analysis of U.S. Treasury zero-coupon market yields as of the date of the stock options grant for issues having expiration lives similar to the expected life of the stock options. The expected volatility was based on an analysis of the historical volatility of a peer group over the expected life of the stock options. The expected term in years for each stock option was calculated using a simplified method based on the average of each option s vesting term of three years and contractual term of years. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 In July 2021, Core Main s sole stockholder approved and Core Main s board of directors adopted the Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP ). Under the ESPP, shares of Class A common stock are reserved and available for future purchase. For fiscal 2022, thousand shares of Class A common shares were purchased under the ESPP at a weighted-average price of per share, resulting in cash proceeds of approximately million. 
 Compensation Expense 
 The Company evaluated the conversions of the profits units and unit appreciation rights as part of the Reorganization Transactions and concluded that each represented an accounting modification of the original awards. As such, the Company is required to recognize the incremental fair value immediately after each modification compared with immediately before as additional compensation expense. Incremental compensation expense for awards that were vested as of the Reorganization Transactions were recognized immediately and expense for unvested awards will be recognized over the remaining service period. The Company recognized compensation expense of million, million and million during fiscal 2022, fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively. As of January 29, 2023, the unrecognized share based compensation was million which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 Employee Benefit Plans 
 The Company offers a comprehensive Health Welfare Benefits Program (the Program which allows employees who satisfy certain eligibility requirements to choose among different levels and types of coverage. The Program provides employees healthcare coverage in which the employer and employee share costs. In addition, the Program offers employees the opportunity to participate in various voluntary coverages, including flexible spending accounts and health savings accounts. The Company maintains a 401(k) defined contribution plan that is qualified under Sections 401(a) and 501(a) of the Internal Revenue Code. Employees of the Company who satisfy the plan s eligibility requirements may elect to contribute a portion of their compensation to the plan on a pre-tax basis. The Company may match a percentage of the employees contributions to the plan based on eligible compensation deferred. Matching contributions are generally made shortly after the end of each pay period. The Company recorded expenses of million, million and million related to matching contributions during fiscal 2022, fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, respectively. 
 
 14) 
 million, million and million of purchases of product, respectively, from affiliates of Clayton, Dubilier Rice, LLC CD R ), including other companies invested in by funds affiliated with or managed by CD R (the CD R Funds ). There were amounts payable to affiliates of CD R at January 29, 2023 and January 30, 2022. During fiscal 2022, fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, the Company had million, million and million in sales to affiliates of CD R, respectively. There were million and amounts receivable from affiliates of CD R at January 29, 2023 and January 30, 2022. 
 88 

million recorded within additional paid in capital related to distributions in excess of shareholders pro rata share. Core Main expects to cause Holdings to make distributions to its partners in such a manner as generally to limit increases to the number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued or cash to be paid to exchanging Continuing Limited Partners in connection with the adjustment described in the preceding sentence. 
 
 15) 
 credit spread adjustment. In addition, in February 2023, the Company amended the terms of the related interest rate swap to adjust the fixed interest rate to and receive payments based upon the one-month Term SOFR rate, based on notional amounts associated with borrowings under the Senior Term Loan Facility. There were no changes to the principal balances or maturity dates of these debt instruments. The amendments to the Senior Term Loan Facility and related interest rate swap are related to the replacement of the reference rate and perform related spread adjustments to effect the transition for reference rate reform. Therefore, these amendments are subject to the practical expedients in ASU 2020-04. 
 89 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our periodic and current reports under the Exchange Act that we file with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer), as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer), evaluated, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) concluded that, as of January 29, 2023, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. As of January 29, 2023, management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based upon the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013). Based on management s assessment utilizing these criteria, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, as of January 29, 2023, has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in its report, which is included in Part II, Item 8: Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, believes that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and are effective at the reasonable assurance level. However, our management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction that Prevent Inspections 
 None. 
 90 

Part III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Certain information with respect to this Item will be set forth in the definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the 2023 Proxy Statement ), which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after January 29, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 Certain information with respect to this Item will be set forth in our 2023 Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after January 29, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Certain information with respect to this Item will be set forth in our 2023 Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after January 29, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Certain information with respect to this Item will be set forth in our 2023 Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after January 29, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 Certain information with respect to this Item will be set forth in our 2023 Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after January 29, 2023 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 91 

Part IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 1. Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Our consolidated financial statements are included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 Schedule I 
 Condensed Financial Information of Parent: 
 Condensed Balance Sheet as of January 29, 2023 and January 30, 2022 
 Condensed Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Fiscal Year Ended January 29, 2023 and period from April 9, 2021 to January 30, 2022 
 Condensed Statement of Cash Flows for the Fiscal Year Ended January 29, 2023 and period from April 9, 2021 to January 30, 2022 
 Schedule II 
 Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves for the fiscal years ended January 29, 2023, January 30, 2022 and January 31, 2021 
 Schedule I and II should be read in conjunction with the aforementioned consolidated financial statements. Certain schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable or because the required data is shown in the aforementioned consolidated financial statements. 

92 

Total current assets Investment in subsidiaries Goodwill Deferred tax asset Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accrued income taxes Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Payable to related parties pursuant to Tax Receivable Agreements Total liabilities Class A common stock, par value per share, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of January 29, 2023 and January 30, 2022, respectively 
 Class B common stock, par value per share, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of January 29, 2023 and January 30, 2022, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See Notes to Condensed Financial Statements. 
 Income before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Net interest rate swap gain, net of tax (expense) of ) and ) 
 Comprehensive income 
 See Notes to Condensed Financial Statements. 
 93 

Cash Flows From Investing Activities: Investment in subsidiary ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash Flows From Financing Activities: IPO proceeds, net of underwriting discounts and commissions Offering proceeds from underwriters option, net of underwriting discounts and commissions Payments for offering costs ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock from employee equity plans 1 Net cash provided by financing activities Change in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the period Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period Cash paid for taxes 
 See Notes to Condensed Financial Statements. 
 Notes to Parent Company Only Condensed Financial Statements 
 1) BASIS OF PRESENTATION 
 The parent company financial statements are intended to present the condensed financial information of Core Main, Inc. that was formed on April 9, 2021, as described in Basis of Presentation Description of Business under Part II, Item 8 of this report Note 1 ). As the parent company did not exist prior to April 9, 2021, no parent company information has been presented prior to this date. The parent company condensed financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto included in Part II, Item 8 of this report . For purposes of the parent company s condensed financial information, the Company s majority owned subsidiary is recorded based upon its proportionate share of the subsidiary s net assets (similar to presenting them on the equity method). 
 Initial Public Offering 
 On July 27, 2021, Core Main, Inc. completed its initial public offering of shares of Class A common stock at a price to the public of per share. On August 20, 2021, Core Main, Inc. issued shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the full exercise of the underwriters option to purchase additional shares of Class A common stock at the initial public offering price of per share. On January 10, 2022, a secondary public offering of shares of Class A common stock by certain selling stockholders affiliated with Clayton, Dubilier Rice, LLC was completed at a price to the public of per share. On September 19, 2022, a secondary public offering of shares of Class A common stock by certain s elling stockholders affiliated with Clayton, Dubilier Rice, LLC was completed at a price to the public of per share. See Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 2) INCOME TAXES 
 See Income Taxes under Part II, Item 8 of this report Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements, included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on the income tax provision of Core Main, Inc. and the Tax Receivable Agreements. 
 94 

Fiscal Year Ended January 30, 2022 Allowance for credit losses Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 2021 Allowance for credit losses 
 (1) Consists of uncollectible accounts written off, net of recoveries. 

95 

3. Exhibits 
 (b) The documents listed in the Exhibit Index of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are filed, furnished, or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, in each case as indicated therein (numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K). Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 
 2.1 Master Reorganization Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2021, by and among Core Main, Inc., CD R Associates X Waterworks, L.P., CD R Waterworks Holdings GP, Ltd., CD R WW Holdings, L.P., CD R Waterworks Holdings, L.P., Core Main Management Feeder, LLC, Core Main GP, LLC, CD R Plumb Buyer, LLC, Core Main Holdings, LP, CD R Fund X Waterworks B1, L.P., CD R Fund X-A Waterworks B, L.P., CD R Fund X Advisor Waterworks B, L.P., CD R WW Holdings, LLC, CD R WW, LLC, CD R WW Advisor, LLC, Brooks Merger Sub 1, Inc., Brooks Merger Sub 2, Inc. and CD R Waterworks Holdings, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Core Main s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 28, 2021). 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Core Main, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Core Main s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 28, 2021). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated By-laws of Core Main, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Core Main s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 28, 2021). 
 4.1 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Core Main s Annual Report on Form 10-K fo r the fiscal year ended January 30, 2022 File No. 00 1-40650)). 
 10.1.1 Credit Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2017, by and among Core Main LP, as borrower, Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the other financial institutions and lenders from time to time party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1.1 to Core Main s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on May 21, 2021 (File No. 333-256382)). 
 10.1.2 Amendment No. 1 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of July 8, 2019, by and among Core Main LP, as borrower, Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the other financial institutions and lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1.2 to Core Main s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on May 21, 2021 (File No. 333-256382)). 
 10.1.3 Amendment No. 2 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of May 4, 2020, by and among Core Main LP, as borrower, Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the other financial institutions and lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1.3 to Core Main s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on May 21, 2021 (File No. 333-256382)). 
 10.1.4 Amendment No. 3 to the ABL Credit Agreement, dated as of July 27, 2021, by and among Core Main LP, the several banks and other financial institutions party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Core Main s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 28, 2021). 
 10.1.5 Amendment No. 4 to the Credit Agreement, dated as of July 29, 2022, by and among Core Main, LP, the several banks and other financial institutions party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Core Main s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 1, 2022 (File No. 001-40650)). 
 10.1.6 Credit Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2017, by and among Core Main LP, as borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the other financial institutions and lenders from time to time party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1.5 to Core Main s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on May 21, 2021 (File No. 333-256382)). 
 10.1.7 Lender Joinder Agreement, dated as of July 8, 2019, by and among Core Main LP, as borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the additional lender party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1.6 to Core Main s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on May 21, 2021 (File No. 333-256382)). 
 10.1.8 First Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated as of July 27, 2021, by and among Core Main LP, the several banks and other financial institutions party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Core Main s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 28, 2021). 
 10.1.9 Second Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated as of February 26, 2023, by and among Core Main LP, the several banks and financial institutions party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent. 
 
 96 

10.2 Stockholders Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2021, by and among Core Main, Inc., CD R Waterworks Holdings, LLC, CD R Fund X Advisor Waterworks B, L.P., CD R Fund X Waterworks B1, L.P., and CD R Fund X-A Waterworks B, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Core Main s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 28, 2021). 
 10.3 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of July 27, 2021, by and among Core Main, Inc., CD R Waterworks Holdings, LLC, CD R Fund X Advisor Waterworks B, L.P., CD R Fund X Waterworks B1, L.P. and CD R Fund X-A Waterworks B, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Core Main s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 28, 2021). 
 10.4 Exchange Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2021 by and among Core Main, Inc., Core Main Holdings, LP, CD R Waterworks Holdings, LLC and Core Main Management Feeder, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Core Main s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 28, 2021). 
 10.5 Amendment to the Exchange Agreement, dated as of January 3, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Core Main s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on January 3, 2022 (File No. 333-261978)). 
 10.6 Former Limited Partners Tax Receivable Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2021, by and among Core Main, Inc., Core Main Holdings, LP, CD R Fund X Advisor Waterworks B, L.P., CD R Fund X Waterworks B1, L.P. and CD R Fund X-A Waterworks B, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Core Main s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 28, 2021). 
 10.7 Continuing Limited Partners Tax Receivable Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2021, by and among Core Main, Inc., Core Main Holdings, LP, CD R Waterworks Holdings, LLC, and Core Main Management Feeder, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Core Main s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 28, 2021). 
 10.8 Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Core Main Holdings, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Core Main s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on July 28, 2021). 
 10.9 Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into between Core Main, Inc. and each of its directors and executive officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Core Main s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on July 6, 2021 (File No. 333-256382)). 
 10.10 Indemnification Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2017, among Core Main Holdings, LP, Core Main LP, CD R and the other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Core Main s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on May 21, 2021 (File No. 333-256382)). 
 10.11 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of March 9, 2018, by and between Core Main LP and Stephen O. LeClair (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Core Main s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on May 21, 2021 (File No. 333-256382)). 
 10.12 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of February 9, 2018, by and between Core Main LP and Mark R. Witkowski (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Core Main s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on May 21, 2021 (File No. 333-256382)). 
 10.13 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of February 9, 2018, by and between Core Main LP and Laura K. Schneider (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Core Main s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on May 21, 2021 (File No. 333-256382)). 
 10.14 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of February 9, 2018, by and between Core Main LP and Bradford A. Cowles (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Core Main s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on May 21, 2021 (File No. 333-256382)). 
 10.15 
 Amended and Restated Core Main Holdings, LP Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Core Main s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on July 6, 2021 (File No. 333-256382)). 
 10.16 
 Form of Executive Common Unit and Profits Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Core Main s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on July 6, 2021 (File No. 333-256382)). 
 10.17 
 Form of Core Main, Inc. Board Compensation Letter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Core Main s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on July 6, 2021 (File No. 333-256382)). 
 10.18 
 Core Main, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Core Main s Registration Statement on Form S-8, filed on July 23, 2021 (File No. 333-258128)). 
 10.19 
 Core Main, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Core Main s Registration Statement on Form S-8, filed on July 23, 2021 (File No. 333-258128)). 
 
 97 

10.20 Amendment No. 1 to the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Core Main Holdings, LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Core Main s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended May 1, 2022 (File No. 001-40650)). 
 10.21 Employment Agreement, dated as of February 9, 2018 by and between Core Main LP and Mark G. Whittenburg (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to Core Main s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended May 1, 2022 (File No. 001-40650)). 
 10.22 Form of Employee RSU Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Core Main s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended July 31, 2022 (File No. 001-40650)). 
 10.23 Form of Employee Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Core Main s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended July 31, 2022 (File No. 001-40650)). 
 10.24 Form of Director RSU Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Core Main s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended October 30, 2022 (File No. 001-40650)). 
 10.25 Form of Employee RSU Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Core Main s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended October 30, 2022 (File No. 001-40650)). 
 10.26 Form of Employee Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Core Main s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended October 30, 2022 (File No. 001-40650)). 
 10.27 Amendment No. 2 and Waiver to the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Core Main Holdings, LP. 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of Core Main, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to Core Main s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on July 6, 2021 (File No. 333-256382)). 
 23.1 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP in respect of Core Main, Inc. s financial statements. 
 31.1 
 Certification by Stephen O. LeClair, Core Main s Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 
 Certification by Mark R. Witkowski, Core Main s Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 
 Certification by Stephen O. LeClair, Core Main s Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 
 Certification by Mark R. Witkowski, Core Main s Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 

Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 
 Identifies each management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 98 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Date: March 28, 2023 
 CORE MAIN, INC. By: /s/ Stephen O. LeClair Name: Stephen O. LeClair Title: Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) By: /s/ Mark R. Witkowski Name: Mark R. Witkowski Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) By: /s/ John W. Stephens Name: John W. Stephens Title: Vice President, Corporate Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) By: /s/ James G. Berges Name: James G. Berges Title: Chair of the Board By: /s/ Bhavani Amirthalingam Name: Bhavani Amirthalingam Title: Director By: /s/ Robert M. Buck Name: Robert M. Buck Title: Director By: /s/ James G. Castellano Name: James G. Castellano Title: Director By: /s/ Dennis G. Gipson Name: Dennis G. Gipson Title: Director By: /s/ Orvin T. Kimbrough Name: Orvin T. Kimbrough Title: Director By: /s/ Kathleen M. Mazzarella Name: Kathleen M. Mazzarella Title: Director By: /s/ Margaret M. Newman Name: Margaret M. Newman Title: Director By: /s/ Ian A. Rorick Name: Ian A. Rorick Title: Director By: /s/ Nathan K. Sleeper Name: Nathan K. Sleeper Title: Director By: /s/ Jonathan L. Zrebiec Name: Jonathan L. Zrebiec Title: Director 
 99 

<EX-10.1 9>
 2
 coremainex1019q42022.htm
 EX-10.1 9

EX-10.1.9 

Exhibit 10.1.9 
 EXECUTION VERSION 
 SECOND AMENDMENT 
 SECOND AMENDMENT (this Second Amendment ), dated as of February 26, 2023, among CORE MAIN
LP, a Florida limited partnership (the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (as defined below). W I 
 T N E S S E T H : WHEREAS, the Borrower is party to that certain
Credit Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2017 (as amended supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the Second Amendment Effective Date (as defined in Section 3(a) hereof), the Credit
Agreement ), among the Borrower, the several banks and other financial institutions from time to time party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent and
collateral agent (in such capacity, the Collateral Agent WHEREAS, pursuant to and in accordance with
 Subsection 11.1(d)(viii) of the Credit Agreement, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall be permitted to amend, supplement, waive or otherwise modify the Credit Agreement to implement any changes contemplated by the definition of
 LIBOR Rate in Subsection 1.1 of the Credit Agreement; and WHEREAS, pursuant to and in accordance with
 Subsection 11.1(d)(viii) of the Credit Agreement, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower agree to amend the Credit Agreement (as so amended, the Amended Credit Agreement as set forth in Section 2 hereto.
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto hereby agree as follows: SECTION 1. Defined
Terms . Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement. 
 SECTION 2. Amendments to the Credit Agreement . 
 (a) The Credit Agreement is hereby amended to delete the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following
example: stricken text and to add the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the
following example: double-underlined text as set forth in
the pages of the Amended Credit Agreement attached as Exhibit A hereto, which such Amended Credit Agreement shall supersede the Credit Agreement. 
 (b) Pursuant to Subsection 11.2(a) of the Credit Agreement, the Borrower hereby notifies the Administrative Agent and
the other the respective parties to the Credit Agreement and any future holders of the Loans of changes to its notice address as follows: 
 Core Main LP 
 1830 Craig Park Court 
 St. Louis, MO 63146 
 Attention: Mark R. Witkowski and Robyn Bradbury 
 Facsimile: (314) 432-2550 
 Telephone: (314) 432-4700 
 Email: Mark.Witkowski@coreandmain.com 
 Robyn.Bradbury@coreandmain.com 

SECTION 3. Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness .
 Section 2 of this Second Amendment shall become effective on the date (the Second Amendment Effective Date on which the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall have executed the Second Amendment. 
 SECTION 4. Effect of Amendment . Except as expressly set forth herein, this Second Amendment i shall not
by implication or otherwise limit, impair, constitute a waiver of or otherwise affect the rights and remedies of the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or the Loan Parties under the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document,
and ii shall not alter, modify, amend or in any way affect any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Credit Agreement or any other provision of the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document.
Each and every term, condition, obligation, covenant and agreement contained in the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document is hereby ratified and re-affirmed in all respects and shall continue in full force and effect and nothing herein can or
may be construed as a novation thereof. This Second Amendment shall constitute a Loan Document for purposes of the Credit Agreement and from and after the Second Amendment Effective Date, all references to the Credit Agreement in any Loan Document
and all references in the Credit Agreement to this Agreement, hereunder, hereof or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement, shall, unless expressly provided otherwise, refer to the Credit Agreement
as amended by this Second Amendment. SECTION 5. Expenses . The Borrower agrees to pay or reimburse the
Administrative Agent in accordance with Subsection 11.5 of the Credit Agreement for 1 all of its reasonable and documented and invoiced out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Second Amendment, any other
documents prepared in connection herewith and the transactions contemplated hereby, and 2 the reasonable and documented and invoiced fees and disbursements of Simpson Thacher Bartlett LLP, as counsel to the Administrative
Agent (and, for the avoidance of doubt, not of counsel to any other Lender). SECTION 6. Counterparts . This Second
Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute one agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Second Amendment by
facsimile transmission, email or other electronic transmission e.g. , a pdf , tiff or DocuSign) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. For purposes hereof, the words
 execution, execute, executed, signed, signature and words of like import shall be deemed to include electronic signatures, the electronic matching of assignment terms and contract
formulations on electronic platforms, or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the
case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on
the Uniform Electronic Transaction Act. 
 2 

SECTION 7. Governing Law . THIS SECOND AMENDMENT AND THE RIGHTS AND
OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS SECOND AMENDMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ITS PRINCIPLES OR RULES OF CONFLICT OF LAWS TO THE EXTENT SUCH
PRINCIPLES OR RULES ARE NOT MANDATORILY APPLICABLE BY STATUTE AND WOULD REQUIRE OR PERMIT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION. 
 SECTION 8. Headings . The headings of this Second Amendment are for purposes of reference only and shall not limit or
otherwise affect the meaning hereof. [ Remainder of page intentionally left blank .] 
 3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Second Amendment to
be duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written. 

CORE MAIN LP 

By: 
 
 /s/ Mark R. Witkowski 
 
 Name: 
 
 Mark R. Witkowski 
 
 Title: 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

[Core Main -
Signature Page to Second Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement] 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 
 as Administrative Agent 

By: 
 
 /s/ James Shender 
 
 Name: 
 
 James Shender 
 
 Title: 
 
 Executive Director 

[Core Main -
Signature Page to Second Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement] 

Exhibit A 
 Credit Agreement 

Execution
Version EXECUTION VERSION 
 1,075,000,000 TERM LOAN CREDIT
AGREEMENT among CD R
WATERWORKS MERGER SUB, LLC, to be merged with and into 
 HD SUPPLY WATERWORKS, LTD., as
Borrower, THE LENDERS FROM
TIME TO TIME PARTY HERETO, and 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as
Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER SMITH INCORPORATED, 
 CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC., 
 BARCLAYS BANK PLC, CREDIT SUISSE
SECURITIES (USA) LLC, DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC., 
 ROYAL BANK OF CANADA, GOLDMAN
SACHS BANK USA, NATIXIS, NEW YORK BRANCH AND 
 NOMURA SECURITIES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 as Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners 
 dated as of August 1, 2017 

Table of Contents 

Page 

SECTION 1 

Definitions 

1.1 
 
 Defined Terms 

1 

1.2 
 
 Other Definitional and Interpretive Provisions 

94 

SECTION 2 

Amount and Terms of Commitments 

2.1 
 
 Initial Term Loans 

98 

2.2 
 
 Notes 

100 

2.3 
 
 Procedure for Initial Term Loan Borrowing 

101 

2.4 
 
 [Reserved] 

101 

2.5 
 
 Repayment of Loans 

101 

2.6 
 
 [Reserved] 

102 

2.7 
 
 [Reserved] 

102 

2.8 
 
 Incremental Facilities 

102 

2.9 
 
 Permitted Debt Exchanges 

105 

2.10 
 
 Extension of Term Loans 

106 

2.11 
 
 Specified Refinancing Facilities 

110 

SECTION 3 

[Reserved] 

SECTION 4 

General Provisions Applicable to Loans 

4.1 
 
 Interest Rates and Payment Dates 

112 

4.2 
 
 Conversion and Continuation Options 

113 

4.3 
 
 Minimum Amounts; Maximum Sets 

113 

4.4 
 
 Optional and Mandatory Prepayments 

114 

4.5 
 
 Administrative Agent s Fee; Other Fees 

126 

4.6 
 
 Computation of Interest and Fees 

127 

4.7 
 
 Inability to Determine Interest Rate 

128 

4.8 
 
 Pro Rata Treatment and Payments 

129 

4.9 
 
 Illegality 

130 

4.10 
 
 Requirements of Law 

130 

4.11 
 
 Taxes 

132 

4.12 
 
 Indemnity 

138 

4.13 
 
 Certain Rules Relating to the Payment of Additional Amounts 

138 

4.14 
 
 Defaulting Lender 

140 
 
 (i) 

Table of Contents 
 (continued) 

Page 

SECTION 5 

Representations and Warranties 

5.1 
 
 Financial Condition 

141 

5.2 
 
 No Change; Solvent 

141 

5.3 
 
 Corporate Existence; Compliance with Law 

142 

5.4 
 
 Corporate Power; Authorization; Enforceable Obligations 

142 

5.5 
 
 No Legal Bar 

142 

5.6 
 
 No Material Litigation 

143 

5.7 
 
 No Default 

143 

5.8 
 
 Ownership of Property; Liens 

143 

5.9 
 
 Intellectual Property 

143 

5.10 
 
 Taxes 

143 

5.11 
 
 Federal Regulations 

144 

5.12 
 
 ERISA 

144 

5.13 
 
 Collateral 

145 

5.14 
 
 Investment Company Act; Other Regulations 

145 

5.15 
 
 Subsidiaries 

145 

5.16 
 
 Purpose of Loans 

145 

5.17 
 
 Environmental Matters 

146 

5.18 
 
 No Material Misstatements 

147 

5.19 
 
 Labor Matters 

147 

5.20 
 
 Insurance 

147 

5.21 
 
 Anti-Terrorism 

147 

SECTION 6 

Conditions Precedent 

6.1 
 
 Conditions to Initial Extension of Credit 

148 

SECTION 7 

Affirmative Covenants 

7.1 
 
 Financial Statements 

152 

7.2 
 
 Certificates; Other Information 

154 

7.3 
 
 Payment of Taxes 

155 

7.4 
 
 Conduct of Business and Maintenance of Existence; Compliance with Contractual Obligations and
Requirements of Law 

156 

7.5 
 
 Maintenance of Property; Insurance 

156 

7.6 
 
 Inspection of Property; Books and Records; Discussions 

157 
 
 (ii) 

Table of Contents 
 (continued) 

Page 

7.7 
 
 Notices 

157 

7.8 
 
 Environmental Laws 

158 

7.9 
 
 After-Acquired Real Property and Fixtures; Subsidiaries 

159 

7.10 
 
 Use of Proceeds 

161 

7.11 
 
 Commercially Reasonable Efforts to Maintain Ratings 

161 

7.12 
 
 Accounting Changes 

161 

7.13 
 
 Post-Closing Security Perfection 

162 

SECTION 8 

Negative Covenants 

8.1 
 
 Limitation on Indebtedness 

162 

8.2 
 
 Limitation on Restricted Payments 

169 

8.3 
 
 Limitation on Restrictive Agreements 

175 

8.4 
 
 Limitation on Sales of Assets and Subsidiary Stock 

177 

8.5 
 
 Limitations on Transactions with Affiliates 

181 

8.6 
 
 Limitation on Liens 

183 

8.7 
 
 Limitation on Fundamental Changes 

183 

8.8 
 
 Change of Control; Limitation on Amendments 

185 

8.9 
 
 Limitation on Lines of Business 

186 

SECTION 9 

Events of Default 

9.1 
 
 Events of Default 

186 

9.2 
 
 Remedies Upon an Event of Default 

190 

SECTION 10 

The Agents and the Other Representatives 

10.1 
 
 Appointment 

190 

10.2 
 
 The Administrative Agent and Affiliates 

191 

10.3 
 
 Action by an Agent 

191 

10.4 
 
 Exculpatory Provisions 

191 

10.5 
 
 Acknowledgement and Representations by Lenders 

193 

10.6 
 
 Indemnity; Reimbursement by Lenders 

194 

10.7 
 
 Right to Request and Act on Instructions 

195 

10.8 
 
 Collateral Matters 

196 

10.9 
 
 Successor Agent 

199 

10.10 
 
 [Reserved] 

199 

10.11 
 
 Withholding Tax 

199 

10.12 
 
 Other Representatives 

200 
 
 (iii) 

Table of Contents 
 (continued) 

Page 

10.13 
 
 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim 

200 

10.14 
 
 Application of Proceeds 

201 

10.15 
 
 Certain ERISA Matters 

201 

SECTION 11 

Miscellaneous 

11.1 
 
 Amendments and Waivers 

203 

11.2 
 
 Notices 

209 

11.3 
 
 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies 

211 

11.4 
 
 Survival of Representations and Warranties 

211 

11.5 
 
 Payment of Expenses and Taxes 

212 

11.6 
 
 Successors and Assigns; Participations and Assignments 

213 

11.7 
 
 Adjustments; Set-off; Calculations; Computations 

226 

11.8 
 
 Judgment 

226 

11.9 
 
 Counterparts 

227 

11.10 
 
 Severability 

227 

11.11 
 
 Integration 

227 

11.12 
 
 Governing Law 

227 

11.13 
 
 Submission to Jurisdiction; Waivers 

228 

11.14 
 
 Acknowledgements 

228 

11.15 
 
 Waiver of Jury Trial 

229 

11.16 
 
 Confidentiality 

229 

11.17 
 
 Incremental Indebtedness; Additional Indebtedness 

230 

11.18 
 
 USA PATRIOT Act Notice 

231 

11.19 
 
 Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents 

231 

11.20 
 
 Reinstatement 

231 

11.21 
 
 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 

231 

11.22 
 
 [Reserved] 

232 

11.23 
 
 Recognition of U.S. Special Resolution Regime 

232 

(iv) 

SCHEDULES 

A 

Commitments and Addresses 
 
 1.1(a) 

Existing Investments 
 
 1.1(b) 

Existing Liens 
 
 5.4 

Consents Required 
 
 5.6 

Litigation 
 
 5.9 

Intellectual Property Claims 
 
 5.15 

Subsidiaries 
 
 5.17 

Environmental Matters 
 
 5.20 

Insurance 
 
 7.2 

Website Address for Electronic Financial Reporting 
 
 7.13 

Post-Closing Collateral Requirements 
 
 8.1 

Existing Indebtedness 
 
 8.5 

Affiliate Transactions 

EXHIBITS 

A 

Form of Term Loan Note 
 
 B 

Form of Guarantee and Collateral Agreement 
 
 C 

[Reserved] 
 
 D 

Form of U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate 
 
 E 

Form of Assignment and Acceptance 
 
 F 

Form of Secretary s Certificate 
 
 G 

Form of Officer s Certificate 
 
 H 

Form of Solvency Certificate 
 
 I-1 

Form of Increase Supplement 
 
 I-2 

Form of Lender Joinder Agreement 
 
 J-1 

Form of ABL/Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement 
 
 J-2 

Form of Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement 
 
 K 

Form of Affiliated Lender Assignment and Assumption 
 
 L 

[Reserved] 
 
 M 

[Reserved] 
 
 N 

Form of Acceptance and Prepayment Notice 
 
 O 

Form of Discount Range Prepayment Notice 
 
 P 

Form of Discount Range Prepayment Offer 
 
 Q 

Form of Solicited Discounted Prepayment Notice 
 
 R 

Form of Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offer 
 
 S 

Form of Specified Discount Prepayment Notice 
 
 T 

Form of Specified Discount Prepayment Response 
 
 U 

Form of Compliance Certificate 
 
 V 

Form of Tax Sharing Agreement 
 
 (v) 

TERM LOAN CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of August 1, 2017, among CD R
WATERWORKS MERGER SUB, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (prior to the Waterworks Merger and as further defined in Subsection 1.1 , Passthrough Mergersub , and as further defined in Subsection 1.1 , the
 Borrower ), the several banks and other financial institutions from time to time party hereto (as further defined in Subsection 1.1 , the Lenders and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as administrative agent (in
such capacity and as further defined in Subsection 1.1 , the Administrative Agent for the Lenders hereunder and as collateral agent (in such capacity and as further defined in Subsection 1.1 , the Collateral
Agent for the Secured Parties (as defined in Subsection 1.1 ). W I T N E S 
 S E T H : WHEREAS, to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Plumb Acquisition
Agreement, the Borrower will A enter into this Agreement to borrow Initial Term Loans in an aggregate principal amount of 1,075,000,000 (unless reduced in accordance with Subsection 6.1(b) ), B enter into the
Senior ABL Agreement to borrow an additional amount and to cause certain letters of credit to be issued and C issue the Senior Notes, under the Senior Notes Indenture, generating aggregate gross proceeds of up to 500,000,000 (unless
reduced in accordance with Subsection 6.1(b) ); and WHEREAS, the cash proceeds of the Equity Contribution, the
Initial Term Loans, any ABL Facility Loans made on the Closing Date and the issuance of the Senior Notes will be used on the Closing Date, inter alia, to consummate the Transactions, and to pay fees, premiums and expenses incurred in connection with
the Transactions. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual agreements contained herein, the
parties hereto agree as follows: SECTION 1 
 Definitions 
 1.1 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 
 ABL Agent : Citibank, N.A., in its capacity as administrative agent and collateral agent under the ABL
Facility Documents, or any successor administrative agent or collateral agent under the ABL Facility Documents. 
 ABL Collateral Obligations : the ABL Collateral Obligations as defined in the ABL/Term Loan
Intercreditor Agreement or the equivalent term in any Other Intercreditor Agreement. ABL Facility
Documents : the Loan Documents as defined in the Senior ABL Agreement, as the same may be amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time to time or refunded, refinanced, restructured, replaced, renewed, repaid,
increased, decreased or extended from time to time. 
 1 

ABL Facility Loans : the loans borrowed under the Senior
ABL Facility. ABL Priority Collateral : as defined in the ABL/Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement whether
or not the same remains in full force and effect. ABL/Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement : the
Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, between the Collateral Agent and the ABL Agent (in its capacity as collateral agent under the ABL Facility Documents), and acknowledged by certain of the Loan Parties in the form attached hereto
as Exhibit J-1 , as the same may be amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof. 
 ABR Loans : Loans to which the rate of interest applicable is based upon the Alternate Base Rate. 
 ABR
 Term SOFR Determination Day : as defined in clause (b) of the definition of Term SOFR Rate . 
 ABR
 Term SOFR Determination Time : as defined in clause (b) of the definition of Term SOFR Rate . 
 Accelerated : as defined in Subsection 9.1(e) . 
 Acceleration : as defined in Subsection 9.1(e) . 
 Acceptable Discount : as defined in Subsection 4.4(l)(iv)(2) . 
 Acceptable Prepayment Amount : as defined in Subsection 4.4(l)(iv)(3) . 
 Acceptance and Prepayment Notice : a written notice from the Borrower setting forth the Acceptable Discount
pursuant to Subsection 4.4(l)(iv)(2) substantially in the form of Exhibit N . Acceptance
Date : as defined in Subsection 4.4(l)(iv)(2) . Acknowledging Party : as defined in
 Subsection 11.21 . Acquired Companies : Waterworks Blocker and Waterworks Opco. 
 Acquired Indebtedness : Indebtedness of a Person i existing at the time such Person becomes a
Subsidiary or ii assumed in connection with the acquisition of assets from such Person, in each case other than Indebtedness Incurred in connection with, or in contemplation of, such Person becoming a Subsidiary or such acquisition of
assets. Acquired Indebtedness shall be deemed to be Incurred on the date of the related acquisition of assets from any Person or the date the acquired Person becomes a Subsidiary. 
 2 

Acquisition Indebtedness : Indebtedness of A the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary Incurred to finance or refinance, or otherwise Incurred in connection with, any acquisition of any assets (including Capital Stock), business or Person, or any merger or consolidation of any
Person with or into the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, or B any Person that is acquired by or merged or consolidated with or into the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (including Indebtedness thereof Incurred in connection
with any such acquisition, merger or consolidation). Additional Agent : as defined in the ABL/Term Loan
Intercreditor Agreement, the Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement or any Other Intercreditor Agreement, as applicable. 
 Additional Assets : i any property or assets that replace the property or assets that are the
subject of an Asset Disposition; ii any property or assets (other than Indebtedness and Capital Stock) used or to be used by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary or otherwise useful in a Related Business, and any capital
expenditures in respect of any property or assets already so used; iii the Capital Stock of a Person that is engaged in a Related Business and becomes a Restricted Subsidiary as a result of the acquisition of such Capital Stock by the
Borrower or another Restricted Subsidiary; or iv Capital Stock of any Person that at such time is a Restricted Subsidiary acquired from a third party. 
 Additional Incremental Lender : as defined in Subsection 2.8(b) . 
 Additional Indebtedness : as defined in the ABL/Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement, any Junior Lien
Intercreditor Agreement or any Other Intercreditor Agreement, as applicable. Additional Obligations :
senior or subordinated Indebtedness (which Indebtedness may be x secured by a Lien ranking pari passu to the Lien securing the Term Loan Facility Obligations, y secured by a Lien ranking junior to the Lien securing
the Term Loan Facility Obligations or z unsecured), including customary bridge financings, in each case issued or incurred by the Borrower, a Guarantor or an Escrow Subsidiary, the terms of which Indebtedness i either x do not provide for a maturity date or weighted average life to maturity earlier than the Initial Term Loan Maturity Date or shorter than the remaining weighted average life to maturity of the Initial Term Loans, as the case may be
(other than an earlier maturity date and/or shorter weighted average life to maturity 1 for customary bridge financings, which, subject to customary conditions (as determined by the Borrower in good faith, which determination shall be
conclusive), would either be automatically converted into or required to be exchanged for permanent financing which does not provide for an earlier maturity date or a shorter weighted average life to maturity than the Initial Term Loan Maturity Date
or the remaining weighted average life to maturity of the Initial Term Loans, as applicable, 2 pursuant to an escrow or similar arrangement with respect to the proceeds of such Additional Obligation or 3 of Additional
Obligations in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding (together with the aggregate principal amount of any Refinancing Indebtedness and Indebtedness under any Incremental Term Loan Commitments, any applicable Extended Tranche and any
Specified Refinancing Term Loan Facility, in each case outstanding under the Earlier Maturity Date Basket) not in excess of the Earlier Maturity Date Basket), or y in the case of any Indebtedness under any revolving credit facility, do
not provide for a maturity date earlier than the Stated Maturity of the ABL Facility Loans, ii to the extent such Indebtedness is subordinated, provide for customary payment subordination to the Term Loan Facility Obligations under the
Loan Documents as determined by the Borrower in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive, and iii do not provide for any mandatory repayment or redemption from the Net Available Cash of Asset Dispositions (other than any
Asset Disposition in respect of any assets, business or Person the acquisition of which was financed, all or in part, with such Additional Obligations and the disposition of which was contemplated by any definitive agreement in respect of such
acquisition) or Recovery Events or from Excess Cash Flow, to the extent the Net Available Cash of such Asset Disposition or Recovery Event or such Excess Cash Flow are required to be applied to repay the Initial Term Loans hereunder pursuant to
 Subsection 4.4(e) , on more than a ratable basis with the Initial Term Loans (after giving effect to any amendment in accordance with Subsection 11.1(d)(vi) ); provided that a other than with respect to proceeds
of such Additional Obligations which are subject to an escrow or similar arrangement and any related deposit of cash, Cash Equivalents and/or Temporary Cash Investments to cover interest and premium in respect of such Additional Obligations, such
Indebtedness shall not be secured by any Lien on any asset of any Loan Party that does not also secure the Term Loan Facility Obligations, or be guaranteed by any Person other than the Loan Parties (it being understood that the primary obligation of
an Escrow Subsidiary shall not constitute a guarantee by a Person other than a Loan Party), and b if secured by Collateral, such Indebtedness (and all related Obligations) shall be subject to the terms of the ABL/Term Loan
Intercreditor Agreement (if such Indebtedness and related Obligations constitute First Lien Obligations), any Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement (if such Indebtedness and related Obligations do not constitute First Lien Obligations) or an Other
Intercreditor Agreement (if otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower Representative ).
 
 3 

Additional Obligations Documents : any document or
instrument (including any guarantee, security agreement or mortgage and which may include any or all of the Loan Documents) issued or executed and delivered by any Loan Party or Escrow Subsidiary with respect to any Additional Obligations, Rollover
Indebtedness or Letter of Credit Facilities. Additional Specified Refinancing Lender : as defined in
 Subsection 2.11(b) . Adjusted Interest Rate : as defined in Subsection 2.8(d)(v) . 
 Adjusted LIBOR
Rate : with respect to any Borrowing of Eurodollar Loans for any Interest Period, an interest rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent to be equal to the higher of
 (i) (x) the LIBOR Rate for such Borrowing of Eurodollar Loans in effect for such Interest Period divided by (y) 1
 minus the Statutory Reserves (if any) for such Borrowing of Eurodollar Loans for such Interest Period and (ii) (x) solely with respect to Original Initial Term Loans, 1.00 , and
 (y) solely with respect to the Tranche B Term Loans , 0.00 . 
 Adjustment Date : each date on or after the last day of the Borrower s first full Fiscal Quarter ended
at least three months after the Closing Date i.e. , January 28, 2018) that is the second Business Day following receipt by the Lenders of both a the financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to Subsection
7.1(a) or Subsection 7.1(b) , as applicable, for the most recently completed fiscal period and b the related Compliance Certificate required to be delivered pursuant to Subsection 7.2(a) with respect to such fiscal
period. Administrative Agent : as defined in the Preamble hereto and shall include any successor to the
Administrative Agent appointed pursuant to Subsection 10.9 . 
 4 

Affected
Eurodollar Rate : as defined in Subsection
4.7 . 
 Affected Financial Institution : a any EEA Financial Institution or b any UK
Financial Institution. Affected Loans : as defined in Subsection 4.9 . 
 Affected
 Term SOFR Rate : as defined in Subsection 4.7 (a). 
 Affiliate : as to any specified Person, any other Person, directly or indirectly, controlling or controlled
by or under direct or indirect common control with such specified Person. For the purposes of this definition, control when used with respect to any Person means the power to direct the management and policies of such Person, directly or
indirectly, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise; and the terms controlling and controlled have meanings correlative to the foregoing. 
 Affiliate Transaction : as defined in Subsection 8.5(a) . 
 Affiliated Debt Fund : any Affiliated Lender that is primarily engaged in, or advises funds or other
investment vehicles that are engaged in, making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans, notes, bonds and similar extensions of credit or securities in the ordinary course, so long as i any such Affiliated
Lender is managed as to day-to-day matters (but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, as to strategic direction and similar matters) independently from Sponsor and any Affiliate of Sponsor that is not primarily engaged in the investing activities
described above, ii any such Affiliated Lender has in place customary information screens between it and Sponsor and any Affiliate of Sponsor that is not primarily engaged in the investing activities described above, and iii none of Topco, Midco, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries directs or causes the direction of the investment policies of such entity. 
 Affiliated Lender : any Lender that is a Permitted Affiliated Assignee. 
 Affiliated Lender Assignment and Assumption : as defined in Subsection 11.6(h)(i)(1) . 
 Agents : the collective reference to the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, and
 Agent shall mean any of them. Agreement : this Credit Agreement, as amended,
supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time to time. Alternate Base Rate : for any day, a
fluctuating rate per annum equal to the greatest of a the Base Rate in effect on such day, b the NYFRB Rate in effect on such day plus 0.50 , and c the Adjusted LIBOR Term
SOFR Rate for an Interest Period of one-month beginning on such day (or if such day is not a Business Day,
on the immediately preceding Business Day) (determined as if the relevant ABR Loan were a Eurodollar Loan) plus 1.00 . If the Administrative Agent shall have determined (which
determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that it is unable to ascertain the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted LIBOR Term SOFR Rate for any reason, including the inability or failure of the
Administrative Agent to obtain sufficient quotations in accordance with the terms of the definition thereof, the Alternate Base Rate shall be determined without regard to clause (b) or (c) above, as the case may be, of the preceding
sentence until the circumstances giving rise to such inability no longer exist. Any change in the Alternate Base Rate due to a change in the Base Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the Adjusted LIBOR Term
SOFR Rate shall be effective on the effective date of such change in the Base Rate, the NYFRB Rate or the
 Adjusted
LIBOR Term SOFR Rate, respectively. 
 5 

Amendment : as defined in Subsection 8.3(c) . 
 Applicable Discount : as defined in Subsection 4.4(l)(iii)(2) . 
 Applicable ECF Amount : as defined in Subsection 4.4(e)(iii)(A)(1) . 
 Applicable Margin : in respect of a Original Initial Term Loans during the period from the
Closing Date until the first Adjustment Date i with respect to ABR Loans, 2.00 per annum, and ii with respect to
 Eurodollar Term SOFR
Rate Loans, 3.00 per annum, and b Tranche B Term Loans, i with respect to ABR Loans, 1.50 per annum, and ii with respect to Eurodollar Term SOFR
Rate Loans, 2.50 per annum. The Applicable Margins with respect to Original Initial Term Loans will be adjusted on each Adjustment Date to the applicable rate per annum set forth under the
heading Applicable Margin for ABR Loans or Applicable Margin for Eurodollar Term SOFR Rate Loans on the Pricing Grid which corresponds to the
Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio determined from the financial statements and Compliance Certificate relating to the end of the Fiscal Quarter immediately preceding such Adjustment Date; provided that in the event that the financial
statements required to be delivered pursuant to Subsection 7.1(a) or 7.1(b) , as applicable, and the related Compliance Certificate required to be delivered pursuant to Subsection 7.2(a) , are not delivered when due, then:
 (1) if such financial statements and Compliance Certificate are delivered after the date such
financial statements and Compliance Certificate were required to be delivered (without giving effect to any applicable cure period) and the Applicable Margin increases from that previously in effect as a result of the delivery of such financial
statements, then the Applicable Margin in respect of Original Initial Term Loans during the period from the date upon which such financial statements were required to be delivered (without giving effect to any applicable cure period) until the date
upon which they actually are delivered shall, except as otherwise provided in clause (3) below, be the Applicable Margin as so increased; 
 (2) if such financial statements and Compliance Certificate are delivered after the date such financial
statements and Compliance Certificate were required to be delivered and the Applicable Margin decreases from that previously in effect as a result of the delivery of such financial statements, then such decrease in the Applicable Margin shall not
become applicable until the date upon which the financial statements and Compliance Certificate actually are delivered; and 
 6 

(3) if such financial statements and Compliance Certificate
are not delivered prior to the expiration of the applicable cure period, then, effective upon such expiration, for the period from the date upon which such financial statements and Compliance Certificate were required to be delivered (after the
expiration of the applicable cure period) until two Business Days following the date upon which they actually are delivered, the Applicable Margin with respect to Original Initial Term Loans shall be 2.00 per annum, in the case of ABR Loans,
and 3.00 per annum, in the case of
 Eurodollar Term SOFR
Rate Loans (it being understood that the foregoing shall not limit the rights of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders set forth in Section 9 ). 
 Approved Commercial Bank : a commercial bank with a consolidated combined capital and surplus of at least
 5,000,000,000. Approved Fund : as defined in Subsection 11.6(b) . 
 Asset Disposition : any sale, lease, transfer, Division or other disposition of shares of Capital Stock of a
Restricted Subsidiary (other than directors qualifying shares, or (in the case of a Foreign Subsidiary) to the extent required by any applicable Requirement of Law), property or other assets (each referred to for the purposes of this
definition as a disposition by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (including any disposition by means of a merger, consolidation or similar transaction) other than i a disposition to the Borrower or
a Restricted Subsidiary, ii a disposition in the ordinary course of business (including in connection with any factoring agreement or similar arrangements), iii a disposition of Cash Equivalents, Investment Grade
Securities or Temporary Cash Investments, iv the sale or discount (with or without recourse, and on customary or commercially reasonable terms, as determined by the Borrower in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive) of
accounts receivable or notes receivable which have arisen in the ordinary course of business, or the conversion or exchange of accounts receivable for notes receivable, v any Restricted Payment Transaction, vi a
disposition that is governed by Subsection 8.7 , vii any Financing Disposition, viii any fee in lieu or other disposition of assets to any Governmental Authority that continue in use by the Borrower or
any Restricted Subsidiary, so long as the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary may obtain title to such assets upon reasonable notice by paying a nominal fee, ix any exchange of property pursuant to or intended to qualify under
Section 1031 (or any successor section) of the Code, or any exchange of equipment to be leased, rented or otherwise used in a Related Business, x any financing transaction with respect to property built or acquired by the Borrower
or any Restricted Subsidiary after the Closing Date, including any sale/leaseback transaction or asset securitization, xi any disposition arising from foreclosure, condemnation, eminent domain or similar action with respect to any
property or other assets, or exercise of termination rights under any lease, license, concession or other agreement, or necessary or advisable (as determined by the Borrower in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive) in order to
consummate any acquisition of any Person, business or assets, or pursuant to buy/sell arrangements under any joint venture or similar agreement or arrangement, xii any disposition of non-core assets acquired in connection with any
acquisition of (or any merger, consolidation, amalgamation or other business combination with or into) any Person, business or assets or any Investment, xiii any disposition of Capital Stock, Indebtedness or other securities of an
Unrestricted Subsidiary, xiv a disposition of Capital Stock of a Restricted Subsidiary pursuant to an agreement or other obligation with or to a Person (other than the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary) from whom such Restricted
Subsidiary was acquired, or from whom such Restricted Subsidiary acquired its business and assets (having been newly formed in connection with such acquisition), entered into in connection with such acquisition, xv a disposition of not
more than 5.0 of the outstanding Capital Stock of a Foreign Subsidiary that has been approved by the Board of Directors, xvi any disposition or series of related dispositions for aggregate consideration not to exceed the greater of
 82,500,000 and 5.00 of Consolidated Tangible Assets (as of the earlier of the date such disposition was made or the date on which a binding commitment for such disposition was entered into), xvii the abandonment or other disposition
of any patent, trademark or other intellectual property or application that is, in the good faith determination of the Borrower, which determination shall be conclusive, no longer economically reasonable to maintain or useful in the conduct of the
business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, xviii any license, sublicense or other grant of rights in or to any trademark, copyright, patent or other intellectual property, xix any Exempt Sale and
Leaseback Transaction, xx the creation or granting of any Lien permitted under this Agreement, xxi any sale of property or assets, if the acquisition of such property or assets was financed with Excluded Contributions or xxii any exchange of assets (including a combination of assets and Cash Equivalents, Investment Grade Securities and Temporary Cash Investments) for assets used or useful in a Related Business (other than if such assets are solely
cash, Cash Equivalents, Investment Grade Securities and/or Temporary Cash Investments) (or Capital Stock of a Person that will be a Restricted Subsidiary following such transaction) of comparable or greater fair market value (as determined by the
Parent Borrower in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive). 
 7 

Assignee : as defined in Subsection 11.6(b)(i) .
 Assignment and Acceptance : an Assignment and Acceptance, substantially in the form of Exhibit E 
hereto. Bail-In Action : the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable
Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. Bail-In
Legislation : a with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time
which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule or b with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the
United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 Bank Products Agreement : any agreement pursuant to which a bank or other financial institution or other
Person agrees to provide a treasury services, b credit card, debit card, merchant card, purchasing card, stored value card, non-card electronic payable or other similar services (including the processing of payments and
other administrative services with respect thereto), c cash management or related services (including controlled disbursements, automated clearinghouse transactions, return items, netting, overdrafts, depository, lockbox, stop payment,
electronic funds transfer, information reporting, wire transfer and interstate depository network services) and d other banking, financial or treasury products or services as may be requested by the Borrower or any Restricted
Subsidiary (other than letters of credit and other than loans and advances except indebtedness arising from services described in clauses (a) through (c) of this definition), including, for the avoidance of doubt, bank guarantees. 
 8 

Bank Products Obligations : of any Person means the
obligations of such Person pursuant to any Bank Products Agreement. Bank Recovery and Resolution
Directive : Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union. 
 Bankruptcy Proceeding : as defined in Subsection 11.6(h)(iv) . 
 Base Rate : the rate of interest last quoted by The Wall Street Journal as the Prime Rate in the
U.S. or, if The Wall Street Journal ceases to quote such rate, the highest per annum interest rate published by the Federal Reserve Board in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519) (Selected Interest Rates) as the bank prime
loan rate or, if such rate is no longer quoted therein, any similar rate quoted therein (as determined by the Administrative Agent) or any similar release by the Federal Reserve Board (as determined by the Administrative Agent). Each change in
the Base Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced or quoted as being effective. 
 Benchmark
 Replacement Conforming Changes : with respect to either the use or administration of Term SOFR Rate, SOFR or any replacement rate adopted in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or the use, administration or implementation of any such
replacement rate, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business
Day, the definition of Interest Period or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period ), timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and
length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides with the consent of the Borrower may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and
implementation of any such rate or to permit the use, administration or implementation thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any
portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent
decides with the consent of the Borrower is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). Benefit Plan : any of
(a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes
of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 Benefited Lender : as defined in Subsection 11.7(a) . 
 BHC Act Affiliate : the meaning assigned to the term affiliate in, and shall be interpreted in
accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k). Blocker Aggregator : CD R WW Holdings, L.P., a Cayman
Islands exempted limited partnership, and any successor in interest thereto. 
 9 

Blocker Holdings : a prior to the Blocker
Merger, Blocker Mergersub and b following the Blocker Merger, Waterworks Blocker as successor to the Blocker Merger. Following the Blocker Merger, Waterworks Blocker shall be converted to a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Blocker Merger : the merger of Blocker Mergersub with and into Waterworks Blocker, with Waterworks Blocker
being the survivor of such merger. Blocker Mergersub : CD R WW Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company, and any successor in interest thereto. Board : the Board of Governors of the Federal
Reserve System. Board of Directors : for any Person, the board of directors or other governing body of
such Person or, if such Person does not have such a board of directors or other governing body and is owned or managed by a single entity, the board of directors or other governing body of such entity, or, in either case, any committee thereof duly
authorized to act on behalf of such board of directors or other governing body. Unless otherwise provided, Board of Directors means the Board of Directors of the Borrower. 
 Borrower : (a) prior to the Waterworks Merger, Passthrough Mergersub and (b) following the
Waterworks Merger, Waterworks Opco as successor to the Waterworks Merger, and any successor in interest thereto permitted hereunder. 
 Borrower Offer of Specified Discount Prepayment : the offer by the Borrower to make a voluntary prepayment
of Term Loans at a specified discount to par pursuant to Subsection 4.4(l)(ii) . Borrower Partnership
Agreement : that certain amended and restated limited liability company agreement of Core Main Connector dated as of the First Amendment Effective Date, among Core Main Connector, Topco and Core Main Buyer,
as the same may be amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time (so long as, in the case of Tax Distributions, such amendment, supplement or replacement agreement (which replacement agreement may be the partnership or similar agreement of
another Parent Entity, an IPO Vehicle or the Borrower) is not more disadvantageous to the Lenders in any material respect than such limited liability company agreement as in effect on the First Amendment Effective Date). 
 Borrower Solicitation of Discount Range Prepayment Offers : the solicitation by the Borrower of offers for,
and the corresponding acceptance, if any, by a Lender of, a voluntary prepayment of Term Loans at a specified range at a discount to par pursuant to Subsection 4.4(l)(iii) . 
 Borrower Solicitation of Discounted Prepayment Offers : the solicitation by the Borrower of offers for, and
the corresponding acceptance, if any, by a Lender of, a voluntary prepayment of Term Loans at a discount to par pursuant to Subsection 4.4(l)(iv) . 
 Borrowing : the borrowing of one Type of Loan of a single Tranche from all the Lenders having Commitments or
other commitments of the respective Tranche on a given date (or resulting from a conversion or conversions on such date) having, in the case of
 Eurodollar Term SOFR
Rate Loans, the same Interest Period. 
 10 

Borrowing Base : the sum of 1 90.0 of the
book value of Inventory of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, 2 90.0 of the book value of Receivables of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries and 3 cash, Cash Equivalents and Temporary Cash Investments
of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (in each case, determined as of the end of the most recently ended fiscal month of the Borrower for which internal consolidated financial statements of the Borrower (or, any Parent Entity or IPO
Vehicle whose financial statements satisfy the Borrower s reporting obligations under Subsection 7.1 are available, and, in the case of any determination relating to any Incurrence of Indebtedness, on a pro forma basis including x any property or assets of a type described above acquired since the end of such fiscal month and y any property or assets of a type described above being acquired in connection therewith). 
 Borrowing Date : any Business Day specified in a notice delivered pursuant to either
 Subsection 2.3 or Subsection 2.4 , as applicable, as a date on which the Borrower requests the Lenders to make Loans hereunder. 
 Borrowing Request : as defined in Subsection 2.4(a) . 
 Business Day : a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in New York, New
York are authorized or required by law to close, except that, when used in connection with a Eurodollar Loan denominated in Dollars Term SOFR Rate Loan and in relation to the calculation or computation of Term SOFR Rate , Business Day shall mean any a U.S. Government Securities Business Day on which dealings in Dollars between banks may be carried on in London, England and New York, New York .
 Capital Expenditures : for any period, the aggregate of all expenditures (whether paid in cash
or accrued as liabilities and including in all events all amounts expended or capitalized under leases evidencing Financing Lease Obligations) by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries during such period that, in conformity with GAAP, are or
are required to be included as capital expenditures on a consolidated statement of cash flows of the Borrower. 
 Capital Stock : as to any Person, any and all shares or units of, rights to purchase, warrants or options
for, or other equivalents of or interests in (however designated) equity of such Person, including any Preferred Stock, but excluding any debt securities convertible into such equity. 
 Captive Insurance Subsidiary : any Subsidiary of the Borrower that is subject to regulation as an insurance
company or captive insurance company (or any Subsidiary of any of the foregoing). Cash Capped Incremental
Facility : as defined in the definition of Maximum Incremental Facilities Amount . 
 11 

Cash Equivalents : any of the following: a money, b securities issued or fully guaranteed or insured by the United States of America, Canada, the United Kingdom, Switzerland or a member state of the European Union or any agency or instrumentality of any thereof, c time deposits, certificates of deposit or bankers acceptances of i any bank or other institutional lender under this Agreement or the Senior ABL Facility or any affiliate thereof or ii any commercial
bank having capital and surplus in excess of 250,000,000 (or the foreign currency equivalent thereof as of the date of such investment) and the commercial paper of the holding company of which is rated at least A-2 or the equivalent thereof by
S P or at least P-2 or the equivalent thereof by Moody s (or, if at such time neither is issuing ratings, a comparable rating of another nationally recognized rating agency), d repurchase obligations with a term of not more
than 10 days for underlying securities of the types described in clauses (b) and (c) above entered into with any financial institution meeting the qualifications specified in clause (c)(i) or (c)(ii) above, e money market
instruments, commercial paper or other short-term obligations rated at least A-2 or the equivalent thereof by S P or at least P-2 or the equivalent thereof by Moody s (or, if at such time neither is issuing ratings, a comparable rating of
another nationally recognized rating agency), f investments in money market funds subject to the risk limiting conditions of Rule 2a-7 or any successor rule of the SEC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, g investment funds investing at least 90.0 of their assets in cash equivalents of the types described in clauses (a) through (f) above (which funds may also hold cash pending investment and/or distribution), h investments similar to any of the foregoing denominated in foreign currencies approved by the Board of Directors, and i solely with respect to any Captive Insurance Subsidiary, any investment that any such Person is
permitted to make in accordance with applicable law. CD R : Clayton, Dubilier Rice, LLC
and any successor in interest thereto, and any successor to its investment management business. CD R
Consulting Agreement : the Consulting Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, as amended by that certain letter agreement, dated as of August 5, 2019, by and among the Borrower, Topco, Midco, Intermediate GP and CD R, pursuant to
which CD R may provide management, consulting and advisory services, as the same may be amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time to time so long as such amendment, supplement, waiver or modification complies with this
Agreement (including Subsection 8.5 (for the avoidance of doubt, other than by reason of Subsection 8.5(b)(vii) )). 
 CD R Fund X : Clayton, Dubilier Rice Fund X, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited
partnership, and any successor in interest thereto. CD R Indemnification Agreement : the
Indemnification Agreement, dated as of Closing Date, as amended by that certain letter agreement, dated as of August 5, 2019, by and among the Borrower, Topco, Midco, Intermediate GP, Passthrough Holdings, Blocker Holdings, certain CD R
Investors and CD R and the other parties thereto, as the same may be amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 12 

CD R Investors : collectively, i CD R Fund X, ii Clayton, Dubilier Rice Fund X-A, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership, and any successor in interest thereto, iii CD R Advisor Fund X, L.P., a Cayman
Islands exempted limited partnership, and any successor in interest thereto, iv CD R Associates X, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership, and any successor in interest thereto, v CD R Investment
Associates X, Ltd., a Cayman Islands exempted company, and any successor in interest thereto, vi Waterworks Holdings LP, vii Waterworks Holdings LLC, viii Blocker Aggregator, ix New Blocker, x CD R Waterworks Holdings GP, Ltd., a Cayman Islands exempted company, and any successor in interest thereto, xi New Blocker Holdings, xii CD R Fund X Advisor Waterworks A, L.P., a Cayman Islands
exempted limited partnership, and any successor in interest thereto, xiii CD R Fund X Advisor Waterworks B, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership, and any successor in interest thereto, xiv CD R Fund
X Waterworks B, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership, and any successor in interest thereto, xv CD R Fund X Waterworks B1, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership, and any successor in interest thereto, xvi CD R Fund X-A Waterworks A, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership, and any successor in interest thereto, xvii CD R Fund X-A Waterworks B, L.P a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership, and
any successor in interest thereto, xviii WW Advisor, xix CD R Associates X Waterworks, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership, and any successor in interest thereto, xx CD R
Friends Family Feeder Fund X Waterworks A, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership, and any successor in interest thereto, xxi CD R Friends Family Feeder Fund X Waterworks B, L.P., a Cayman Islands
exempted limited partnership, and any successor in interest thereto, xxii CD R Professionals Fund X Waterworks, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership, and any successor in interest thereto, xxiii CD R WW Holdings 2, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and any successor in interest thereto, xxiv CD R WW Advisor 2, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and any successor in interest thereto
and xxv any Affiliate of any CD R Investor identified in clauses (i) through (xxiv) of this definition. 
 CDD Rule : the Customer Due Diligence Requirements for Financial Institutions issued by the U.S. Department
of Treasury Financial Crimes Enforcement Network under the Bank Secrecy Act (such rule published May 11, 2016 and effective May 11, 2018, as amended from time to time). 
 Change in Law : as defined in Subsection 4.11(a) . 
 Change of Control : i ( x the Permitted Holders shall in the aggregate be the
 beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act as in effect on the Closing Date) of A so long as the Borrower is a Subsidiary of any Parent Entity, shares or units of Voting Stock having less
than 35.0 of the total voting power of all outstanding shares of such Parent Entity (other than a Parent Entity that is a Subsidiary of another Parent Entity) and B if the Borrower is not a Subsidiary of any Parent Entity, shares or
units of Voting Stock having less than 35.0 of the total voting power of all outstanding shares of the Borrower and y any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act
as in effect on the Closing Date), other than one or more Permitted Holders, shall be the beneficial owner of A so long as the Borrower is a Subsidiary of any Parent Entity, shares or units of Voting Stock having more than
35.0 of the total voting power of all outstanding shares of such Parent Entity (other than a Parent Entity that is a Subsidiary of another Parent Entity) and B if the Borrower is not a Subsidiary of any Parent Entity, shares or units
of Voting Stock having more than 35.0 of the total voting power of all outstanding shares of the Borrower; ii so long as the Capital Stock of the Borrower is not listed on a nationally recognized stock exchange in the U.S. (whether
through a Qualified IPO or otherwise), Midco (and any Successor Holding Company pursuant to and as defined in Subsection 9.16(e) of the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement) and Intermediate GP (and any Successor Holding Company pursuant to and
as defined in Subsection 9.16(e) of the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement) shall (collectively) cease to own, directly or indirectly, 100.0 of the Capital Stock of the Borrower (or any Successor Borrower); or iii a
 Change of Control as defined in the Senior ABL Facility (or any agreement governing Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of the Senior ABL Facility, and in each case relating to Indebtedness and any unused commitments thereunder in an
aggregate principal amount equal to or greater than the greater of 100,000,000 and 6.50 of Consolidated Tangible Assets). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, the Transactions and the Tranche B Effective Date Transactions
shall not constitute or give rise to a Change of Control. 
 13 

Change of Control Offer : as defined in Subsection
8.8(a) . Claim : as defined in Subsection 11.6(h)(iv) . 
 Closing Date : the date on which all the conditions precedent set forth in Subsection 6.1 shall be
satisfied or waived. Closing Date Material Adverse Effect : a Material Adverse Effect (as
defined in the Plumb Acquisition Agreement). Code : the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from
time to time. Collateral : all assets of the Loan Parties, now owned or hereafter acquired, upon which
a Lien is purported to be created by any Security Document. Collateral Agent : as defined in the
Preamble hereto and shall include any successor to the Collateral Agent appointed pursuant to Subsection 10.9 . 
 Collateral Representative : i if the ABL/Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement is then in effect,
the ABL Collateral Representative (as defined therein, with respect to ABL Priority Collateral) and the Term Loan Collateral Representative (as defined therein, with respect to Term Loan Priority Collateral), ii if any Junior Lien
Intercreditor Agreement is then in effect, the Senior Priority Representative (as defined therein) and iii if any Other Intercreditor Agreement is then in effect, the Person acting as representative for the Collateral Agent and the
Secured Parties thereunder for the applicable purpose contemplated by this Agreement and the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement. 
 Collection Amounts : as defined in Section 10.14 . 
 Commitment : as to any Lender, such Lender s Initial Term Loan Commitments and Incremental Commitments,
as the context requires. Committed Lenders : JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Bank of America, N.A.,
Citibank, N.A., Barclays Bank PLC, Credit Suisse AG, Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, Royal Bank of Canada, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Natixis, New York Branch and Nomura Corporate Funding Americas, LLC. 
 Commodities Agreement : in respect of a Person, any commodity futures contract, forward contract, option or
similar agreement or arrangement (including derivative agreements or arrangements), as to which such Person is a party or beneficiary. 
 14 

Commonly Controlled Entity : an entity, whether or not
incorporated, which is under common control with the Borrower within the meaning of Section 4001 of ERISA or is part of a group which includes the Borrower and which is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the
Code or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code. 
 Compliance Certificate : as defined in Subsection 7.2(a) . 
 Conduit Lender : any special purpose corporation organized and administered by any Lender for the purpose of
making Loans otherwise required to be made by such Lender and designated by such Lender in a written instrument delivered to the Administrative Agent (a copy of which shall be provided by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower on request);
 provided that the designation by any Lender of a Conduit Lender shall not relieve the designating Lender of any of its obligations under this Agreement, including its obligation to fund a Loan if, for any reason, its Conduit Lender fails to
fund any such Loan, and the designating Lender (and not the Conduit Lender) shall have the sole right and responsibility to deliver all consents and waivers required or requested under this Agreement with respect to its Conduit Lender;
 provided , further , that no Conduit Lender shall a be entitled to receive any greater amount pursuant to any provision of this Agreement, including Subsection 4.10 , 4.11 , 4.12 or 11.5 , than the
designating Lender would have been entitled to receive in respect of the extensions of credit made by such Conduit Lender if such designating Lender had not designated such Conduit Lender hereunder, b be deemed to have any Commitment
or c be designated if such designation would otherwise increase the costs of any Facility or Tranche to the Borrower. 
 Confidential Information Memorandum : that certain Confidential Information Memorandum furnished to the
Lenders on or about July 12, 2017. Consolidated Coverage Ratio : as of any date of determination,
the ratio of i the Four Quarter Consolidated EBITDA as of such date to ii Consolidated Interest Expense for the period of the most recent four consecutive Fiscal Quarters of the Borrower ending prior to the date of such
determination for which consolidated financial statements of the Borrower (or, any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle whose financial statements satisfy the Borrower s reporting obligations under Subsection 7.1 are available (determined
for any fiscal quarter (or portion thereof) ending prior to the Closing Date, on a pro forma basis to give effect to the Transactions as if they had occurred at the beginning of such four-quarter period); provided that 
 (1) if, since the beginning of such period, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary has Incurred any
Indebtedness or the Borrower has issued any Designated Preferred Stock that remains outstanding on such date of determination or if the transaction giving rise to the need to calculate the Consolidated Coverage Ratio is an Incurrence of Indebtedness
by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or an issuance of Designated Preferred Stock of the Borrower, Consolidated EBITDA and Consolidated Interest Expense for such period shall be calculated after giving effect on a pro forma basis to such
Indebtedness or Designated Preferred Stock as if such Indebtedness or Designated Preferred Stock had been Incurred or issued, as applicable, on the first day of such period (except that in making such computation, the amount of Indebtedness under
any revolving credit facility outstanding on the date of such calculation shall be computed based on A the average daily balance of such Indebtedness during such four fiscal quarters or such shorter period for which such facility was
outstanding or B if such facility was created after the end of such four fiscal quarters, the average daily balance of such Indebtedness during the period from the date of creation of such facility to the date of such calculation);
 provided that, in the case of both of clauses (A) and (B), the Senior ABL Facility as of the Closing Date shall be treated as if it were in place for any fiscal quarter (or portion thereof) ending prior to the Closing Date, and the daily
balance of Indebtedness thereunder for any date prior to the Closing Date shall be deemed to be 0), 
 15 

(2) if, since the beginning of such period, the Borrower or
any Restricted Subsidiary has Discharged any Indebtedness, or any Designated Preferred Stock of the Borrower, that is no longer outstanding on such date of determination or if the transaction giving rise to the need to calculate the Consolidated
Coverage Ratio involves a Discharge of Indebtedness (in each case other than Indebtedness Incurred under any revolving credit facility unless such Indebtedness has been Discharged with an equivalent permanent reduction in commitments thereunder) or
a Discharge of Designated Preferred Stock of the Borrower, Consolidated EBITDA and Consolidated Interest Expense for such period shall be calculated after giving effect on a pro forma basis to such Discharge of Indebtedness or Designated Preferred
Stock, including with the proceeds of such new Indebtedness or such new Designated Preferred Stock of the Borrower, as if such Discharge had occurred on the first day of such period, 
 (3) if, since the beginning of such period, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary shall have disposed of
any company, any business or any group of assets constituting an operating unit of a business, including any such disposition occurring in connection with a transaction causing a calculation to be made hereunder, or designated any Restricted
Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary (any such disposition or designation, a Sale ), the Consolidated Interest Expense for such period shall be reduced by an amount equal to A the Consolidated Interest Expense
attributable to any Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary Discharged with respect to the Borrower and its continuing Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with such Sale for such period (including but not limited to through the
assumption of such Indebtedness by another Person) plus B if the Capital Stock of any Restricted Subsidiary is disposed of in such Sale or any Restricted Subsidiary is designated as an Unrestricted Subsidiary, the Consolidated
Interest Expense for such period attributable to the Indebtedness of such Restricted Subsidiary to the extent the Borrower and its continuing Restricted Subsidiaries are no longer liable for such Indebtedness after such Sale, 
 (4) if, since the beginning of such period, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (by merger, consolidation
or otherwise) shall have made an Investment in any Person that thereby becomes a Restricted Subsidiary, or otherwise acquired any company, any business or any group of assets constituting an operating unit of a business, including any such
Investment or acquisition occurring in connection with a transaction causing a calculation to be made hereunder, or designated any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary (any such Investment, acquisition or designation, a
 Purchase ), Consolidated Interest Expense for such period shall be calculated after giving pro forma effect thereto (including the Incurrence of any related Indebtedness) as if such Purchase occurred on the first day of such
period, and 
 16 

(5) if, since the beginning of such period, any Person
became a Restricted Subsidiary or was merged or consolidated with or into the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, and since the beginning of such period such Person shall have Discharged any Indebtedness or made any Sale or Purchase that would
have required an adjustment pursuant to clause (2), (3) or (4) above if made by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary since the beginning of such period, Consolidated Interest Expense for such period shall be calculated after giving pro
forma effect thereto as if such Discharge, Sale or Purchase occurred on the first day of such period; provided that (in the event
that the Borrower shall classify Indebtedness Incurred on the date of determination as Incurred in part under Subsection 8.1(a) and in part under Subsection 8.1(b) , as provided in Subsection 8.1(c)(iii)) any such pro
forma calculation of Consolidated Interest Expense shall not give effect to any such Incurrence of Indebtedness on the date of determination pursuant to Subsection 8.1(b) (other than, if the Borrower at its option has elected to disregard
Indebtedness being Incurred on the date of determination in part under Subsection 8.1(a) for purposes of calculating the Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio for Incurring Indebtedness on the date of determination in part under
 Subsection 8.1(b)(x) or (xvii) , Subsection 8.1(b)(x) or (xvii)) or to any Discharge of Indebtedness from the proceeds of any such Incurrence pursuant to such Subsection 8.1(b) (other than
 Subsection 8.1(b)(x) or (xvii) , if the Incurrence of Indebtedness under Subsection 8.1(b)(x) or (xvii) , as applicable, is being given effect to in the calculation of the Consolidated Coverage Ratio). 
 For purposes of this definition, whenever pro forma effect is to be given to any Sale, Purchase or other transaction, or the
amount of income or earnings relating thereto and the amount of Consolidated Interest Expense associated with any Indebtedness Incurred, Designated Preferred Stock issued, or Indebtedness or Designated Preferred Stock Discharged in connection
therewith, the pro forma calculations in respect thereof (including in respect of anticipated cost savings or synergies relating to any such Sale, Purchase or other transaction) shall be as determined in good faith by the Chief Financial Officer or
a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, which determination shall be conclusive; provided that with respect to cost savings or synergies relating to any Sale, Purchase or other transaction, the related actions are expected by the Borrower to
be taken no later than 36 months after the date of determination. If any Indebtedness bears a floating rate of interest and is being given pro forma effect, the interest expense on such Indebtedness shall be calculated as if the rate in effect on
the date of determination had been the applicable rate for the entire period (taking into account any Interest Rate Agreement applicable to such Indebtedness). If any Indebtedness bears, at the option of the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary, a
rate of interest based on a prime or similar rate, a eurocurrency interbank offered rate or other fixed or floating rate, and such Indebtedness is being given pro forma effect, the interest expense on such Indebtedness shall be calculated by
applying such optional rate as the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary may designate. If any Indebtedness that is being given pro forma effect was Incurred under a revolving credit facility, the interest expense on such Indebtedness shall be
computed based upon the average daily balance of such Indebtedness during the applicable period; provided that, in the case of the Senior ABL Facility as of the Closing Date, such facility shall be treated as if it were in place for any
fiscal quarter (or portion thereof) ending prior to the Closing Date, and the daily balance of Indebtedness thereunder for any date prior to the Closing Date shall be deemed to be 0. Interest on a Financing Lease Obligation shall be deemed to
accrue at an interest rate determined in good faith by a responsible financial or accounting officer of the Borrower (which determination shall be conclusive) to be the rate of interest implicit in such Financing Lease Obligation in accordance with
GAAP. 
 17 

Consolidated EBITDA : for any period, the Consolidated Net
Income for such period, plus w the following to the extent deducted in calculating such Consolidated Net Income, without duplication: i the amount of Permitted Payments made with respect to Tax Distributions
pursuant to Subsection 8.2(b)(vii)(C) and the provision for all taxes (whether or not paid, estimated or accrued) based on income, profits or capital (including penalties and interest, if any), ii Consolidated Interest Expense,
all items excluded from the definition of Consolidated Interest Expense pursuant to clause (iii) thereof (other than Special Purpose Financing Expense), any Special Purpose Financing Fees, and to the extent not reflected in Consolidated
Interest Expense, costs of surety bonds in connection with financing activities, iii depreciation, iv amortization (including but not limited to amortization of goodwill and intangibles and amortization and write-off of
financing costs), v any non-cash charges or non-cash losses, vi any expenses or charges related to any equity offering, acquisition or other Investment or Indebtedness permitted by this Agreement (whether or not
consummated or Incurred, and including any offering or sale of Capital Stock of a Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle), vii the amount of any loss attributable to non-controlling interests, viii all deferred financing costs
written off and premiums paid in connection with any early extinguishment of Indebtedness or Hedging Obligations or other derivative instruments, ix any management, monitoring, consulting and advisory fees and related expenses
(including any such fees and expenses paid to the Sponsor or any of its Affiliates), x interest and investment income, xi the amount of loss on any Financing Disposition, xii any costs or expenses pursuant
to any management or employee stock option or other equity-related plan, program or arrangement, or other benefit plan, program or arrangement, or any equity subscription or equityholder agreement, xiii the amount of any pre-opening
losses attributable to any newly opened location within 12 months of the opening of such location, xiv net out-of-pocket costs and expenses related to the acquiring of inventory of a prior supplier of a company in connection with
becoming a provider to such company, xv any expenses incurred in connection with any plant shutdown, xvi internal software development costs that are expensed during the period but could have been capitalized in
accordance with GAAP, xvii any adjustments resulting from the application of Accounting Standards Codification Topic No. 460 and xviii the amount of any reduction in inventory cost attributable to rebates earned on
quantities purchased under vendor programs which are recorded as reserves on the balance for such period, plus x the amount of net cost savings, operating expense reductions and synergies (including revenue synergies, including
those related to new business and customer wins, the modification or renegotiation of contracts and other arrangements and pricing adjustments and increases) projected by the Borrower in good faith to be realized as the result of actions taken or to
be taken on or prior to the Closing Date or within 36 months of the Closing Date in connection with the Transactions, or within 36 months of the initiation or consummation of any operational change or other initiative, or within 36 months of the
consummation of any applicable acquisition or cessation of operations (in each case, calculated on a pro forma basis as though such cost savings, operating expense reductions and synergies had been realized on the first day of such period), net of
the amount of actual benefits realized during such period from such actions (which adjustments may be incremental to pro forma adjustments made pursuant to the proviso to the definition of Consolidated Coverage Ratio , Consolidated
Secured Leverage Ratio , Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio or Four Quarter Consolidated EBITDA ), plus y without duplication of any item in the preceding clause (w) or (x), additions of the type
reflected in any quality of earnings analysis prepared by independent certified public accountants of nationally recognized standing or any other accounting firm reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent (it being understood that any
 Big Four accounting firms are acceptable) and delivered to the Administrative Agent in connection with any acquisition of assets (including Capital Stock), business or Person, or any merger or consolidation of any Person with or into the
Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, or any other Investment, in each case that is permitted under this Agreement. 
 18 

Consolidated Interest Expense : for any period, i the total interest expense of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries to the extent deducted in calculating Consolidated Net Income, net of any interest income of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, including any such
interest expense consisting of A interest expense attributable to Financing Lease Obligations (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any lease, rental or other expense in connection with a lease that is not a Financing Lease
Obligation), B amortization of debt discount, C interest in respect of Indebtedness of any other Person that has been Guaranteed by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, but only to the extent that such interest is
actually paid by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, D non-cash interest expense, E the interest portion of any deferred payment obligation, and F commissions, discounts and other fees and charges
owed with respect to letters of credit and bankers acceptance financing, plus ii Preferred Stock dividends paid in cash in respect of Disqualified Stock of the Borrower held by Persons other than the Borrower or a
Restricted Subsidiary or in respect of Designated Preferred Stock of the Borrower pursuant to Subsection 8.2(b)(xi)(A) , minus iii to the extent otherwise included in such interest expense referred to in clause
(i) above, Special Purpose Financing Expense, accretion or accrual of discounted liabilities not constituting Indebtedness, expense resulting from discounting of Indebtedness in conjunction with recapitalization or purchase accounting, any
 additional interest in respect of registration rights arrangements for any securities, amortization or write-off of financing costs, and any expensing of bridge, commitment or other financing fees, in each case under clauses
(i) through (iii) above as determined on a Consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; provided that gross interest expense shall be determined after giving effect to any net payments made or received by the Borrower and its
Restricted Subsidiaries with respect to Interest Rate Agreements. Consolidated Net Income : for any
period, the net income (loss) of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, determined on a Consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP and before any reduction in respect of Preferred Stock dividends minus, without duplication of any other
deduction in calculating Consolidated Net Income in respect of such amounts, the amount of Permitted Payments made with respect to Tax Distributions pursuant to Subsection 8.2(b)(vii)(C) ; provided that, without duplication, there shall
not be included in such Consolidated Net Income: (i) any net income (loss) of any Person if such Person is
not the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary, except that the Borrower s or any Restricted Subsidiary s net income for such period shall be increased by the aggregate amount actually dividended or distributed or that (as determined by the
Borrower in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive) could have been dividended or distributed by such Person during such period to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary as a dividend or other distribution (subject, in the case of a
dividend or other distribution to a Restricted Subsidiary, to the limitations contained in clause (ii) below), 
 19 

(ii) solely for purposes of determining the amount available
for Restricted Payments under Subsection 8.2(a)(3)(A) and Excess Cash Flow, any net income (loss) of any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor if such Restricted Subsidiary is subject to restrictions, directly or
indirectly, on the payment of dividends or the making of similar distributions by such Restricted Subsidiary, directly or indirectly, to the Borrower by operation of the terms of such Restricted Subsidiary s charter or any agreement,
instrument, judgment, decree, order, statute or governmental rule or regulation applicable to such Restricted Subsidiary or its stockholders (other than x restrictions that have been waived or otherwise released, y restrictions pursuant to this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, the Senior Notes Documents and the ABL Facility Documents, and z restrictions in effect on the Closing Date with respect to a Restricted Subsidiary
and other restrictions with respect to such Restricted Subsidiary that taken as a whole are not materially less favorable to the Lenders than such restrictions in effect on the Closing Date as determined by the Borrower in good faith, which
determination shall be conclusive), except that the Borrower s equity in the net income of any such Restricted Subsidiary for such period shall be included in such Consolidated Net Income up to the aggregate amount of any dividend or
distribution that was or that (as determined by the Borrower in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive) could have been made by such Restricted Subsidiary during such period to the Borrower or another Restricted Subsidiary (subject, in
the case of a dividend that could have been made to another Restricted Subsidiary, to the limitation contained in this clause (ii)), 
 (iii) x any gain or loss realized upon the sale, abandonment or other disposition of any asset of
the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (including pursuant to any sale/leaseback transaction) that is not sold, abandoned or otherwise disposed of in the ordinary course of business (as determined by the Borrower in good faith, which
determination shall be conclusive) and y any gain or loss realized upon the disposal, abandonment or discontinuation of operations of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, 
 (iv) any extraordinary, unusual, nonrecurring, exceptional, special or infrequent gain, loss or charge and any
other gain, loss or charge not in the ordinary course of business (as reasonably determined and calculated by the Borrower in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive) (including fees, expenses and charges (or any amortization thereof)
associated with the Transactions, the Tranche B Effective Date Transactions or any acquisition, merger or consolidation, whether or not completed), any severance, relocation, consolidation, closing, integration, facilities opening, business
optimization and/or similar initiatives or programs, transition or restructuring costs, charges or expenses (whether or not classified as restructuring costs, charges or expenses on the consolidated financial statements of the Borrower), any
signing, stretch, retention or completion bonuses, and any costs associated with curtailments or modifications to pension and post-retirement employee benefit plans, 
 20 

(v) the cumulative effect of a change in accounting
principles and changes as a result of the adoption or modification of accounting policies, (vi) all
deferred financing costs written off and premiums paid in connection with any early extinguishment of Indebtedness or Hedging Obligations or other derivative instruments, 
 (vii) any unrealized gains or losses in respect of Hedge Agreements, 
 (viii) any unrealized foreign currency translation or transaction gains or losses, including in respect of
Indebtedness of any Person denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of such Person, 
 (ix) any non-cash compensation charge arising from any grant of limited liability company interests, stock,
stock options or other equity based awards, (x) to the extent otherwise included in Consolidated Net
Income, any unrealized foreign currency translation or transaction gains or losses, including in respect of Indebtedness or other obligations of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary owing to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, 
 (xi) any non-cash charge, expense or other impact attributable to application of the purchase or
recapitalization method of accounting (including the total amount of depreciation and amortization, cost of sales or other non-cash expense resulting from the write-up of assets to the extent resulting from such purchase or recapitalization
accounting adjustments), non-cash charges for deferred tax valuation allowances and non-cash gains, losses, income and expenses resulting from fair value accounting required by the applicable standard under GAAP, 
 (xii) any impairment charge or asset write-off, including any charge or write-off related to intangible assets,
long-lived assets or investments in debt and equity securities, and any amortization of intangibles, 
 (xiii) expenses related to the conversion of various employee benefit and equity programs in connection with
the Transactions or the Tranche B Effective Date Transactions, and non-cash compensation related expenses, 
 (xiv) any fees and expenses (or amortization thereof), and any charges or costs, in connection with or related
to any acquisition, Investment, Asset Disposition, issuance of Capital Stock or other equity offering, dividend, distribution or other Restricted Payment, Incurrence, Discharge or refinancing of Indebtedness, or amendment or modification of any
agreement or instrument relating to any Indebtedness (in each case, whether or not completed, consummated or Incurred, and including i any such transaction consummated prior to the Closing Date, ii any offering or sale of
Capital Stock of a Parent Entity or an IPO Vehicle to the extent the proceeds thereof were contributed, or if not consummated, were intended to be contributed to the equity capital of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries and iii any rating agency fees, consulting fees and other related expenses and/or letter of credit or similar fees), 
 21 

(xv) to the extent covered by insurance and actually
reimbursed (or the Borrower has determined that there exists reasonable evidence that such amount will be reimbursed by the insurer and such amount is not denied by the applicable insurer in writing within 180 days and is reimbursed within 365 days
of the date of such evidence (with a deduction in any future calculation of Consolidated Net Income for any amount so added back to the extent not so reimbursed within such 365 day period)), any expenses with respect to liability or casualty events
or business interruption, (xvi) any expenses, charges and losses in the form of earn-out obligations and
contingent consideration obligations (including to the extent accounted for as performance and retention bonuses, compensation or otherwise) and adjustments thereof and purchase price adjustments, in each case paid in connection with any
acquisition, merger or consolidation or Investment, (xvii) any expenses or reserves for liabilities to the
extent that the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary is entitled to indemnification therefor under binding agreements and is actually reimbursed (or the Borrower has determined that there exists reasonable evidence that such amount will be
reimbursed by the indemnifying party and such amount is not denied by the applicable indemnifying party in writing within 180 days and is reimbursed within 365 days of the date of such evidence (with a deduction in any future calculation of
Consolidated Net Income for any amount so added back to the extent not so reimbursed within such 365 day period)), 
 (xviii) any accruals and reserves established or adjusted within 12 months after the Closing Date that are
established as a result of the Transactions, and (xix) effects of adjustments to accruals and reserves
established during a prior period attributable to any change in the methodology of calculating reserves for returns, rebates and other chargebacks (including government program rebates), 
 provided , further , that the exclusion of any item pursuant to the foregoing clauses (i) through (xix) shall also
exclude the tax impact of any such item, if applicable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the purpose of Subsection
8.2(a)(3)(A) only, there shall be excluded from Consolidated Net Income, without duplication, any income consisting of dividends, repayments of loans or advances or other transfers of assets from Unrestricted Subsidiaries to the Borrower or a
Restricted Subsidiary, and any income consisting of return of capital, repayment or other proceeds from dispositions or repayments of Investments consisting of Restricted Payments, in each case to the extent such income would be included in
Consolidated Net Income and such related dividends, repayments, transfers, return of capital or other proceeds are applied by the Borrower to increase the amount of Restricted Payments permitted under Subsection 8.2(a)(3)(C) or (D) .
 In addition, Consolidated Net Income for any period ending on or prior to the Closing Date shall be determined based upon
the net income (loss) reflected in the combined financial statements of the Waterworks Business for such period, with pro forma effect being given to the Transactions; and each Person that is a Restricted Subsidiary upon giving effect to the
Transactions shall be deemed to be a Restricted Subsidiary and the Transactions shall not constitute a sale or disposition under clause (iii) above, for purposes of such determination. 
 22 

Consolidated Secured Indebtedness : as of any date of
determination, i an amount equal to the Consolidated Total Indebtedness (without regard to clause (iii) of the definition thereof) as of such date that, in each case is then secured by Liens on Collateral (other than x Indebtedness secured by a Lien ranking junior to or subordinated to the Liens securing the Term Loan Facility Obligations (but, for the avoidance of doubt, not excluding ABL Facility Loans or other Consolidated Total Indebtedness
secured by Liens pari passu therewith), y property or assets held in a defeasance or similar trust or arrangement for the benefit of the Indebtedness secured thereby and z solely with respect to the determination
of the amount available to be Incurred pursuant to the Ratio Incremental Facility and clause (s) of Permitted Liens , Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to the Cash Capped Incremental Facility), minus ii the sum of A the amount of such Indebtedness consisting of Indebtedness of a type referred to in, or Incurred pursuant to, Subsection 8.1(b)(ix) , B Unrestricted Cash of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (excluding
any proceeds of any Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of ABL Facility Loans or loans under any other revolving facility) and C the average daily balance of Unrestricted Cash of the Borrower and its
Restricted Subsidiaries that is proceeds of any Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of ABL Facility Loans or loans under any other revolving facility for the most recent four consecutive Fiscal Quarters of the
Borrower (or, any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle whose financial statements satisfy the Borrower s reporting obligations under Subsection 7.1 ending prior to the date of determination for which consolidated financial statements of
the Borrower are available. Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio : as of any date of determination, the
ratio of i Consolidated Secured Indebtedness as at such date (after giving effect to any Incurrence or Discharge of Indebtedness on such date) to ii the Four Quarter Consolidated EBITDA as of such date; provided 
that, x in the event that the Borrower shall classify Indebtedness Incurred on the date of determination as secured in part pursuant to clause (k)(1) of the Permitted Liens definition in respect of Indebtedness Incurred
pursuant to the Ratio Incremental Facility and in part pursuant to such clause (k)(1) in respect of Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to Subsection 8.1(b)(i) (other than pursuant to the Ratio Incremental Facility) or one or more other clauses or
subclauses of the definition of Permitted Liens (other than clause (s)), as provided in clause (w) of the final paragraph of such definition, any calculation of the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio on such date of determination,
including in the definition of Maximum Incremental Facilities Amount , shall not include any such Indebtedness (and shall not give effect to any Discharge of Indebtedness from the proceeds thereof) not Incurred pursuant to the Ratio
Incremental Facility and y in the event that the Borrower shall classify Indebtedness Incurred on the date of determination as secured in part pursuant to clause (s) of the Permitted Liens definition and in part
pursuant to one or more other clause of the definition of Permitted Liens (other than clause (k)(1) in respect of Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to the Ratio Incremental Facility), as provided in clause (x) of the final paragraph of
such definition, any calculation of the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio on such date of determination shall not include any such Indebtedness (and shall not give effect to any Discharge of Indebtedness from the proceeds thereof) to the extent
secured pursuant to any such other clause of such definition. 
 23 

Consolidated Tangible Assets : as of any date of
determination, the total assets, less the sum of the goodwill and other intangible assets, in each case that is or would be reflected on the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower as at the end of the most recently ended Fiscal Quarter of the
Borrower for which such a balance sheet of the Borrower (or, any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle whose financial statements satisfy the Borrower s reporting obligations under Subsection 7.1 is available, determined on a Consolidated
basis in accordance with GAAP (and, in the case of any determination relating to any Incurrence of Indebtedness or Liens or any Investment, on a pro forma basis including any property or assets being acquired in connection therewith). 
 Consolidated Total Indebtedness : as of any date of determination, an amount equal to i the
aggregate principal amount of outstanding Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries as of such date consisting of (without duplication) Indebtedness for borrowed money (including Purchase Money Obligations and unreimbursed
outstanding drawn amounts under funded letters of credit); Financing Lease Obligations; debt obligations evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments (but excluding surety bonds, performance bonds or other similar instruments);
Disqualified Stock; and (in the case of any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor) Preferred Stock, determined on a Consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP (excluding x items eliminated in Consolidation, y Hedging Obligations and z any outstanding Indebtedness under any revolving credit facility), plus ii the average daily balance of Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries under
any revolving credit facility for the most recent four consecutive Fiscal Quarters of the Borrower ending prior to the date of determination for which consolidated financial statements of the Borrower (or, any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle whose
financial statements satisfy the Borrower s reporting obligations under Subsection 7.1 are available provided that for any date prior to the Closing Date the daily balance of Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Restricted
Subsidiaries under revolving credit facilities shall be deemed to be 0), minus iii the sum of A the amount of such Indebtedness consisting of Indebtedness of a type referred to in, or Incurred pursuant to, Subsection
8.1(b)(ix) , B Unrestricted Cash of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries (excluding any proceeds of any Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of ABL Facility Loans or loans under any other
revolving facility) and C the average daily balance of Unrestricted Cash of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries that is proceeds of any Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries in respect of ABL Facility
Loans or loans under any other revolving facility for the most recent four consecutive Fiscal Quarters of the Borrower (or, any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle whose financial statements satisfy the Borrower s reporting obligations under
 Subsection 7.1 ending prior to the date of determination for which consolidated financial statements of the Borrower are available. For purposes hereof, any earn-out or similar obligations shall
not constitute Consolidated Total Indebtedness until such obligation becomes a liability on the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower in accordance with GAAP and is not paid within 30 days after becoming due and payable. 
 24 

Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio : as of any date of
determination, the ratio of i Consolidated Total Indebtedness as at such date (after giving effect to any Incurrence or Discharge of Indebtedness on such date) to ii the Four Quarter Consolidated EBITDA as of such date;
 provided that, for purposes of the foregoing calculation, in the event that the Borrower shall classify Indebtedness Incurred on the date of determination as Incurred in part pursuant to Subsection 8.1(b)(x) (other than by reason of
subclause (2) or (4) of the proviso to such clause (x)) or Subsection 8.1(b)(xvii)) and in part pursuant to one or more other clauses or subclauses of Subsection 8.1(b) and/or (unless the Borrower at its option has elected to
disregard Indebtedness being Incurred on the date of determination in part pursuant to subclause (2) or (4) of the proviso to Subsection 8.1(b)(x) or Subsection 8.1(b)(xvii) for purposes of calculating the Consolidated
Coverage Ratio for Incurring Indebtedness on the date of determination in part under Subsection 8.1(a) pursuant to Subsection 8.1(a) (as provided in Subsections 8.1(c)(ii) and (iii) ), Consolidated Total Indebtedness
shall not include any such Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to one or more such other clauses or subclauses of Subsection 8.1(b) and/or pursuant to Subsection 8.1(a) , and shall not give effect to any Discharge of any Indebtedness from
the proceeds of any such Indebtedness being disregarded for purposes of the calculation of the Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio on such date of determination that otherwise would be included in Consolidated Total Indebtedness. 
 Consolidated Working Capital : at any date, the excess of a the sum of all amounts (other than
cash, Cash Equivalents and Temporary Cash Investments) that would, in conformity with GAAP, be set forth opposite the caption total current assets (or any like caption) on a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower at such date
excluding the current portion of current and deferred income taxes over b the sum of all amounts that would, in conformity with GAAP, be set forth opposite the caption total current liabilities (or any like caption) on a
consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower on such date, including deferred revenue but excluding, without duplication, i the current portion of any Funded Debt, ii all Indebtedness consisting of Loans to the extent
otherwise included therein, iii the current portion of interest and iv the current portion of current and deferred income taxes. 
 Consolidation : the consolidation of the accounts of each of the Restricted Subsidiaries with those of the
Borrower in accordance with GAAP; provided that Consolidation will not include consolidation of the accounts of any Unrestricted Subsidiary, but the interest of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in any Unrestricted
Subsidiary will be accounted for as an investment. The term Consolidated has a correlative meaning. For purposes of this Agreement for periods ending on or prior to the Closing Date, references to the consolidated financial
statements of the Borrower (or, any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle whose financial statements satisfy the Borrower s reporting obligations under Subsection 7.1 shall be to the combined financial statements of the Waterworks Business
for such period, with pro forma effect being given to the Transactions (with Subsidiaries that comprise the Waterworks Business that are Subsidiaries of the Borrower after giving effect to the Transactions being deemed Subsidiaries of the Borrower),
as the context may require. Contingent Obligation : with respect to any Person, any obligation of such
Person guaranteeing any obligation that does not constitute Indebtedness (a primary obligation of any other Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including any obligation of such Person,
whether or not contingent, 1 to purchase any such primary obligation or any property constituting direct or indirect security therefor, 2 to advance or supply funds a for the purchase or payment of any such
primary obligation or b to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor or 3 to purchase property, securities or services
primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof. 
 25 

Contract Consideration : as defined in Subsection
4.4(e)(iii)(A)(2)(z) . Contractual Obligation : as to any Person, any provision of any material
security issued by such Person or of any material agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 
 Contribution Amounts : the aggregate amount of capital contributions applied by the Borrower to permit the
Incurrence of Contribution Indebtedness pursuant to Subsection 8.1(b)(xi) . Contribution
Indebtedness : Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in an aggregate principal amount not greater than twice the aggregate amount of cash contributions (other than Excluded Contributions, the Pubco IPO Transaction
Proceeds, the proceeds from the issuance of Disqualified Stock or contributions by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary) made to the capital of the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary after the Closing Date (whether through the issuance or
sale of Capital Stock or otherwise); provided that such Contribution Indebtedness a is Incurred within 180 days after the receipt of the related cash contribution and b is so designated as Contribution Indebtedness
pursuant to a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower promptly following the date of Incurrence thereof. 
 Core Main Buyer : Core Main Buyer, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and any successor in
interest thereto. Core Main Connector : Core Main Connector, LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company, and any successor in interest thereto. Covered Entity : any of the
following: i a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); ii a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance
with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or iii a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 
 Covered Instrument : as defined in Subsection 11.1(k ). 
 Covered Liabilities : as defined in Subsection 11.21 . 
 COVID-19 : the novel coronavirus disease, COVID-19 virus (SARS-COV-2 and all related strains and sequences)
or mutation (or antigenic shift or drift) thereof or a disease or public health emergency resulting therefrom. 
 Cured Default : as defined in Subsection 1.2(c) . 
 Currency Agreement : in respect of a Person, any foreign exchange contract, currency swap agreement or other
similar agreement or arrangements (including derivative agreements or arrangements), as to which such Person is a party or a beneficiary. 
 Debt Financing : the debt financing transactions contemplated under a the Loan Documents, b the ABL Facility Documents and c the Senior Notes Documents, in each case including any Interest Rate Agreements related thereto. 
 26 

Declined Amounts : the sum of x the Term
Loan Declined Amounts and y the amount of Excess Cash Flow and Net Available Cash of any Asset Disposition offered (to the extent the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary is required by the terms thereof) to prepay, repay or purchase
other Indebtedness that is secured by the Collateral on a pari passu basis with the Obligations and which the holders of such Indebtedness decline to accept pursuant to terms equivalent to Subsection 4.4(h) (as determined by the
Borrower in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive). Default : any of the events specified
in Subsection 9.1 , whether or not any requirement for the giving of notice (other than, in the case of Subsection 9.1(e) , a Default Notice), the lapse of time, or both, or any other condition specified in Subsection 9.1 , has
been satisfied. Default Direction : as defined in Subsection 11.1(k) . 
 Default Notice : as defined in Subsection 9.1(e) . 
 Default Right : has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12
C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. Defaulting Lender : subject to Subsection
4.14(g) , any Lender or Agent whose circumstances, acts or failure to act, whether directly or indirectly, cause it to meet any part of the definition of Lender Default . 
 Deposit Account : any deposit account (as such term is defined in Article 9 of the UCC). 
 Designated Affiliate : as defined in Subsection 11.1(k ). 
 Designated Noncash Consideration : the non-cash consideration received by the Borrower or one of its
Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with an Asset Disposition that is so designated as Designated Noncash Consideration pursuant to a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, setting forth the basis of such valuation. 
 Designated Preferred Stock : Preferred Stock of the Borrower (other than Disqualified Stock) or any Parent
Entity or IPO Vehicle that is issued after the Closing Date for cash (other than to a Restricted Subsidiary) and is so designated as Designated Preferred Stock, pursuant to a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower; provided that
the cash proceeds of such issuance shall be excluded from the calculation set forth in Subsection 8.2(a)(3)(B) . 
 Designation Date : as defined in Subsection 2.10(f) . 
 Discharge : to repay, repurchase, redeem, defease or otherwise acquire, retire or discharge; and the term
 Discharged shall have a correlative meaning. Discharge of ABL Collateral Obligations : the
 Discharge of ABL Collateral Obligations as defined in the ABL/Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement or the equivalent term in any Other Intercreditor Agreement. 
 27 

Discount Prepayment Accepting Lender : as defined in
 Subsection 4.4(l)(ii)(2) . Discount Range : as defined in Subsection 4.4(l)(iii)(1) . 
 Discount Range Prepayment Amount : as defined in Subsection 4.4(l)(iii)(1) . 
 Discount Range Prepayment Notice : a written notice of the Borrower Solicitation of Discount Range
Prepayment Offers made pursuant to Subsection 4.4(l) substantially in the form of Exhibit O . 
 Discount Range Prepayment Offer : the irrevocable written offer by a Lender, substantially in the form of
 Exhibit P , submitted in response to an invitation to submit offers following the Administrative Agent s receipt of a Discount Range Prepayment Notice. 
 Discount Range Prepayment Response Date : as defined in Subsection 4.4(l)(iii)(1) . 
 Discount Range Proration : as defined in Subsection 4.4(l)(iii)(3) . 
 Discounted Prepayment Determination Date : as defined in Subsection 4.4(l)(iv)(3) . 
 Discounted Prepayment Effective Date : in the case of a Borrower Offer of Specified Discount Prepayment,
Borrower Solicitation of Discount Range Prepayment Offers or Borrower Solicitation of Discounted Prepayment Offers, or otherwise, the date that is five Business Days following the receipt by each relevant Lender of notice from the Administrative
Agent in accordance with Subsection 4.4(l)(ii) , Subsection 4.4(l)(iii) or Subsection 4.4(l)(iv) , as applicable unless a shorter period is agreed to between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 Discounted Term Loan Prepayment : as defined in Subsection 4.4(l)(i) . 
 Disinterested Directors : with respect to any Affiliate Transaction, one or more members of the Board of
Directors of the Borrower, or one or more members of the Board of Directors of a Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle, having no material direct or indirect financial interest in or with respect to such Affiliate Transaction. A member of any such Board of
Directors shall not be deemed to have such a financial interest by reason of such member s holding Capital Stock of the Borrower or any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle or any options, warrants or other rights in respect of such Capital Stock or by
reason of such member receiving any compensation from the Borrower or any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle, as applicable, on whose Board of Directors such member serves in respect of such member s role as director. 
 Disposition : as defined in the definition of Asset Disposition in this Subsection 1.1 .
 
 28 

Disqualified Party : i any competitor of the
Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries that is in the same or a similar line of business as the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries or any affiliate of such competitor, ii any Person whose principal investment strategy is
investing in distressed debt or the pursuance of loan-to-own strategies that is identified from time to time in writing by the Borrower or CD R to the Administrative Agent, iii any Person designated in writing by the Borrower or
CD R to the Administrative Agent a on or prior to the First Amendment Effective Date or b following the First Amendment Effective Date with the consent of the Administrative Agent (which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); provided , that in no event shall any notice given pursuant to clauses (ii) and (iii)(b) above apply to retroactively disqualify any Person who previously acquired and continues to hold, any
Loans, Commitments or participations prior to the receipt of such notice, and iv any Lender that has made an incorrect representation or warranty or deemed representation or warranty with respect to not being a Net Short Lender as
provided in Subsection 11.1(k) ; provided , that any Lender that has inadvertently or unintentionally made such incorrect representation or warranty or deemed representation or warranty with respect to not being a Net Short Lender shall
cease to be a Disqualified Party if it has notified the Borrower in good faith that it has made such incorrect representation or warranty or deemed representation or warranty inadvertently or unintentionally. 
 Disqualified Stock : with respect to any Person, any Capital Stock (other than Management Stock) that by its
terms (or by the terms of any security into which it is convertible or for which it is exchangeable or exercisable) or upon the happening of any event (other than following the occurrence of a Change of Control or other similar event described under
such terms as a change of control or an Asset Disposition or other disposition) i matures or is mandatorily redeemable pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise, ii is convertible or exchangeable for
Indebtedness or Disqualified Stock or iii is redeemable at the option of the holder thereof (other than following the occurrence of a Change of Control or other similar event described under such terms as a change of
control or an Asset Disposition or other disposition), in whole or in part, in each case on or prior to the Initial Term Loan Maturity Date; provided that Capital Stock issued to any employee benefit plan, or by any such plan to any
employees of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, shall not constitute Disqualified Stock solely because it may be required to be repurchased or otherwise acquired or retired in order to satisfy applicable statutory or regulatory obligations. 
 Division : as defined in Subsection 1.2(k) . 
 Dollars and : dollars in lawful currency of the United States of America. 
 Domestic Borrowing Base : the sum of 1 90.0 of the book value of Inventory of the Borrower
and its Domestic Subsidiaries that are Restricted Subsidiaries, 2 90.0 of the book value of Receivables of the Borrower and its Domestic Subsidiaries that are Restricted Subsidiaries and 3 cash, Cash Equivalents and
Temporary Cash Investments of the Borrower and its Domestic Subsidiaries that are Restricted Subsidiaries (in each case, determined as of the end of the most recently ended fiscal month of the Borrower for which internal consolidated financial
statements of the Borrower (or, any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle whose financial statements satisfy the Borrower s reporting obligations under Subsection 7.1 are available, and, in the case of any determination relating to any
Incurrence of Indebtedness, on a pro forma basis including x any property or assets of a type described above acquired since the end of such fiscal month and y any property or assets of a type described above being
acquired in connection therewith). 
 29 

Domestic Subsidiary : any Restricted Subsidiary of the
Borrower other than a Foreign Subsidiary. Earlier Maturity Date Basket : at any date of determination,
an amount equal to the greater of 1 200,000,000 and 2 50.0 of Four Quarter Consolidated EBITDA. 
 ECF Acquisition : as defined in clause (a)(iii) of the definition of Excess Cash Flow . 
 ECF Disposition : as defined in clause (a)(iii) of the definition of Excess Cash Flow . 
 ECF Payment Date : as defined in Subsection 4.4(e)(iii) . 
 ECF Prepayment Amount : as defined in Subsection 4.4(e)(iii) . 
 EEA Financial Institution : a any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA
Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, b any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition and is subject to
the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, or c any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a Subsidiary of an institution described in clause (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to
consolidated supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority with its parent. EEA Member Country : any of
the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. EEA Resolution Authority :
any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Environmental Costs : any and all costs or expenses (including attorney s and consultant s fees,
investigation and laboratory fees, response costs, court costs and litigation expenses, fines, penalties, damages, settlement payments, judgments and awards), of whatever kind or nature, known or unknown, contingent or otherwise, arising out of, or
in any way relating to, any actual or alleged violation of, noncompliance with or liability under any Environmental Laws. Environmental Costs include any and all of the foregoing, without regard to whether they arise out of or are related to any
past, pending or threatened proceeding of any kind. Environmental Laws : any and all U.S. or foreign,
federal, state, provincial, territorial, local or municipal laws, rules, orders, enforceable guidelines and orders-in-council, regulations, statutes, ordinances, codes, decrees, and such requirements of any Governmental Authority properly
promulgated and having the force and effect of law or other Requirements of Law (including common law) regulating, relating to or imposing liability or standards of conduct concerning protection of human health (as it relates to exposure to
Materials of Environmental Concern) or the environment, as have been, or now or at any relevant time hereafter are, in effect. 
 30 

Environmental Permits : any and all permits, licenses,
registrations, notifications, exemptions and any other authorization required under any Environmental Law. 
 Equity Contribution : the direct or indirect cash equity contribution to Passthrough Holdings and New
Blocker (with any cash equity contribution to Passthrough Holdings and New Blocker used in full to finance the Transactions or otherwise contributed to the Borrower) by CD R Fund X and any other investors arranged by CD R (collectively, the
 Investors ), in an aggregate amount, when combined with the value of the equity of management of the Waterworks Business retained, rolled over or otherwise invested in connection with the Transactions is equal to at least 25 of
the pro forma capitalization of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries after giving effect to the Transactions; provided that, for purposes of such calculation increased levels of Indebtedness x from any ABL Facility Loans Incurred
on the Closing Date, other than Borrowings to finance the Transactions and y as a result of OID and/or upfront fees in respect of the Facilities and/or the Senior Notes other than the upfront fees (including such upfront fees that are
structured as OID) payable under the Fee Letter shall be excluded from such calculation. ERISA : the
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 Escrow Borrower : as defined in Subsection 2.8(a) . 
 Escrow Subsidiary : a Wholly Owned Domestic Subsidiary formed, established or designated for the purpose of
Incurring Indebtedness the proceeds of which will be subject to an escrow or other similar arrangement; provided that upon the termination of all such escrow or similar arrangements of such Subsidiary, such Subsidiary shall cease to
constitute an Escrow Subsidiary hereunder and shall merge with and into the Borrower or one of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is a Loan Party in accordance with Subsection 8.7 . Prior to its merger with and into such Person, each
Escrow Subsidiary shall not own, hold or otherwise have any interest in any material assets other than the proceeds of the applicable Indebtedness Incurred by such Escrow Subsidiary and any cash, Cash Equivalents or Temporary Cash Investments
invested in such Escrow Subsidiary to cover interest and premium in respect of such Indebtedness. Ethically
Screened Affiliate : any Affiliate of a Person that i is managed as to day-to-day matters (but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, as to strategic direction and similar matters) independently from such Person and any other
Affiliate of such Person that is not an Ethically Screened Affiliate, ii has in place customary information screens between it and such Person and any other Affiliate of such Person that is not an Ethically Screened Affiliate and iii such Person or any other Affiliate of such Person that is not an Ethically Screened Affiliate does not direct or cause the direction of the investment policies of such entity, nor does such Person s or any such other
Affiliate s investment decisions influence the investment decisions of such entity. EU Bail-In Legislation
Schedule : the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 
 31 

Eurodollar Loans : Loans the rate of interest applicable to
which is based upon the Adjusted LIBOR Rate. 
 Event of Default : any of the events specified in Subsection 9.1 , provided that any
requirement for the giving of notice, the lapse of time, or both, or any other condition, has been satisfied. 
 Excess Cash Flow : for any period, an amount equal to the excess of: 
 (a) the sum, without duplication, of 
 (i) Consolidated Net Income for such period, 
 (ii) an amount equal to the amount of all non-cash charges to the extent deducted in calculating such
Consolidated Net Income and cash receipts to the extent excluded in calculating such Consolidated Net Income (except to the extent such cash receipts are attributable to revenue or other items that would be included in calculating Consolidated Net
Income for any prior period), (iii) decreases in Consolidated Working Capital for such period (other than
any such decreases arising x from any acquisition or disposition of a any business unit, division, line of business or Person or b any assets other than in the ordinary course of business (each, an
 ECF Acquisition or ECF Disposition , respectively) by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries completed during such period, y from the application of purchase accounting or z as a
result of the reclassification of any balance sheet item from short-term to long-term or vice versa), (iv)
an amount equal to the aggregate net non-cash loss on Asset Dispositions (or any disposition specifically excluded from the definition of Asset Disposition by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary during such period (other than in
the ordinary course of business) to the extent deducted in calculating such Consolidated Net Income, (v)
cash receipts in respect of Hedge Agreements during such period to the extent not otherwise included in calculating such Consolidated Net Income, and 
 (vi) any extraordinary, unusual, nonrecurring, exceptional, special or infrequent cash gain and any other cash
gain not in the ordinary course of business (as reasonably determined and calculated by the Borrower in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive), in each case to the extent deducted in calculating such Consolidated Net Income, 
 over (b) the sum, without duplication, of 
 (i) an amount equal to the amount of all non-cash credits included in calculating such Consolidated Net Income
and cash charges to the extent not deducted in calculating such Consolidated Net Income, 
 32 

(ii) [reserved], 
 (iii) the aggregate amount of all principal payments, purchases or other retirements of Indebtedness of the
Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries (including A the principal component of payments in respect of Financing Lease Obligations and B the amount of a mandatory prepayment of Term Loans pursuant to Subsection
4.4(e)(i) and any mandatory prepayment, repayment or redemption of Pari Passu Indebtedness pursuant to requirements under the agreements governing such Pari Passu Indebtedness similar to the requirements set forth in Subsection 4.4(e)(i) 
(as determined by the Borrower in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive), to the extent required due to an Asset Disposition (or any disposition specifically excluded from the definition of Asset Disposition that resulted
in an increase to Consolidated Net Income and not in excess of the amount of such increase, but excluding x all other prepayments of Loans, y all prepayments of ABL Facility Loans and z all prepayments of
revolving loans (other than Revolving Loans hereunder), to the extent there is not an equivalent permanent reduction in commitments thereunder) made during such period, except to the extent financed with the proceeds of long-term Indebtedness of the
Borrower or the Restricted Subsidiaries, (iv) an amount equal to the aggregate net non-cash gain on Asset
Dispositions (or any disposition specifically excluded from the definition of Asset Disposition by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries during such period (other than in the ordinary course of business) to the extent included in
calculating such Consolidated Net Income, (v) increases in Consolidated Working Capital for such period
(other than any such increases arising x from any ECF Acquisition or ECF Disposition by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries completed during such period, y from the application of purchase accounting or z as a result of the reclassification of any balance sheet item from short-term to long-term or vice versa), 
 (vi) payments by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries during such period in respect of long-term
liabilities of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries other than Indebtedness, to the extent not already deducted in calculating Consolidated Net Income, 
 (vii) [reserved], 
 (viii) the amount of Restricted Payments (other than Investments) made in cash during such period (on a
consolidated basis) by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries pursuant to Subsection 8.2(b) (other than with respect to Related Taxes pursuant to Subsection 8.2(b)(vii)(C) and pursuant to Subsections 8.2(b)(vi) ,
 (vii)(B) and (xvi) ), to the extent such Restricted Payments were financed with internally generated cash flow of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries, 
 33 

(ix) the aggregate amount of expenditures actually made by
the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries in cash during such period (including expenditures for the payment of financing fees) to the extent that such expenditures are not expensed during such period and are not deducted in calculating
Consolidated Net Income, (x) the aggregate amount of any premium, make-whole or penalty payments actually
paid in cash by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries during such period that are made in connection with any prepayment of Indebtedness to the extent that such payments are not deducted in calculating Consolidated Net Income, 
 (xi) [reserved], 
 (xii) the aggregate amount of Permitted Payments made pursuant to Subsection 8.2(b)(vii)(B) , with
respect to Related Taxes pursuant to Subsection 8.2(b)(vii)(C) and taxes (including penalties and interest) paid in cash or tax reserves set aside or payable (without duplication) in such period to the extent they exceed the amount of tax
expense deducted in calculating such Consolidated Net Income for such period, (xiii) cash expenditures in
respect of Hedge Agreements during such period to the extent not deducted in calculating such Consolidated Net Income, and 
 (xiv) v any extraordinary, unusual, nonrecurring, exceptional, special or infrequent cash loss or
charge and any other cash loss or charge not in the ordinary course of business (as reasonably determined and calculated by the Borrower in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive) (including fees, expenses, charges (or any amortization
thereof) associated with the Transactions, the Tranche B Effective Date Transactions or any acquisition, merger or consolidation, whether or not completed), w any fees and expenses (or amortization thereof), and any charges or costs,
in connection with or related to any acquisition, Investment, Asset Disposition, issuance of Capital Stock or other equity offering, dividend, distribution or other Restricted Payment, Incurrence, Discharge or refinancing of Indebtedness, or
amendment or modification of any agreement or instrument relating to any Indebtedness (in each case, whether or not completed, consummated or Incurred, and including i any such transaction consummated prior to the Closing Date, ii any offering or sale of Capital Stock of a Parent Entity or an IPO Vehicle to the extent the proceeds thereof were contributed, or if not consummated, were intended to be contributed to the equity capital of the Borrower or any of
its Restricted Subsidiaries and iii any rating agency fees, consulting fees and other related expenses and/or letter of credit or similar fees), x any severance, relocation, consolidation, closing, integration, facilities
opening, business optimization and/or similar initiatives or programs, transition or restructuring costs, charges or expenses (whether or not classified as restructuring costs, charges or expenses on the consolidated financial statements of the
Borrower), y any signing, stretch, retention or completion bonuses and z any costs associated with curtailments or modifications to pension and post-retirement employee benefit plans, in each case, to the extent not
already deducted in calculating Consolidated Net Income. 
 34 

For the avoidance of doubt, any amounts received or paid in respect of
purchase price adjustments in accordance with the Plumb Acquisition Agreement shall be disregarded in calculating Excess Cash Flow. 
 Exchange Act : the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time. 
 Exchange Agreement : the Exchange Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2021, by and among Pubco, Topco and
certain holders of Capital Stock in Topco from time to time party thereto, pursuant to which, among other things, such holders may exchange Capital Stock in Topco and Capital Stock in Pubco for Capital Stock in Pubco or, at the election of
Pubco s board of directors and subject to certain conditions, cash, as the same may be amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Exchanging Term Lender : as defined in Subsection 2.1(c)(ii) . 
 Excluded Affiliate : as defined in Subsection 11.1(k) . 
 Excluded Assets : as defined in the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement. 
 Excluded Contribution : Net Cash Proceeds, or the Fair Market Value (as of the date of contribution,
issuance or sale) of property or assets, received by the Borrower as capital contributions to the Borrower after the Closing Date or from the issuance or sale (other than to a Restricted Subsidiary) of Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock or
Designated Preferred Stock) of the Borrower, in each case to the extent designated as an Excluded Contribution pursuant to a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower and not previously included in the calculation set forth in
 Subsection 8.2(a)(3)(B)(x) for purposes of determining whether a Restricted Payment may be made. Excluded
Information : as defined in Subsection 4.4(l)(i) . Excluded Liability : any liability
that is excluded under the Bail-In Legislation from the scope of any Bail-In Action including, without limitation, any liability excluded pursuant to Article 44 of the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive. 
 Excluded Subsidiary : at any date of determination, any Subsidiary of the Borrower: 
 (a) that is an Immaterial Subsidiary; 
 (b) that is prohibited by Requirement of Law or Contractual Obligations existing on the Closing Date (or, in
the case of any newly acquired Subsidiary, in existence at the time of acquisition but not entered into in contemplation thereof) from Guaranteeing, or granting Liens to secure, the Term Loan Facility Obligations or if Guaranteeing, or granting
Liens to secure, the Term Loan Facility Obligations would require governmental (including regulatory) consent, approval, license or authorization unless such consent, approval, license or authorization has been received; 
 35 

(c) with respect to which the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent reasonably agree that the burden or cost or other consequences of providing a guarantee of the Term Loan Facility Obligations shall be excessive in view of the benefits to be obtained by the Lenders therefrom; 
 (d) with respect to which the provision of such guarantee of the Term Loan Facility Obligations would result in
material adverse tax consequences to Management Holdings, Waterworks Holdings LP, Waterworks Holdings LLC, Pubco, New Blocker, Topco or one of its Subsidiaries (or, at the election of the Borrower in connection with an initial public offering or
other restructuring of the Borrower, any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries) (as determined by the Borrower in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive, and the Borrower shall take commercially
reasonable efforts to promptly notify the Administrative Agent of any such determination, but failure to so notify the Administrative Agent shall not invalidate such determination); 
 (e) that is a Subsidiary of a Foreign Subsidiary; 
 (f) that is a joint venture or Non-Wholly Owned Subsidiary; 
 (g) that is an Unrestricted Subsidiary; 
 (h) that is an Insurance Subsidiary; 
 (i) that is a Special Purpose Entity; 
 (j) that is a Subsidiary formed solely for the purpose of x becoming a Parent Entity, or y merging with the Borrower in connection with another Subsidiary becoming a Parent Entity, in each case to the extent such entity becomes a Parent Entity or is merged with the Borrower within 60 days of the formation thereof, or
otherwise creating or forming a Parent Entity; (k) that is a Subsidiary acquired by the Borrower or any
Subsidiary and, at the time of the relevant acquisition, is an obligor in respect of Acquired Indebtedness to the extent (and solely for so long as) the documents or instruments governing the applicable Acquired Indebtedness prohibits such
Subsidiary from granting a Guarantee of the Term Loan Facility Obligations; (l) that is an Escrow
Subsidiary; or (m) that is a not-for-profit Subsidiary; 
 provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, x no Subsidiary that becomes a Guarantor at the election of the Borrower
pursuant to Subsection 7.9(b) shall be an Excluded Subsidiary until it is released from its Term Loan Facility Obligations pursuant to Subsection 7.9(b) and y any Domestic Subsidiary that Guarantees the payment of, or is
a borrower or obligor in respect of, the Senior ABL Facility shall not be an Excluded Subsidiary. 
 36 

Subject to the proviso in the preceding sentence, any Subsidiary that fails to meet the
foregoing requirements as of the last day of the period of the most recent four consecutive Fiscal Quarters for which consolidated financial statements of the Borrower (or, any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle whose financial statements satisfy the
Borrower s reporting obligations under Subsection 7.1 are available shall continue to be deemed an Excluded Subsidiary hereunder until the date that is 60 days following the date on which such annual or quarterly financial
statements were required to be delivered pursuant to Subsection 7.1 with respect to such period. Excluded
Taxes : a any Taxes measured by or imposed upon the net income of any Agent or Lender or its applicable lending office, or any branch or affiliate thereof, and all franchise Taxes, branch Taxes, Taxes on doing business or
Taxes measured by or imposed upon the overall capital or net worth of any such Agent or Lender or its applicable lending office, or any branch or affiliate thereof, in each case imposed: i by the jurisdiction under the laws of which
such Agent or Lender, applicable lending office, branch or affiliate is organized or is located, or in which its principal executive office is located, or any nation within which such jurisdiction is located or any political subdivision thereof; or ii by reason of any connection between the jurisdiction imposing such Tax and such Agent or Lender, applicable lending office, branch or affiliate other than a connection arising solely from such Agent or Lender having executed,
delivered or performed its obligations under, or received payment under or enforced, this Agreement or any Notes, and b any Tax imposed by FATCA. 
 Exempt Sale and Leaseback Transaction : any Sale and Leaseback Transaction a in which the sale
or transfer of property occurs within 180 days of the acquisition of such property by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or b that involves property with a book value (as of the date on which a legally binding commitment for such
Sale and Leaseback Transaction was entered into) equal to the greater of 58,000,000 and 3.50 of Consolidated Tangible Assets or less and is not part of a series of related Sale and Leaseback Transactions involving property with an aggregate value
in excess of such amount and entered into with a single Person or group of Persons. For purposes of the foregoing, Sale and Leaseback Transaction means any arrangement with any Person providing for the leasing by the Borrower or
any of its Subsidiaries of real or personal property that has been or is to be sold or transferred by the Borrower or any such Subsidiary to such Person or to any other Person to whom funds have been or are to be advanced by such Person on the
security of such property or rental obligations of the Borrower or such Subsidiary. Existing Interest
Rate : as defined in Subsection 2.8(d)(v) . Existing Loans : as defined in Subsection
2.10(a) . Existing Term Lenders : those Lenders holding an Original Initial Term Loan immediately
prior to the First Amendment Effective Date. Existing Term Loans : as defined in Subsection
2.10(a) . Existing Term Tranche : as defined in Subsection 2.10(a) . 
 37 

Existing Tranche : as defined in Subsection
2.10(a) . Extended Loans : as defined in Subsection 2.10(a) . 
 Extended Term Loans : as defined in Subsection 2.10(a) . 
 Extended Term Tranche : as defined in Subsection 2.10(a) . 
 Extended Tranche : as defined in Subsection 2.10(a) . 
 Extending Lender : as defined in Subsection 2.10(b) . 
 Extension : as defined in Subsection 2.10(b) . 
 Extension Amendment : as defined in Subsection 2.10(c) . 
 Extension Date : as defined in Subsection 2.10(d) . 
 Extension Election : as defined in Subsection 2.10(b) . 
 Extension of Credit : as to any Lender, the making of an Original Initial Term Loan (excluding any
Supplemental Term Loans being made under the Original Initial Term Loan Tranche), a Tranche B Term Loan (excluding any Supplemental Term Loans being made under the Tranche B Term Loan Tranche) or an Incremental Revolving Loan (other than the initial
extension of credit thereunder). Extension Request : as defined in Subsection 2.10(a) . 
 Extension Request Deadline : as defined in Subsection 2.10(b) . 
 Extension Series : all Extended Loans that are established pursuant to the same Extension Amendment (or any
subsequent Extension Amendment to the extent such Extension Amendment expressly provides that the Extended Loans provided for therein are intended to be part of any previously established Extension Series) and that provide for the same interest
margins and amortization schedule. Facility : each of a the Original Initial Term Loan
Commitments and the Extensions of Credit made thereunder (the Initial Term Loan Facility ), b the Tranche B Term Loan Commitments and the Extensions of Credit made thereunder, c Incremental Term Loans of
the same Tranche, d Incremental Revolving Commitments of the same Tranche and Extensions of Credit made thereunder, e any Extended Term Loans of the same Extension Series and f any Specified Refinancing Term
Loans of the same Tranche (other than Tranche B Term Loans), and collectively the Facilities . 
 Fair Market Value : with respect to any asset or property, the fair market value of such asset or property
as determined in good faith by the Borrower or the Board of Directors, whose determination shall be conclusive. 
 38 

FATCA : Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code as in
effect on the Closing Date (and any amended or successor provisions that are substantively comparable), any regulations or other administrative authority promulgated thereunder, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the
Code, any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with any of the foregoing and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any such intergovernmental agreement. 
 Federal District Court : as defined in Subsection 11.13(a) . 
 Federal Funds Effective Rate : for any day, the rate calculated by the NYFRB based on such day s
federal funds transactions by depository institutions (as determined in such manner as the NYFRB shall set forth on its public website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as the federal funds effective
rate; provided that, if the Federal Funds Effective Rate shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Fee Letter : the Fee Letter, dated as of June 4, 2017, as amended by the letter agreement, dated as of
June 23, 2017, and the letter agreement, dated as of July 14, 2017, among Passthrough Holdings, Passthrough Mergersub, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Bank of America, N.A., Bank of America, N.A., Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner Smith
Incorporated, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Barclays Bank PLC, Credit Suisse AG, Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, Deutsche Bank AG Cayman Islands Branch, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Royal Bank of Canada,
Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Natixis, New York Branch and Nomura Corporate Funding Americas, LLC. Financing
Disposition : any sale, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of, or creation or incurrence of any Lien on, property or assets a by the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof to or in favor of any Special Purpose Entity, or by
any Special Purpose Subsidiary, in each case in connection with the Incurrence by a Special Purpose Entity of Indebtedness, or obligations to make payments to the obligor on Indebtedness, which may be secured by a Lien in respect of such property or
assets or b by the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof to or in favor of any Special Purpose Entity that is not a Special Purpose Subsidiary. 
 Financing Lease : any lease of property, real or personal, the obligations of the lessee in respect of which
are required to be classified and accounted for as a financing lease (and not, for the avoidance of doubt, as an operating lease) on the balance sheet of such lessee for financial reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP prior to the adoption of
Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (and all calculations and deliverables under this Agreement (other than those made under Subsection 7.1 shall be made or delivered,
as applicable, based on GAAP as in effect prior to such adoption). The Stated Maturity of any Financing Lease Obligation shall be the date of the last payment of rent or any other amount due under the related lease. 
 Financing Lease Obligation : an obligation under any Financing Lease. 
 First Amendment : the First Amendment, dated as of July 27, 2021, by and among the Borrower, the
Lenders party thereto and the Administrative Agent. 
 39 

First Amendment Effective Date : July 27, 2021. 
 First Lender Joinder Agreement Effective Date : July 8, 2019. 
 First Lien Obligations : i the Term Loan Facility Obligations and ii the
Additional Obligations, Permitted Debt Exchange Notes, Rollover Indebtedness and Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of the Indebtedness described in this clause (ii) (other than any such Additional Obligations, Permitted Debt Exchange Notes,
Rollover Indebtedness and Refinancing Indebtedness that are unsecured or secured by a Lien ranking junior to the Liens securing the Term Loan Facility Obligations) secured by a first priority security interest in the Term Loan Priority Collateral
and a second priority security interest in the ABL Priority Collateral, collectively. first priority :
with respect to any Lien purported to be created in any Collateral pursuant to any Security Document, that such Lien is the most senior Lien to which such Collateral is subject (subject to Liens permitted hereunder (including Permitted Liens)
applicable to such Collateral which have priority over the respective Liens on such Collateral created pursuant to the relevant Security Document (or, in the case of Collateral constituting Pledged Stock (as defined in the Guarantee and Collateral
Agreement), Permitted Liens of the type described in clauses (a), (k)(4) (other than subclause (z)), (l), (m), (n), (p)(1), (s) and, solely with respect to Permitted Liens described in the foregoing clauses, (o) of the definition
thereof)). For purposes of this definition, a Lien purported to be created in any Collateral pursuant to any Security Document will be construed as the most senior Lien to which such Collateral is subject, notwithstanding the existence
of a Permitted Lien on the Collateral that is pari passu with the Lien on such Collateral, so long as such Permitted Lien is subject to the terms of the ABL/Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement or an Other Intercreditor Agreement. 
 Fiscal Quarter : for any fiscal year, each 13-week or 14-week fiscal period commencing on the day
immediately following the last day of the previous Fiscal Quarter and ending on the Sunday closest to January 31, April 30, July 31 and October 31 (as applicable) of such fiscal year, or as otherwise designated by the
Borrower in accordance with Subsection 7.12 . Fixed GAAP Date : the First Amendment Effective
Date; provided that at any time after the Closing Date, the Borrower may by written notice to the Administrative Agent elect to change the Fixed GAAP Date to be the date specified in such notice, and upon such notice, the Fixed GAAP Date
shall be such date for all periods beginning on and after the date specified in such notice. Fixed GAAP
Terms : a the definitions of the terms Borrowing Base , Capital Expenditures , Consolidated Coverage Ratio , Consolidated EBITDA , Consolidated Interest Expense ,
 Consolidated Net Income , Consolidated Secured Indebtedness , Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio , Consolidated Tangible Assets , Consolidated Total Indebtedness , Consolidated Total
Leverage Ratio , Consolidated Working Capital , Consolidation , Domestic Borrowing Base , Excess Cash Flow , Financing Lease , Foreign Borrowing Base , Four Quarter
Consolidated EBITDA , Inventory and Receivable , b all defined terms in this Agreement to the extent used in or relating to any of the foregoing definitions, and all ratios and computations based on any of
the foregoing definitions, and c any other term or provision of this Agreement or the Loan Documents that, at the Borrower s election, may be specified by the Borrower by written notice to the Administrative Agent from time to
time. 
 40 

Foreign Borrowing Base : the sum of 1 90 of
the book value of Inventory of the Borrower s Foreign Subsidiaries that are Restricted Subsidiaries, 2 90 of the book value of Receivables of the Borrower s Foreign Subsidiaries that are Restricted Subsidiaries and 3 cash, Cash Equivalents and Temporary Cash Investments of the Borrower s Foreign Subsidiaries that are Restricted Subsidiaries (in each case, determined as of the end of the most recently ended fiscal month of the Borrower for
which internal consolidated financial statements of the Borrower (or, any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle whose financial statements satisfy the Borrower s reporting obligations under Subsection 7.1 are available, and, in the case of any
determination relating to any Incurrence of Indebtedness, on a pro forma basis including x any property or assets of a type described above acquired since the end of such fiscal month and y any property or assets of a
type described above being acquired in connection therewith). Foreign Pension Plan : a registered
pension plan which is subject to applicable pension legislation other than ERISA or the Code, which a Restricted Subsidiary sponsors or maintains, or to which it makes or is obligated to make contributions. 
 Foreign Plan : each Foreign Pension Plan, deferred compensation or other retirement or superannuation plan,
fund, program, agreement, commitment or arrangement whether oral or written, funded or unfunded, sponsored, established, maintained or contributed to, or required to be contributed to, or with respect to which any liability is borne, outside the
United States of America, by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, other than any such plan, fund, program, agreement or arrangement sponsored by a Governmental Authority. 
 Foreign Subsidiary : any Subsidiary of the Borrower a that is organized under the laws of any
jurisdiction outside of the United States of America and any Subsidiary of such Foreign Subsidiary or b that is a Foreign Subsidiary Holdco. Any subsidiary of the Borrower which is organized and existing under the laws of Puerto Rico
or any other territory of the United States of America shall be a Foreign Subsidiary. Foreign Subsidiary
Holdco : any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower, so long as such Restricted Subsidiary has no material assets other than shares, equity interests, Capital Stock or other securities or indebtedness of one or more Foreign Subsidiaries (or
Subsidiaries thereof), intellectual property relating to such Foreign Subsidiaries (or Subsidiaries thereof), and/or other assets (including cash, Cash Equivalents and Temporary Cash Investments) relating to an ownership interest in any such
securities, indebtedness, intellectual property or Subsidiaries. Any Subsidiary which is a Foreign Subsidiary Holdco that fails to meet the foregoing requirements as of the last day of the period for which consolidated financial statements of the
Borrower (or, any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle whose financial statements satisfy the Borrower s reporting obligations under Subsection 7.1 are available shall continue to be deemed a Foreign Subsidiary Holdco hereunder
until the date that is 60 days following the date on which such annual or quarterly financial statements were required to be delivered pursuant to Subsection 7.1 with respect to such period. 
 41 

Four Quarter Consolidated EBITDA : as of any date of
determination, the aggregate amount of Consolidated EBITDA for the period of the most recent four consecutive Fiscal Quarters of the Borrower ending prior to the date of such determination for which consolidated financial statements of the Borrower
(or, any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle whose financial statements satisfy the Borrower s reporting obligations under Subsection 7.1 are available (determined for any fiscal quarter (or portion thereof) ending prior to the Closing Date,
on a pro forma basis to give effect to the Transactions as if they had occurred at the beginning of such four quarter period), provided that: 
 (1) if, since the beginning of such period, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary shall have made a Sale
(including any Sale occurring in connection with a transaction causing a calculation to be made hereunder), the Consolidated EBITDA for such period shall be reduced by an amount equal to the Consolidated EBITDA (if positive) attributable to the
company, business, group of assets or Subsidiary that are the subject of such Sale for such period or increased by an amount equal to the Consolidated EBITDA (if negative) attributable thereto for such period; 
 (2) if, since the beginning of such period, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (by merger, consolidation
or otherwise) shall have made a Purchase (including any Purchase occurring in connection with a transaction causing a calculation to be made hereunder), Consolidated EBITDA for such period shall be calculated after giving pro forma effect thereto as
if such Purchase occurred on the first day of such period; and (3) if, since the beginning of such period,
any Person became a Restricted Subsidiary or was merged or consolidated with or into the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, and since the beginning of such period such Person shall have made any Sale or Purchase that would have required an
adjustment pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above if made by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary since the beginning of such period, Consolidated EBITDA for such period shall be calculated after giving pro forma effect thereto as if such
Sale or Purchase occurred on the first day of such period. For purposes of this definition, whenever pro forma effect is
to be given to any Sale, Purchase or other transaction, or the amount of income or earnings relating thereto, the pro forma calculations in respect thereof (including, without limitation, in respect of anticipated cost savings or synergies relating
to any such Sale, Purchase or other transaction) shall be as determined in good faith by the Chief Financial Officer or another Responsible Officer of the Borrower, which determination shall be conclusive; provided that with respect to cost
savings or synergies relating to any Sale, Purchase or other transaction, the related actions are expected by the Borrower to be taken no later than 36 months after the date of determination. 
 Funded Debt : all Indebtedness of the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries for borrowed money that
matures more than one year from the date of its creation or matures within one year from such date that is renewable or extendable, at the option of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, to a date that is more than one year from such date, or
that arises under a revolving credit or similar agreement that obligates the lender or lenders to extend credit during a period of more than one year from such date, including all amounts of such debt required to be paid or prepaid within one year
from the date of its creation and, in the case of the Borrower, Indebtedness in respect of the Term Loans. 
 42 

GAAP : generally accepted accounting principles in the
United States of America as in effect on the Fixed GAAP Date (for purposes of the Fixed GAAP Terms) and as in effect from time to time (for all other purposes of this Agreement), including those set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the
Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or in such other statements by such other entity as approved by a significant segment
of the accounting profession, and subject to the following sentence. If at any time the SEC permits or requires U.S. domiciled companies subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act to use IFRS in lieu of GAAP for financial reporting
purposes, the Borrower (or, any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle whose financial statements satisfy the Borrower s reporting obligations under Subsection 7.1 may elect by written notice to the Administrative Agent to so use IFRS in
lieu of GAAP and, upon any such notice, references herein to GAAP shall thereafter be construed to mean a for periods beginning on and after the date specified in such notice, IFRS as in effect on the date specified in such notice (for
purposes of the Fixed GAAP Terms) and as in effect from time to time (for all other purposes of this Agreement) and b for prior periods, GAAP as defined in the first sentence of this definition. All ratios and computations based on
GAAP contained in this Agreement shall be computed in conformity with GAAP. Governmental Authority :
the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive,
legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supranational bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 
 Guarantee : any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of any Person directly or indirectly guaranteeing any
Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person; provided that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business. The term Guarantee used as a verb has
a corresponding meaning. Guarantee and Collateral Agreement : the Term Loan Guarantee and Collateral
Agreement delivered to the Collateral Agent as of the Closing Date, substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto, as the same may be amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 43 

Guarantee Obligation : as to any Person (the
 guaranteeing person ), any obligation of a the guaranteeing person or b another Person (including any bank under any letter of credit) to induce the creation of which the guaranteeing person has issued a
reimbursement, counterindemnity or similar obligation, in either case guaranteeing or in effect guaranteeing any Indebtedness, leases, dividends or other obligations (the primary obligations of any other third Person (the
 primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, including any such obligation of the guaranteeing person, whether or not contingent, i to purchase any such primary obligation or any property
constituting direct or indirect security therefor, ii to advance or supply funds A for the purchase or payment of any such primary obligation or B to maintain working capital or equity capital of the primary
obligor or otherwise to maintain the net worth or solvency of the primary obligor, iii to purchase property, securities or services primarily for the purpose of assuring the owner of any such primary obligation of the ability of the
primary obligor to make payment of such primary obligation or iv otherwise to assure or hold harmless the owner of any such primary obligation against loss in respect thereof; provided , however , that the term Guarantee
Obligation shall not include endorsements of instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business. The amount of any Guarantee Obligation of any guaranteeing person shall be deemed to be the lower of a an amount
equal to the stated or determinable amount of the primary obligation in respect of which such Guarantee Obligation is made and b the maximum amount for which such guaranteeing person may be liable pursuant to the terms of the
instrument embodying such Guarantee Obligation, unless such primary obligation and the maximum amount for which such guaranteeing person may be liable are not stated or determinable, in which case the amount of such Guarantee Obligation shall be
such guaranteeing person s maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the Borrower in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive. 
 Guarantor Subordinated Obligations : with respect to a Subsidiary Guarantor, any Indebtedness of such
Subsidiary Guarantor (whether outstanding on the Closing Date or thereafter Incurred) that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the obligations of such Subsidiary Guarantor under its Subsidiary Guaranty pursuant to a written agreement.
 Guarantors : the collective reference to each Holding Company (unless and until such Holding Company is
released from all of its obligations pursuant to Subsection 9.16(h) of the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement) and each Subsidiary Guarantor; individually, a Guarantor . 
 Hedge Agreements : collectively, Interest Rate Agreements, Currency Agreements and Commodities Agreements.
 Hedging Obligations : as to any Person, the obligations of such Person pursuant to any Interest Rate
Agreement, Currency Agreement or Commodities Agreement. Holding Companies : Midco and Intermediate GP,
collectively (and, in each case, any Successor Holding Company in respect thereof pursuant to and as defined in Subsection 9.16(e) of the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement), and each individually, a Holding Company . 
 Identified Participating Lenders : as defined in Subsection 4.4(l)(iii)(3) . 
 Identified Qualifying Lenders : as defined in Subsection 4.4(l)(iv)(3) . 
 IFRS : International Financial Reporting Standards and applicable accounting requirements set by the
International Accounting Standards Board or any successor thereto (or the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, or any successor to either such board, or the
SEC, as the case may be), as in effect from time to time. 
 44 

Immaterial Subsidiary : any Subsidiary of the Borrower
designated as such in writing by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent that i ( x contributed 5.0 or less of Consolidated EBITDA for the period of the most recent four consecutive Fiscal Quarters ending prior to the
date of such determination for which consolidated financial statements of the Borrower (or, any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle whose financial statements satisfy the Borrower s reporting obligations under Subsection 7.1 are
available, and y had consolidated assets representing 5.0 or less of Consolidated Tangible Assets as of the end of the most recently ended financial period for which consolidated financial statements of the Borrower (or, any Parent
Entity or IPO Vehicle whose financial statements satisfy the Borrower s reporting obligations under Subsection 7.1 are available; and ii together with all other Immaterial Subsidiaries designated pursuant to the preceding
clause (i), x contributed 7.5 or less of Consolidated EBITDA for the period of the most recent four consecutive Fiscal Quarters ending prior to the date of such determination for which consolidated financial statements of the Borrower
(or, any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle whose financial statements satisfy the Borrower s reporting obligations under Subsection 7.1 are available, and y had consolidated assets representing 7.5 or less of Consolidated
Tangible Assets as of the end of the most recently ended financial period for which consolidated financial statements of the Borrower (or, any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle whose financial statements satisfy the Borrower s reporting obligations
under Subsection 7.1 are available. Any Subsidiary so designated as an Immaterial Subsidiary that fails to meet the foregoing requirements as of the last day of the period of the most recent four consecutive Fiscal Quarters for which
consolidated financial statements of the Borrower (or, any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle whose financial statements satisfy the Borrower s reporting obligations under Subsection 7.1 are available shall continue to be deemed an
 Immaterial Subsidiary hereunder until the date that is 60 days following the date on which such annual or quarterly financial statements were required to be delivered pursuant to Subsection 7.1(a) or 7.1(b) with respect to
such period. Increase Supplement : as defined in Subsection 2.8(c) . 
 Increased Amount : as defined in Subsection 2.8(d)(v) . 
 Incremental Commitment Amendment : as defined in Subsection 2.8(d) . 
 Incremental Commitments : as defined in Subsection 2.8(a) . 
 Incremental Indebtedness : Indebtedness Incurred by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with
 Subsection 2.8 . Incremental Lenders : as defined in Subsection 2.8(b) . 
 Incremental Letter of Credit Commitments : as defined in Subsection 2.8(a) . 
 Incremental Loans : as defined in Subsection 2.8(d) . 
 Incremental Revolving Commitments : as defined in Subsection 2.8(a) . 
 Incremental Revolving Loans : any loans drawn under an Incremental Revolving Commitment. 
 45 

Incremental Term Loan : any Incremental Loan made pursuant
to an Incremental Term Loan Commitment. Incremental Term Loan Commitments : as defined in Subsection
2.8(a) . Incur : issue, assume, enter into any Guarantee of, incur or otherwise become liable for;
and the terms Incurs , Incurred and Incurrence shall have a correlative meaning; provided that any Indebtedness or Capital Stock of a Person existing at the time such Person becomes a
Subsidiary (whether by merger, consolidation, acquisition or otherwise) shall be deemed to be Incurred by such Subsidiary at the time it becomes a Subsidiary. Accrual of interest, the accretion of accreted value, the payment of interest in the form
of additional Indebtedness, and the payment of dividends on Capital Stock constituting Indebtedness in the form of additional shares of the same class of Capital Stock, will be deemed not to be an Incurrence of Indebtedness. Any Indebtedness issued
at a discount (including Indebtedness on which interest is payable through the issuance of additional Indebtedness) shall be deemed Incurred at the time of original issuance of the Indebtedness at the initial accreted amount thereof. 
 Indebtedness : with respect to any Person on any date of determination (without duplication): 
 (i) the principal of indebtedness of such Person for borrowed money; 
 (ii) the principal of obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar
instruments; (iii) all reimbursement obligations of such Person in respect of letters of credit,
bankers acceptances or other similar instruments (the amount of such obligations being equal at any time to the aggregate then undrawn and unexpired amount of such letters of credit, bankers acceptances or other instruments plus the
aggregate amount of drawings thereunder that have not then been reimbursed) (except to the extent such reimbursement obligations relate to Trade Payables and such obligations are expected to be satisfied within 30 days of becoming due and payable);
 (iv) the principal component of all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred and unpaid purchase
price of property (except Trade Payables), which purchase price is due more than one year after the date of placing such property in final service or taking final delivery and title thereto; 
 (v) all Financing Lease Obligations of such Person; 
 (vi) the redemption, repayment or other repurchase amount of such Person with respect to any Disqualified Stock
of such Person or (if such Person is a Subsidiary of the Borrower other than a Subsidiary Guarantor) any Preferred Stock of such Subsidiary, but excluding, in each case, any accrued dividends (the amount of such obligation to be equal at any time to
the maximum fixed involuntary redemption, repayment or repurchase price for such Capital Stock, or if less (or if such Capital Stock has no such fixed price), to the involuntary redemption, repayment or repurchase price therefor calculated in
accordance with the terms thereof as if then redeemed, repaid or repurchased, and if such price is based upon or measured by the fair market value of such Capital Stock, such fair market value shall be as determined in good faith by senior
management of the Borrower, the Board of Directors of the Borrower or the Board of Directors of the issuer of such Capital Stock, in each case which determination shall be conclusive); 
 46 

(vii) all Indebtedness of other Persons secured by a Lien on
any asset of such Person, whether or not such Indebtedness is assumed by such Person; provided that the amount of Indebtedness of such Person shall be the lesser of A the fair market value of such asset at such date of
determination (as determined in good faith by the Borrower, which determination shall be conclusive) and B the amount of such Indebtedness of such other Persons; 
 (viii) all Guarantees by such Person of Indebtedness of other Persons, to the extent so Guaranteed by such
Person; and (ix) to the extent not otherwise included in this definition, net Hedging Obligations of such
Person (the amount of any such obligation to be equal at any time to the termination value of such agreement or arrangement giving rise to such Hedging Obligation that would be payable by such Person at such time); 
 provided that Indebtedness shall not include t any obligations attributable to the exercise of dissenters or
appraisal rights and the settlement of any claims or actions (whether actual, contingent or potential) with respect thereto, u any liability for federal, state, local or other taxes owed or owing to any government or other taxing
authority, v purchase price holdbacks in respect of a portion of the purchase price of an asset to satisfy warranty or other unperformed obligations of the respective seller, w obligations, to the extent such obligations
constitute Indebtedness, under any agreement that has been defeased or satisfied and discharged pursuant to the terms of such agreement, x Contingent Obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past
practice, y in connection with the purchase by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of any business, any post-closing payment adjustments to which the seller may become entitled to the extent such payment is determined by a final
closing balance sheet or such payment depends on the performance of such business after the closing (so long as i at the time of closing, the amount of any such payment is not determinable and ii to the extent such
payment thereafter becomes fixed and determined, the amount is paid in a timely manner) or z for the avoidance of doubt, any obligations or liabilities which would be required to be classified and accounted for as an operating lease
for financial reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP prior to the adoption of Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) by the Financial Accounting Standards Board. 
 The amount of Indebtedness of any Person at any date shall be determined as set forth above or as otherwise provided for in
this Agreement, or otherwise shall equal the amount thereof that would appear as a liability on a balance sheet of such Person (excluding any notes thereto) prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 Indemnified Liabilities : as defined in Subsection 11.5(d) . 
 Indemnitee : as defined in Subsection 11.5(d) . 
 47 

Initial Agreement : as defined in Subsection
8.3(c) . Initial Default : as defined in Subsection 1.2(c) . 
 Initial Lien : as defined in Subsection 8.6 . 
 Initial Term Loan : collectively, the Original Initial Term Loans and the Tranche B Term Loans. 
 Initial Term Loan Commitment : as to any Lender, the Original Initial Term Loan Commitment (if any) and the
Tranche B Term Loan Commitment (if any). Initial Term Loan Facility : as defined in the definition of
 Facility. Initial Term Loan Maturity Date : a prior to the First Amendment
Effective Date, the Original Initial Term Loan Maturity Date and b from and after the First Amendment Effective Date, the Tranche B Term Loan Maturity Date. 
 Insolvency : with respect to any Multiemployer Plan, the condition that such Plan is insolvent within the
meaning of Section 4245 of ERISA. Installment Date : as defined in Subsection 2.2(b)(i) .
 Insurance Subsidiary : any Subsidiary of the Borrower i that is a Captive Insurance
Subsidiary or ii whose primary purpose and activity is the assumption of self-insurance risks and activities reasonably related thereto. 
 Intellectual Property : as defined in Subsection 5.9 . 
 Intercreditor Agreement Supplement : as defined in Subsection 10.8(a) . 
 Interest Payment Date : a as to any ABR Loan, the last Business Day of each Fiscal Quarter to
occur while such Loan is outstanding, and the final maturity date of such Loan, b as to any Eurodollar Term SOFR Rate Loan having an Interest Period of three months or less,
the last day of such Interest Period , and c as to any Eurodollar Term SOFR
Rate Loan having an Interest Period longer than three months, i each day which is three months, or a whole multiple thereof, after the first day of such Interest Period and ii the last day of such Interest Period. Interest Period : with respect to any Eurodollar Term SOFR
Rate Loan: (a) initially, the period
commencing on the borrowing or conversion date, as the case may be, with respect to such Eurodollar Term SOFR Rate Loan and ending x one, three or six months
(or if agreed to by each affected Lender, 12 months or a shorter period) thereafter, y on the last day of the first fiscal quarter ending after the Closing Date or z on the last day of the first or the first full fiscal
quarter ending after the First Amendment Effective Date, as selected by the Borrower in its notice of borrowing or notice of conversion, as the case may be, given with respect thereto; and 
 48 

(b) thereafter, each period commencing on the last day of
the next preceding Interest Period applicable to such
 Eurodollar Term SOFR
Rate Loan and ending one , two , three or six
months (or if agreed to by each affected Lender, 12 months or a shorter period) thereafter, as selected by the Borrower by irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent not less than three Business Days (or such shorter period as may be agreed by
the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) prior to the last day of the then current Interest Period with respect thereto; provided that all of the foregoing provisions relating to Interest Periods are subject to the following:
 (i) if any Interest Period would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day, such Interest
Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless the result of such extension would be to carry such Interest Period into another calendar month in which event such Interest Period shall end on the immediately preceding Business
Day; (ii) any Interest Period that would otherwise extend beyond the applicable Maturity Date shall (for
all purposes other than Subsection 4.12 end on the applicable Maturity Date; and (iii) any
Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of a calendar
month. Interest Rate Agreement : with respect to any Person, any interest rate protection agreement,
future agreement, option agreement, swap agreement, cap agreement, collar agreement, hedge agreement or other similar agreement or arrangement (including derivative agreements or arrangements), as to which such Person is a party or a beneficiary.
 Intermediate GP : Core Main Intermediate GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and
any successor in interest thereto. 
 Interpolated Screen
Rate : in relation to the LIBOR Rate for any Loan, the rate which results from interpolating on a linear basis between: (a) the rate appearing on the ICE Benchmark Administration page (or on any successor or substitute page of
such service) for the longest period (for which that rate is available) which is less than the Interest Period and (b) the rate appearing on the ICE Benchmark Administration page (or on any successor or substitute page of such service) for the
shortest period (for which that rate is available) which exceeds the Interest Period, each as of approximately 11:00 A.M., London time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period. Inventory : goods held for sale, lease or use by a Person
in the ordinary course of business, net of any reserve for goods that have been segregated by such Person to be returned to the applicable vendor for credit, as determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 49 

Investment : in any Person by any other Person, any direct
or indirect advance, loan or other extension of credit (other than to customers, dealers, distributors, licensees, franchisees, suppliers, consultants, directors, officers or employees of any Person in the ordinary course of business) or capital
contribution (by means of any transfer of cash or other property to others or any payment for property or services for the account or use of others) to, or any purchase or acquisition of Capital Stock, Indebtedness or other similar instruments
issued by, such Person. For purposes of the definition of Unrestricted Subsidiary and Subsection 8.2 only, i Investment shall include the portion (proportionate to the Borrower s equity interest in
such Subsidiary) of the Fair Market Value of the net assets of any Subsidiary of the Borrower at the time that such Subsidiary is designated an Unrestricted Subsidiary, provided that upon a redesignation of such Subsidiary as a Restricted
Subsidiary, the Borrower shall be deemed to continue to have a permanent Investment in an Unrestricted Subsidiary in an amount (if positive) equal to x the Borrower s Investment in such Subsidiary at the
time of such redesignation less y the portion (proportionate to the Borrower s equity interest in such Subsidiary) of the Fair Market Value of the net assets of such Subsidiary at the time of such redesignation, ii any property transferred to or from an Unrestricted Subsidiary shall be valued at its fair market value (as determined in good faith by the Borrower, which determination shall be conclusive) at the time of such transfer and iii for purposes of Subsection 8.2(a)(3)(C) , the amount resulting from the redesignation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary shall be the Fair Market Value of the Investment in such Unrestricted Subsidiary
at the time of such redesignation. Guarantees shall not be deemed to be Investments. The amount of any Investment outstanding at any time shall be the original cost of such Investment, reduced (at the Borrower s option) by any dividend,
distribution, interest payment, return of capital, repayment or other amount or value received in respect of such Investment; provided that to the extent that the amount of Restricted Payments outstanding at any time pursuant to Subsection
8.2(a) is so reduced by any portion of any such amount or value that would otherwise be included in the calculation of Consolidated Net Income, such portion of such amount or value shall not be so included for purposes of calculating the amount
of Restricted Payments that may be made pursuant to Subsection 8.2(a) . Investment Company Act :
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended from time to time. Investment Grade Rating : a rating
equal to or higher than Baa3 (or the equivalent) by Moody s and BBB- (or the equivalent) by S P, or any equivalent rating by any other nationally recognized rating agency. 
 Investment Grade Securities : i securities issued or directly and fully guaranteed or insured
by the United States government or any agency or instrumentality thereof (other than Cash Equivalents); ii debt securities or debt instruments with an Investment Grade Rating, but excluding any debt securities or instruments
constituting loans or advances among the Borrower and its Subsidiaries; iii investments in any fund that invests exclusively in investments of the type described in clauses (i) and (ii) above, which fund may also hold cash
pending investment or distribution; and iv corresponding instruments in countries other than the United States customarily utilized for high quality investments. 
 50 

IPO Vehicle : a Pubco and/or any other
entity formed or designated for the purpose of facilitating an issuance or sale of common equity interests (which represent an indirect economic and/or voting interest in the Borrower or a Parent Entity and through which investors shall indirectly
hold their equity interests in the Borrower or a Parent Entity) in an underwritten public offering (other than a public offering pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-8) pursuant to an effective registration statement filed with the SEC in
accordance with the Securities Act (whether alone or in connection with a secondary public offering) and such equity interests are listed on a nationally-recognized stock exchange in the U.S. and b New Blocker, the Pubco Merger Subs
and/or any Wholly Owned Subsidiary of the entity referred to in clause (a) above other than a Parent Entity or any Subsidiary of a Parent Entity (including the Pubco Merger Subs) (unless the entity in clause (a) is a Parent Entity, in
which case other than the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof). Investors : as defined in the definition
of Equity Contribution . ISDA CDS Definitions : as defined in Subsection 11.1(k) .
 Judgment Conversion Date : as defined in Subsection 11.8(a) . 
 Judgment Currency : as defined in Subsection 11.8(a) . 
 Junior Capital : collectively, any Indebtedness of any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle or the Borrower that i is not secured by any asset of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, ii is expressly subordinated to the prior payment in full of the Term Loan Facility Obligations hereunder on terms consistent with those for
senior subordinated high yield debt securities issued by U.S. companies sponsored by CD R (as determined in good faith by the Borrower, which determination shall be conclusive), iii has a final maturity date that is not earlier
than, and provides for no scheduled payments of principal prior to, the date that is 91 days after the Initial Term Loan Maturity Date (other than through conversion or exchange of any such Indebtedness for Capital Stock (other than Disqualified
Stock) of the Borrower, Capital Stock of any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle or any other Junior Capital), iv has no mandatory redemption or prepayment obligations other than a obligations that are subject to the prior
payment in full in cash of the Term Loans and b pursuant to an escrow or similar arrangement with respect to the proceeds of such Junior Capital and v does not require the payment of cash interest until the date that is
91 days after the Initial Term Loan Maturity Date. Junior Debt : any Subordinated Obligations and
Guarantor Subordinated Obligations. Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement : an intercreditor agreement
substantially in the form of Exhibit J-2 to be entered into as required by the terms hereof, as amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 LCT Election : as defined in Subsection 1.2(j) . 
 LCT Test Date : as defined in Subsection 1.2(j) . 
 Lead Arrangers : JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner Smith Incorporated,
Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Barclays Bank PLC, Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Royal Bank of Canada, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Natixis, New York Branch and Nomura Securities International, Inc. as Joint Lead
Arrangers. 
 51 

Lender Default : a the refusal (which may be
given verbally or in writing and has not been retracted) or failure of any Lender (including any Agent in its capacity as Lender) to make available its portion of any incurrence of Loans, which refusal or failure is not cured within two Business
Days after the date of such refusal or failure, b the failure of any Lender (including any Agent in its capacity as Lender) to pay over to the Administrative Agent or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it
hereunder within one Business Day of the date when due, unless the subject of a good faith dispute, c a Lender (including any Agent in its capacity as Lender) has notified the Borrower or the Administrative Agent that it does not
intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, d a Lender (including any Agent in its capacity as Lender) has failed, within 10 Business Days after request by the Administrative Agent, to confirm that it will comply with its
funding obligations hereunder provided that such Lender Default pursuant to this clause (d) shall cease to be a Lender Default upon receipt of such confirmation by the Administrative Agent) or e an Agent or a Lender has
admitted in writing that it is insolvent or such Agent or Lender becomes subject to a Lender-Related Distress Event or Bail-In Action. 
 Lender Joinder Agreement : as defined in Subsection 2.8(c) . 
 Lender-Related Distress Event : with respect to any Agent or Lender (each, a Distressed
Person ), a voluntary or involuntary case with respect to such Distressed Person under any debt relief law, or a custodian, conservator, receiver or similar official is appointed for such Distressed Person or any substantial part of such
Distressed Person s assets, or such Distressed Person makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or is otherwise adjudicated as, or determined by any Governmental Authority having regulatory authority over such Distressed Person to
be, insolvent or bankrupt; provided that a Lender-Related Distress Event shall not be deemed to have occurred solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interests in any Agent or Lender or any person that directly or
indirectly controls such Agent or Lender by a Governmental Authority or an instrumentality thereof; provided , further , that the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other
similar official by a supervisory authority or regulator with respect to an Agent or Lender or any other person that directly or indirectly controls such Agent or Lender under the Dutch Financial Supervision Act 2007 (as amended from time to time
and including any successor legislation) shall not be deemed to be a Lender-Related Distress Event with respect to such Agent or Lender or any person that directly or indirectly controls such Agent or Lender. 
 Lenders : the several lenders from time to time parties to this Agreement together with, in the case of any
such lender that is a bank or financial institution, any affiliate of any such bank or financial institution through which such bank or financial institution elects, by notice to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to make any Loans available
to the Borrower, provided that for all purposes of voting or consenting with respect to a any amendment, supplement or modification of or to any Loan Document, b any waiver of any of the requirements of any Loan
Document or any Default or Event of Default and its consequences or c any other matter as to which a Lender may vote or consent pursuant to Subsection 11.1 , the bank or financial institution making such election shall be deemed
the Lender rather than such affiliate, which shall not be entitled to so vote or consent. 
 Letter of Credit Facility : any facility, in each case with one or more banks or other lenders, institutions
or financing providers providing for letters of credit or bank guarantees, in each case including all agreements, instruments and documents executed and delivered pursuant to or in connection with any of the foregoing. 
 52 

Leverage Excess Proceeds : as defined in Subsection
8.4(b) . Liabilities : collectively, any and all claims, obligations, liabilities, causes of action,
actions, suits, proceedings, investigations, judgments, decrees, losses, damages, fees, costs and expenses (including interest, penalties and fees and disbursements of attorneys, accountants, investment bankers and other professional advisors), in
each case whether incurred, arising or existing with respect to third parties or otherwise at any time or from time to time. 
 LIBOR
Rate : with respect to each day during each Interest Period pertaining to a Eurodollar Loan, the rate per annum determined by the Administrative Agent to be: 
 (a) the London Interbank
Offered Rate for deposits in Dollars for a duration equal to or comparable to the duration of such Interest Period which appear on the relevant Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service page for the applicable currency (being currently the page designated
as LIBO (or such other commercially available source providing quotations of the London Interbank Offered Rates for deposits in Dollars as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time and as
consented to by the Borrower) at or about 11:00 A.M. (London time) two London Business Days before the first day of such Interest
Period ; or 
 (b) if no such page (or other
source) is available, the Interpolated Screen Rate; or 
 (c) if no such page (or other
source) is available and it is not possible to calculate an Interpolated Screen Rate for the applicable Loan, (x) the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum as supplied to the Administrative Agent at its request quoted
by the Reference Banks to leading banks in the London interbank market two London Business Days before the first day of such Interest Period for deposits in Dollars of a duration equal to the duration of such Interest Period;
 provided that any Reference Bank that has failed to provide a quote in accordance with Subsection 4.6(c) shall be disregarded for purposes of determining the mean or
 (y) if consented to by the Borrower, the average of the rates per annum quoted by the Administrative Agent to leading banks in the London interbank market at or about 11:00 A.M. (London time) two London Business Days
before the first day of such Interest Period for deposits in Dollars of a duration equal to the duration of such Interest Period. 
 53 

If at any time the Administrative Agent
determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that i the circumstances set forth in
 Subsection 4.7 have arisen and such
circumstances are unlikely to be temporary or
 ii the circumstances set forth in
 Subsection 4.7 have not arisen but the
 supervisor for the administrator of the London Interbank Offered Rate or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent has made a public statement identifying a specific date after which the London Interbank Offered Rate shall no longer be used for determining
interest rates for loans in Dollars or the applicable
Designated Foreign Currency, then, at the Borrower s request, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall endeavor to establish an alternate
rate of interest to the LIBOR Rate that gives due
consideration to the then prevailing market convention for determining a rate of interest for syndicated loans in the United States at such time, and shall enter into an amendment to this Agreement to reflect such alternate rate of interest and such
other related changes to this Agreement as may be applicable (including amendments to the Applicable Margin to preserve the terms of the economic transactions initially agreed to among the 
 Borrower , on the one hand, and the Lenders on the other hand
 (including with respect to impact of any
 floors ). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, such amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent of
any other party to this Agreement. 
 Lien : any mortgage, pledge, security interest, encumbrance, lien or charge of any kind (including any
conditional sale or other title retention agreement or lease in the nature thereof). Limited Condition
Transaction : x any acquisition, including by way of merger, amalgamation, consolidation or other business combination or the acquisition of Capital Stock or otherwise, of any assets, business or Person, or any other
Investment by one or more of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries permitted by this Agreement, in each case, whose consummation is not conditioned on the availability of, or on obtaining, third party financing or y any redemption,
repurchase, defeasance, satisfaction and discharge or repayment of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock requiring notice in advance of such redemption, repurchase, defeasance, satisfaction and discharge or repayment. 
 Loan : each Initial Term Loan, Incremental Term Loan, Extended Term Loan, Specified Refinancing Term Loan or
Incremental Revolving Loan, as the context shall require; collectively, the Loans. Loan
Documents : this Agreement, any Notes, the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, the ABL/Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement, any Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement (on and after the execution thereof), each Other Intercreditor Agreement (on
and after the execution thereof) and any other Security Documents, each as amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Loan Parties : each Holding Company (including, in each case, any Successor Holding Company in respect
thereof pursuant to and as defined in Subsection 9.16(e) of the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement) (unless and until such Holding Company is released from all of its obligations pursuant to Subsection 9.16(h) of the Guarantee and Collateral
Agreement), the Borrower and the Subsidiary Guarantors; each individually, a Loan Party . 
 Management Advances : 1 loans or advances made to directors, management members, officers,
employees or consultants of any Parent Entity, IPO Vehicle, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary x in respect of travel, entertainment or moving related expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business, y in
respect of moving related expenses incurred in connection with any closing or consolidation of any facility, or z in the ordinary course of business and (in the case of this clause (z)) not exceeding the greater of 30,000,000 and
2.00 of Consolidated Tangible Assets in the aggregate outstanding at any time, 2 promissory notes of Management Investors acquired in connection with the issuance of Management Stock to such Management Investors, 3 Management Guarantees, or 4 other Guarantees of borrowings by Management Investors in connection with the purchase of Management Stock, which Guarantees are permitted under Subsection 8.1 . 
 54 

Management Guarantees : guarantees x of up
to an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time of the greater of 60,000,000 and 4.00 of Consolidated Tangible Assets of borrowings by Management Investors in connection with their purchase of Management Stock or y made on
behalf of, or in respect of loans or advances made to, directors, officers, employees, management members or consultants of any Parent Entity, IPO Vehicle, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary 1 in respect of travel, entertainment
and moving related expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business, or 2 in the ordinary course of business and (in the case of this clause (2)) not exceeding the greater of 20,000,000 and 1.50 of Consolidated Tangible
Assets in the aggregate outstanding at any time. Management Holdings : Core Main Management
Feeder, LLC (formerly known as CD R Waterworks Management Feeder, LLC), a Delaware limited liability company, and any successor in interest thereto. 
 Management Indebtedness : Indebtedness Incurred to a any Person other than a Management
Investor of up to an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time of the greater of 50,000,000 and 3.50 of Consolidated Tangible Assets, and b any Management Investor, in each case, to finance the repurchase or other
acquisition of Management Stock from any Management Investor, which repurchase or other acquisition of Capital Stock is permitted by Subsection 8.2 . 
 Management Investors : the current or former management members, officers, directors, employees and other
members of the management of any Parent Entity, IPO Vehicle, the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries, or family members or relatives of any of the foregoing provided that, solely for purposes of the definition of Permitted
Holders , such relatives shall include only those Persons who are or become Management Investors in connection with estate planning for or inheritance from other Management Investors, as determined in good faith by the Borrower, which
determination shall be conclusive), or trusts, partnerships or limited liability companies for the benefit of any of the foregoing, or any of their heirs, executors, successors and legal representatives, who at any date beneficially own or have the
right to acquire, directly or indirectly, Capital Stock of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle (including any options, warrants or other rights in respect thereof). 
 Management Stock : Capital Stock of the Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary or any Parent Entity or IPO
Vehicle (including any options, warrants or other rights in respect thereof) held by any of the Management Investors. 
 Margin Stock : as defined in Regulation U of the Board as from time to time in effect and all official
rulings and interpretations thereunder or thereof. 
 55 

Market Capitalization : an amount equal to i the total number of issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of the Borrower, any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle (including all shares of Capital Stock of such Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle reserved for issuance upon conversion or
exchange of Capital Stock of another Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle outstanding on such date) on the date of declaration of the relevant dividend or making of any other Restricted Payment, as applicable, multiplied by ii the arithmetic
mean of the closing prices per share of such capital stock on the New York Stock Exchange (or, if the primary listing of such capital stock is on another exchange, on such other exchange) for the 30 consecutive trading days immediately preceding
such date. Material Adverse Effect : x on, or as of, the Closing Date, a Closing Date
Material Adverse Effect, or y after the Closing Date, a material adverse effect on a the business, operations, property or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a
whole (other than resulting from any event, development or circumstance related to the COVID-19 pandemic that was disclosed to the Lenders on or prior to the First Amendment Effective Date), b the validity or enforceability as to the
Loan Parties (taken as a whole) party thereto of the Loan Documents taken as a whole or c the rights or remedies of the Agents and the Lenders under the Loan Documents, in each case, taken as a whole. 
 Material Subsidiaries : Restricted Subsidiaries of the Borrower constituting, individually or in the
aggregate (as if such Restricted Subsidiaries constituted a single Subsidiary), a significant subsidiary in accordance with Rule 1-02 under Regulation S-X. 
 Materials of Environmental Concern : any pollutants, contaminants, hazardous or toxic substances or
materials or wastes defined, listed, or regulated as such in or under, or which may give rise to liability under, any applicable Environmental Law, including gasoline, petroleum (including crude oil or any fraction thereof), petroleum products or
by-products, asbestos and polychlorinated biphenyls. Maturity Date : the Initial Term Loan Maturity
Date, for any Extended Tranche the Maturity Date set forth in the applicable Extension Amendment, for any Incremental Commitments the Maturity Date set forth in the applicable Incremental Commitment Amendment and for any
Specified Refinancing Tranche the Maturity Date set forth in the applicable Specified Refinancing Amendment, in each case as the context may require. 
 Maximum Incremental Facilities Amount : at any date of determination, the sum of i an amount
equal to the greater of 1 400,000,000 and 2 Four Quarter Consolidated EBITDA (amounts Incurred pursuant to this clause (i), the Cash Capped Incremental Facility plus ii an
unlimited amount if, after giving effect to the Incurrence of such amount (or, at the Borrower s option, on the date of the initial commitment to lend such additional amount after giving pro forma effect to the Incurrence of the entire
committed amount of such additional amount), either x the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio shall not exceed 3.75 to 1.00 or y in the case of Indebtedness being Incurred to finance or refinance, or otherwise Incurred in
connection with, any acquisition of assets (including Capital Stock), business or Person, or any merger or consolidation of any Person with or into the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, or any other Investment, the Consolidated Secured Leverage
Ratio of the Borrower would equal or be less than the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio of the Borrower immediately prior to giving effect thereto (in each case under this clause (ii), as set forth in a certificate of a Responsible Officer of
the Borrower delivered to the Administrative Agent at the time of such Incurrence, together with calculations demonstrating compliance with such ratio (amounts Incurred pursuant to this clause (ii), the Ratio Incremental Facility (it being understood that A if pro forma effect is given to the entire committed amount of any such additional amount on the date of initial borrowing of such Indebtedness or entry into the definitive agreement providing the commitment
to fund such Indebtedness, such committed amount may thereafter be borrowed and reborrowed in whole or in part, from time to time, without further compliance with this clause (ii) and B for purposes of so calculating the
Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio under this clause (ii), any additional amount Incurred pursuant to this clause (ii) shall be treated as if such amount is Consolidated Secured Indebtedness, regardless of whether such amount is actually
secured or is secured by Liens ranking junior to the Liens securing the Term Loan Facility Obligations)); provided that, at the Borrower s option, capacity under the Ratio Incremental Facility shall be deemed to be used before capacity
under the Cash Capped Incremental Facility. 
 56 

MFN Threshold Amount : the greater of i 200,000,000 and ii 50.0 of Four Quarter Consolidated EBITDA. Midco :
Core Main Midco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and any successor in interest thereto. 
 Minimum Exchange Tender Condition : as defined in Subsection 2.9(b) . 
 Minimum Extension Condition : as defined in Subsection 2.10(g) . 
 Moody s : Moody s Investors Service, Inc., and its successors. 
 Most Recent Four Quarter Period : the four Fiscal Quarter period of the Borrower ending on the last day of
the most recently completed fiscal year or Fiscal Quarter for which financial statements of the Borrower (or, any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle whose financial statements satisfy the Borrower s reporting obligations under
 Subsection 7.1 have been (or have been required to be) delivered under Subsection 7.1(a) or 7.1(b) . 
 Multiemployer Plan : a Plan which is a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA.
 
 57 

Net Available Cash : from an Asset Disposition or Recovery
Event, an amount equal to the cash payments received (including any cash payments received by way of deferred payment of principal pursuant to a note or installment receivable or otherwise, but only as and when received, but excluding any other
consideration received in the form of assumption by the acquiring Person of Indebtedness or other obligations relating to the properties or assets that are the subject of such Asset Disposition or Recovery Event or received in any other non-cash
form) therefrom, in each case net of i all legal, title and recording tax expenses, commissions and other fees and expenses incurred, and all Tax Distributions made or to be made and (without duplication) all federal, state,
provincial, foreign and local taxes required to be paid or to be accrued as a liability under GAAP, in each case, as a consequence of, or in respect of, such Asset Disposition or Recovery Event (including as a consequence of any transfer of funds in
connection with the application thereof in accordance with Subsection 8.4 ), ii all payments made, and all installment payments required to be made, on any Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness secured by Liens on the Collateral
that are required by the express terms of this Agreement to be pari passu with or junior to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Term Loan Facility Obligations) x that is secured by any assets subject to such Asset
Disposition or involved in such Recovery Event, in accordance with the terms of any Lien upon such assets, or y that must by its terms, or in order to obtain a necessary consent to such Asset Disposition, or by applicable law, be
repaid out of the proceeds from such Asset Disposition or Recovery Event, including but not limited to any payments required to be made to increase borrowing availability under any revolving credit facility, iii all distributions and
other payments required to be made to minority interest holders in Subsidiaries or joint ventures as a result of such Asset Disposition or Recovery Event, or to any other Person (other than the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary) owning a
beneficial interest in the assets disposed of in such Asset Disposition or subject to such Recovery Event, iv any liabilities or obligations associated with the assets disposed of in such Asset Disposition or involved in such Recovery
Event and retained, indemnified or insured by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary after such Asset Disposition or Recovery Event, including pension and other post-employment benefit liabilities, liabilities related to environmental matters,
and liabilities relating to any indemnification obligations associated with such Asset Disposition or Recovery Event, v in the case of an Asset Disposition, the amount of any purchase price or similar adjustment x claimed
by any Person to be owed by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, until such time as such claim shall have been settled or otherwise finally resolved, or y paid or payable by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, in each case
in respect of such Asset Disposition and vi in the case of any Recovery Event, any amount thereof that constitutes or represents reimbursement or compensation for any amount previously paid or to be paid by the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries. Net Available Cash Amount : as defined in Subsection 8.4(a)(iii) . 
 Net Cash Proceeds : with respect to any issuance or sale of any securities of, or the Incurrence of
Indebtedness by, the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any capital contribution to the Borrower or any Subsidiary, the cash proceeds of such issuance, sale, Incurrence or contribution received by the Borrower or such Subsidiary net of attorneys 
fees, accountants fees, underwriters or placement agents fees, discounts or commissions and brokerage, consultant and other fees actually incurred in connection with such issuance, sale, contribution or Incurrence and net of Tax
Distributions made or to be made and all taxes paid or payable as a result, or in respect, thereof. Net Short
Lender : as defined in Subsection 11.1(k) . Net Short Lender Default Breach : as defined
in Subsection 11.1(k) . Net Short Lender Verification Covenant : as defined in Subsection
11.1(k) . New Blocker : CD R WW, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and any successor in
interest thereto. New Blocker Holdings : CD R WW Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company, and any successor in interest thereto. New Tranche B Term Lenders : as defined in
 Subsection 2.1(c)(i) . New Tranche B Term Loan : as defined in
 Subsection 2.1(c)(i) . 
 58 

New York Courts : as defined in Subsection
11.13(a) . New York Supreme Court : as defined in Subsection 11.13(a) . 
 Non-Consenting Lender : as defined in Subsection 11.1(g) . 
 Non-Defaulting Lender : any Lender other than a Defaulting Lender. 
 Non-Exchanging Term Lender : as defined in Subsection 2.1(c)(ii) . 
 Non-Excluded Taxes : all Taxes other than Excluded Taxes. 
 Non-Extending Lender : as defined in Subsection 2.10(e) . 
 Non-Extension Notice Date : as defined in Subsection 2.6(j) . 
 Non-Wholly Owned Subsidiary : each Subsidiary that is not a Wholly Owned Subsidiary. 
 Note : as defined in Subsection 2.2(a) . 
 NYFRB : the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. 
 NYFRB Rate : for any day, the greater of a the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such
day and b the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day (or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day); provided that if none of such rates are published for any day that is a
Business Day, the term NYFRB Rate means the rate for a federal funds transaction quoted at 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on such day received by the Administrative Agent from a Federal funds broker of recognized standing
selected by it; provided , further , that if any of the aforesaid rates shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. 
 Obligation Currency : as defined in Subsection 11.8(a) . 
 Obligations : with respect to any Indebtedness, any principal, premium (if any), interest (including
interest accruing on or after the filing of any petition in bankruptcy or for reorganization relating to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary whether or not a claim for post-filing interest is allowed in such proceedings), fees, charges,
expenses, reimbursement obligations, Guarantees of such Indebtedness (or of Obligations in respect thereof), other monetary obligations of any nature and all other amounts payable thereunder or in respect thereof. 
 OFAC : as defined in clause (c) of the first sentence of Subsection 5.21 . 
 Offered Amount : as defined in Subsection 4.4(l)(iv)(1) . 
 Offered Discount : as defined in Subsection 4.4(l)(iv)(1) . 
 OID : as defined in Subsection 2.8(d) . 
 59 

Organizational Documents : with respect to any Person, a the articles of incorporation, certificate of incorporation or certificate of formation (or the equivalent organizational documents) of such Person and b the bylaws, operating agreement or partnership agreement (or the
equivalent governing documents) of such Person. Original Initial Term Loan : as defined in
 Subsection 2.1(a) . Original Initial Term Loan Commitment : as to any Lender, its obligation to
make Original Initial Term Loans to the Borrower pursuant to Subsection 2.1(a) in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any one time outstanding the amount set forth opposite such Lender s name in Schedule A under the heading
 Original Initial Term Loan Commitment collectively, as to all the Lenders, the Original Initial Term Loan Commitments . The original aggregate amount of the Original Initial Term Loan Commitments on the Closing Date is
 1,075,000,000. Original Initial Term Loan Maturity Date : August 1, 2024. 
 Other Intercreditor Agreement : an intercreditor agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to
the Borrower and the Collateral Agent. Other Representatives : JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its
capacity as Joint Lead Arranger and Joint Bookrunner, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner Smith Incorporated, in its capacity as Joint Lead Arranger and Joint Bookrunner, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., in its capacity as Joint Lead Arranger and
Joint Bookrunner, Barclays Bank PLC, in its capacity as Joint Lead Arranger and Joint Bookrunner, Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, in its capacity as Joint Lead Arranger and Joint Bookrunner, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., in its capacity Joint
Lead Arranger and Joint Bookrunner, Royal Bank of Canada, in its capacity as Joint Lead Arranger and Joint Bookrunner, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, in its capacity as Joint Lead Arranger and Joint Bookrunner, Natixis, New York Branch, in its capacity as
Joint Lead Arranger and Joint Bookrunner, and Nomura Securities International, Inc., in its capacity as Joint Lead Arranger and Joint Bookrunner. 
 Outstanding Amount : with respect to the Loans on any date, the principal amount thereof after giving effect
to any borrowings and prepayments or repayments thereof occurring on such date. Overnight Bank Funding
Rate : for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight eurodollar borrowings by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions (as such composite rate shall be determined by the NYFRB as set forth on
its public website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as an overnight bank funding rate (from and after such date as the NYFRB shall commence to publish such composite rate). 
 60 

Parent Entity : any of Management Holdings, Waterworks
Holdings LP, Waterworks Holdings LLC, Pubco, New Blocker, Topco, Core Main Buyer, Core Main Connector, the Holding Companies (including, in each case, any Successor Holding Company pursuant to and as defined in Subsection
9.16(e) of the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement), any Other Parent and any other Person that is a Subsidiary of Management Holdings, Waterworks Holdings LP, Waterworks Holdings LLC, Pubco, New Blocker, Topco, Core Main Buyer,
Core Main Connector, any Holding Company (including, in each case, any Successor Holding Company pursuant to and as defined in Subsection 9.16(e) of the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement) or any Other Parent and of which the Borrower is
a Subsidiary, in each case, solely for so long as the Borrower remains a Subsidiary of such Person. As used herein, Other Parent means a Person (which may be an IPO Vehicle) of which the Borrower is or becomes a Subsidiary that is
designated by the Borrower as an Other Parent after the Closing Date; provided that either x immediately after the Borrower first becomes a Subsidiary of such Person, more than 50.0 of the Voting Stock of such
Person shall be held by one or more Persons that held more than 50.0 of the Voting Stock of the Borrower or a Parent Entity of the Borrower immediately prior to the Borrower first becoming such Subsidiary, y such Person shall be
deemed not to be an Other Parent for the purpose of determining whether a Change of Control shall have occurred by reason of the Borrower first becoming a Subsidiary of such Person, or z in the case of an IPO Vehicle, no Change of
Control shall have occurred in treating such IPO Vehicle as if it were a Parent Entity both before and after giving effect to the Borrower becoming a Subsidiary of such IPO Vehicle. The Borrower shall not in any event be deemed to be a
 Parent Entity . Parent Expenses : i costs (including all professional
fees and expenses) incurred by any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle in connection with maintaining its existence or in connection with its reporting obligations under, or in connection with compliance with, applicable laws or applicable rules of any
governmental, regulatory or self-regulatory body or stock exchange, this Agreement or any other agreement or instrument relating to Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, including in respect of any reports filed with respect to
the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or the respective rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, ii expenses incurred by any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle in connection with the acquisition, development, maintenance, ownership,
prosecution, protection and defense of its intellectual property and associated rights (including but not limited to trademarks, service marks, trade names, trade dress, patents, copyrights and similar rights, including registrations and
registration or renewal applications in respect thereof; inventions, processes, designs, formulae, trade secrets, know-how, confidential information, computer software, data and documentation, and any other intellectual property rights; and licenses
of any of the foregoing) or assertions of infringement, misappropriation, dilution or other violation of third-party intellectual property or associated rights, to the extent such intellectual property and associated rights or assertions relate to
the business or businesses of the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof, iii indemnification obligations of any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle owing to directors, officers, employees or other Persons under its charter or by-laws (or
equivalent) or pursuant to written agreements with or for the benefit of any such Person (including the CD R Indemnification Agreement), or obligations in respect of director and officer insurance (including premiums therefor), iv other administrative and operational expenses of any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle incurred in the ordinary course of business, v fees and expenses incurred by any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle in connection with
maintenance and implementation of any management equity incentive plan associated with the management of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, and vi fees and expenses incurred by any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle in connection with any
offering of Capital Stock or Indebtedness, w which offering is not completed, or x where the net proceeds of such offering are intended to be received by or contributed or loaned to the Borrower or a Restricted
Subsidiary, or y in a prorated amount of such expenses in proportion to the amount of such net proceeds intended to be so received, contributed or loaned, or z otherwise on an interim basis prior to completion of such
offering so long as any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle shall cause the amount of such expenses to be repaid to the Borrower or the relevant Restricted Subsidiary out of the proceeds of such offering promptly if completed. 
 61 

Pari Passu Indebtedness : any Indebtedness secured by a
Lien on the Collateral ranking pari passu with the Liens securing the Term Loan Facility Obligations. 
 Participant : as defined in Subsection 11.6(c)(i) . 
 Participant Register : as defined in Subsection 11.6(b)(v) . 
 Participating Lender : as defined in Subsection 4.4(l)(iii)(2) . 
 Passthrough Holdings : CD R Plumb Buyer, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and any successor in
interest thereto. Passthrough Mergersub : as defined in the Preamble hereto, and any successor in
interest thereto. Patriot Act : as defined in Subsection 11.18 . 
 PBGC : the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation established pursuant to Subtitle A of Title IV of ERISA (or
any successor thereto). Permitted Affiliated Assignee : i CD R and any investment
fund managed or controlled by CD R, ii any special purpose vehicle established by CD R or by one or more of such investment funds managed or controlled by CD R and iii any Parent Entity. 
 Permitted Debt Exchange : as defined in Subsection 2.9(a) . 
 Permitted Debt Exchange Notes : as defined in Subsection 2.9(a) . 
 Permitted Debt Exchange Offer : as defined in Subsection 2.9(a) . 
 Permitted Holders : any of the following: i any of the CD R Investors; ii any of the Management Investors, CD R and their respective Affiliates; iii any investment fund or vehicle managed, sponsored or advised by CD R or any Affiliate thereof, and any Affiliate of or successor to any
such investment fund or vehicle; iv any limited or general partners of, or other investors in, any CD R Investor or any Affiliate thereof, or any such investment fund or vehicle; v any group (as such term
is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act as in effect on the Closing Date) of which any of the Persons specified in clause (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) above is a member provided that (without giving effect to the
existence of such group or any other group one or more of such Persons collectively have beneficial ownership, directly or indirectly, of more than 50.0 of the total voting power of the Voting Stock of the Borrower or any
Parent Entity held by such group ), and any other Person that is a member of such group vi any Person acting in the capacity of an underwriter (solely to the extent that and for so long as such Person is acting
in such capacity) in connection with a public or private offering of Capital Stock of the Borrower or any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle; and vii unless and until it constitutes a Parent Entity, any IPO Vehicle (provided that no
 person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act as in effect on the Closing Date), other than one or more Permitted Holders described in the preceding clauses
(i) through (vi), has beneficial ownership (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13-d5 under the Exchange Act as in effect on the Closing Date), directly or indirectly, of more than 50.0 of the total voting power of voting stock of such IPO Vehicle).
In addition, any person (as such term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Exchange Act as in effect on the Closing Date) whose status as a beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Exchange Act as
in effect on the Closing Date) constitutes or results in a Change of Control in respect of which the Borrower makes a Change of Control Offer pursuant to Subsection 8.8(a) (whether or not in connection with any repayment or repurchase of
Indebtedness outstanding pursuant to Junior Debt), together with its Affiliates, shall thereafter constitute Permitted Holders. 
 62 

Permitted Investment : an Investment by the Borrower or
any Restricted Subsidiary in, or consisting of, any of the following: (i) a Restricted Subsidiary, the
Borrower, or a Person that will, upon the making of such Investment, become a Restricted Subsidiary (and any Investment held by such Person that was not acquired by such Person, or made pursuant to a commitment by such Person that was not entered
into, in contemplation of so becoming a Restricted Subsidiary); (ii) another Person if as a result of such
Investment such other Person is merged or consolidated with or into, or transfers or conveys all or substantially all its assets to, or is liquidated into, the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary (and, in each case, any Investment held by such other
Person that was not acquired by such Person, or made pursuant to a commitment by such Person that was not entered into, in contemplation of such merger, consolidation or transfer); 
 (iii) Temporary Cash Investments, Investment Grade Securities or Cash Equivalents; 
 (iv) receivables owing to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, if created or acquired in the ordinary
course of business; (v) any securities or other Investments received as consideration in, or retained in
connection with, sales or other dispositions of property or assets, including Asset Dispositions made in compliance with Subsection 8.4 ; 
 (vi) securities or other Investments received in settlement of debts created in the ordinary course of business
and owing to, or of other claims asserted by, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, or as a result of foreclosure, perfection or enforcement of any Lien, or in satisfaction of judgments, including in connection with any bankruptcy proceeding or
other reorganization of another Person; (vii) Investments in existence or made pursuant to legally binding
written commitments in existence on the Closing Date and set forth on Schedule 1.1(a) , and, in each case, any extension, modification, replacement, reinvestment or renewal thereof; provided that the amount of any such Investment may be
increased in such extension, modification, replacement, reinvestment or renewal only x as required by the terms of such Investment or binding commitment as in existence on the Closing Date (including as a result of the accrual or
accretion of interest or original issue discount or the issuance of pay-in-kind securities) or y as otherwise permitted by this Agreement; 
 63 

(viii) Currency Agreements, Interest Rate Agreements,
Commodities Agreements and related Hedging Obligations, which obligations are Incurred in compliance with Subsection 8.1 ; 
 (ix) pledges or deposits x with respect to leases or utilities provided to third parties in the
ordinary course of business or y otherwise described in the definition of Permitted Liens or made in connection with Liens permitted under Subsection 8.6 ; 
 (x) 1 Investments in or by any Special Purpose Subsidiary, or in connection with a Financing
Disposition by, to, in or in favor of any Special Purpose Entity, including Investments of funds held in accounts permitted or required by the arrangements governing such Financing Disposition or any related Indebtedness, or 2 any
promissory note issued by the Borrower or any Parent Entity; provided that if such Parent Entity receives cash from the relevant Special Purpose Entity in exchange for such note, an equal cash amount is contributed by any Parent Entity to the
Borrower; (xi) bonds secured by assets leased to and operated by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary
that were issued in connection with the financing of such assets so long as the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary may obtain title to such assets at any time by paying a nominal fee, canceling such bonds and terminating the transaction; 
 (xii) [reserved]; 
 (xiii) any Investment to the extent made using Capital Stock of the Borrower (other than Disqualified Stock),
Capital Stock of any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle or Junior Capital as consideration; (xiv) Management
Advances; (xv) Investments in Related Businesses in an aggregate amount outstanding at any time not to
exceed an amount equal to the greater of 272,500,000 and 16.50 of Consolidated Tangible Assets; (xvi)
any transaction to the extent it constitutes an Investment that is permitted by and made in accordance with the provisions of Subsection 8.5(b) (except transactions described in clauses (i), (ii)(4), (iii), (v), (vi), (ix) and
(x) therein), including any Investment pursuant to any transaction described in Subsection 8.5(b)(ii) (whether or not any Person party thereto is at any time an Affiliate of the Borrower); 
 (xvii) any Investment by any Captive Insurance Subsidiary in connection with the provision of insurance to the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; 
 64 

(xviii) other Investments in an aggregate amount outstanding
at any time not to exceed an amount equal to the greater of 272,500,000 and 16.50 of Consolidated Tangible Assets; 
 (xix) Investments in prepaid expenses, negotiable instruments held for collection and lease, utility and
workers compensation, performance and similar deposits entered into as a result of the operations of the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice; 
 (xx) Investments consisting of purchases or other acquisitions of inventory, supplies, services, material or
equipment or the licensing or contribution of intellectual property pursuant to joint marketing arrangements with other Persons; 
 (xxi) any Investment in any joint venture in connection with intercompany cash management arrangements or
related activities arising in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice; and (xxii)
Investments made in the ordinary course of business or consistent with past practice in connection with obtaining, maintaining or renewing client contracts and loans or advances made to distributors in the ordinary course of business or consistent
with past practice. If any Investment pursuant to clause (xv) or (xviii) above, or Subsection 8.2(b)(vi) 
or 8.2(b)(xv) , as applicable, is made in any Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary and such Person thereafter A becomes a Restricted Subsidiary or B is merged or consolidated into, or transfers or conveys all
or substantially all of its assets to, or is liquidated into, the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary, then such Investment shall thereafter be deemed to have been made pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) above, respectively, and not clause
(xv) or (xviii) above, or Subsection 8.2(b)(vi) or 8.2(b)(xv) , as applicable, to the extent of such Investment remaining at such Unrestricted Subsidiary immediately after its redesignation as a Restricted Subsidiary. 
 Permitted Liens : 
 (a) Liens for taxes, assessments or other governmental charges not yet delinquent or the nonpayment of which in the aggregate
would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or that are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings if adequate reserves with respect thereto
are maintained on the books of the Borrower or a Subsidiary thereof, as the case may be, in accordance with GAAP; (b)
Liens with respect to outstanding motor vehicle fines and carriers , warehousemen s, mechanics , landlords , materialmen s, repairmen s or other like Liens arising in the ordinary course of business in respect of
obligations that are not known to be overdue for a period of more than 60 days or that are bonded or that are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings or which in the aggregate would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect on the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; 
 65 

(c) pledges, deposits or Liens in connection with workers 
compensation, professional liability insurance, insurance programs, unemployment insurance and other social security and other similar legislation or other insurance-related obligations (including pledges or deposits securing liability to insurance
carriers under insurance or self-insurance arrangements); (d) pledges, deposits or Liens to secure the performance of
bids, tenders, trade, government or other contracts (other than for borrowed money), obligations for utilities, leases, licenses, statutory obligations, completion guarantees, surety, judgment, appeal or performance bonds, other similar bonds,
instruments or obligations, and other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business; (e) i easements (including reciprocal easement agreements), rights-of-way, building, zoning and similar restrictions, utility agreements, covenants, reservations, restrictions, encroachments, charges, and other similar encumbrances or title
defects or irregularities incurred, ii any other matters that would be disclosed in an accurate survey affecting real property or iii leases or subleases granted, licenses or sublicenses granted, or occupancy agreements
granted to others, whether or not of record and whether now in existence or hereafter entered into which do not in the aggregate materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole;
 (f) Liens existing on, or provided for under written arrangements existing on, the Closing Date and set forth on
 Schedule 1.1(b) , or (in the case of any such Liens securing Indebtedness of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries existing or arising under written arrangements existing on the Closing Date) securing any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect
of such Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness Incurred under Subsection 8.1(b)(i) and secured under clause (k)(1) of this definition), so long as the Lien securing such Refinancing Indebtedness is limited to all or part of the same property
or assets (plus improvements, accessions, proceeds or dividends or distributions in respect thereof) that secured (or under such written arrangements could secure) the original Indebtedness; 
 (g) i mortgages, liens, security interests, restrictions, encumbrances or any other matters of record that have been
placed by any developer, landlord or other third party on property over which the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower has easement rights or on any leased property and subordination or similar agreements relating thereto and ii any condemnation or eminent domain proceedings affecting any real property; (h) Liens securing
Indebtedness (including Liens securing any Obligations in respect thereof) consisting of Hedging Obligations, Bank Products Obligations, Purchase Money Obligations or Financing Lease Obligations Incurred in compliance with Subsection 8.1 ;
 (i) Liens arising out of judgments, decrees, orders or awards in respect of which the Borrower or any Restricted
Subsidiary shall in good faith be prosecuting an appeal or proceedings for review, which appeal or proceedings shall not have been finally terminated, or if the period within which such appeal or proceedings may be initiated shall not have expired;
 (j) leases, subleases, licenses, sublicenses or occupancy agreements to or from third parties; 
 66 

(k) Liens securing Indebtedness (including Liens securing any Obligations in
respect thereof) consisting of 1 Indebtedness Incurred in compliance with Subsection 8.1(b)(i) pursuant to a this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, b the Senior ABL Facility (provided any such
Liens on the Term Loan Priority Collateral rank junior to the Liens securing the Term Loan Facility Obligations on the Term Loan Priority Collateral), c any Permitted Debt Exchange Notes (and any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect
thereof), d any Rollover Indebtedness (and any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof), e any Additional Obligations (and any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof) and f Letter of Credit
Facilities (and any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof), provided , that any Liens on Collateral pursuant to subclause (b) , (c), (d) or (e) of this clause (k)(1) shall be subject to the ABL/Term
Loan Intercreditor Agreement, any Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement or an Other Intercreditor Agreement, as applicable, 2 Indebtedness Incurred in compliance with clauses (b)(iv) , (b)(v) , (b)(vii) ,
 (b)(viii) , (b)(xi) , (b)(xvi) or clauses (b)(iii)(B) and (C) of Subsection 8.1 (other than Refinancing Indebtedness Incurred in respect of Indebtedness described in Subsection 8.1(a) or
 8.1(b)(xvii) ), 3 any Indebtedness Incurred in compliance with Subsection 8.1(b)(xiii) or (b)(xvii) or (in the case of Refinancing Indebtedness Incurred in respect of Indebtedness described in Subsection
8.1(b)(xvii) clause (b)(iii)(C) of Subsection 8.1 , provided that any Liens securing such Indebtedness shall rank junior to the Liens securing the Term Loan Facility Obligations and shall be subject to the ABL/Term Loan
Intercreditor Agreement, a Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement and/or an Other Intercreditor Agreement, as applicable, 4 ( A Acquisition Indebtedness Incurred in compliance with Subsection 8.1(b)(x) or
 (b)(xiv) ; provided that x such Liens are limited to all or part of the same property or assets, including Capital Stock (plus improvements, accessions, proceeds or dividends or distributions in respect thereof, or
replacements of any thereof) acquired, or of any Person acquired or merged or consolidated with or into the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, in any transaction to which such Acquisition Indebtedness relates, y on the date of the
Incurrence of such Indebtedness after giving effect to such Incurrence, the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio would equal or be less than the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio immediately prior to giving effect thereto or z such
Liens rank junior to the Liens securing the Term Loan Facility Obligations and shall be subject to the ABL/Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement, a Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement and/or an Other Intercreditor Agreement, as applicable, or B any Refinancing Indebtedness Incurred in respect thereof, 5 Indebtedness of any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor (limited, in the case of this clause (k)(5) , to Liens on any of the
property and assets of any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor), or 6 obligations in respect of Management Advances or Management Guarantees, in each case under the foregoing clauses (1) through
(6) including Liens securing any Guarantee of any thereof; (l) Liens existing on property or assets of a Person at,
or provided for under written arrangements existing at, the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary of the Borrower (or at the time the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary acquires such property or assets, including any acquisition by means of a
merger or consolidation with or into the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary); provided , however , that such Liens and arrangements are not created in connection with, or in contemplation of, such other Person becoming such a
Subsidiary (or such acquisition of such property or assets), and that such Liens are limited to all or part of the same property or assets (plus improvements, accessions, proceeds or dividends or distributions in respect thereof) that secured (or,
under the written arrangements under which such Liens arose, could secure) the obligations to which such Liens relate; provided , further , that for purposes of this clause (l), if a Person other than the Borrower is the Successor
Borrower with respect thereto, any Subsidiary thereof shall be deemed to become a Subsidiary of the Borrower, and any property or assets of such Person or any such Subsidiary shall be deemed acquired by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary, as
the case may be, when such Person becomes such Successor Borrower; 
 67 

(m) Liens on Capital Stock, Indebtedness or other securities of an
Unrestricted Subsidiary or any joint venture that secure Indebtedness or other obligations of such Unrestricted Subsidiary or joint venture, respectively; 
 (n) any encumbrance or restriction (including, but not limited to, pursuant to put and call agreements or buy/sell
arrangements) with respect to Capital Stock of any joint venture or similar arrangement pursuant to any joint venture or similar agreement; 
 (o) Liens securing Indebtedness (including Liens securing any Obligations in respect thereof) consisting of Refinancing
Indebtedness Incurred in respect of any Indebtedness (other than any Indebtedness described in clause (k)(1) above of this definition) secured by, or securing any refinancing, refunding, extension, renewal or replacement (in whole or in part) of any
other obligation secured by, any other Permitted Liens, provided that any such new Lien is limited to all or part of the same property or assets (plus improvements, accessions, proceeds or dividends or distributions in respect thereof) that
secured (or, under the written arrangements under which the original Lien arose, could secure) the obligations to which such Liens relate; 
 (p) Liens 1 arising by operation of law (or by agreement to the same effect) in the ordinary course of business,
including Liens arising under or by reason of the Perishable Agricultural Commodities Act of 1930, as amended from time to time, 2 on property or assets under construction (and related rights) in favor of a contractor or developer or
arising from progress or partial payments by a third party relating to such property or assets, 3 on Margin Stock, if and to the extent the value of all Margin Stock of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries exceeds 25 of the value of the
total assets subject to Subsection 8.6 , 4 on cash set aside at the time of the Incurrence of any Indebtedness or government securities purchased with such cash, in either case to the extent that such cash or government
securities prefund the payment of interest on such Indebtedness and are held in an escrow account or similar arrangement to be applied for such purpose, 5 securing or arising by reason of any netting or set-off or customer deposit
arrangement entered into in the ordinary course of banking or other trading activities (including in connection with purchase orders and other agreements with customers), 6 in favor of the Borrower or any Subsidiary (other than Liens
on property or assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary Guarantor in favor of any Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor), 7 arising out of conditional sale, title retention, consignment or similar arrangements for the sale of
goods entered into in the ordinary course of business, 8 on inventory or other goods and proceeds securing obligations in respect of bankers acceptances issued or created to facilitate the purchase, shipment or storage of such
inventory or other goods, 9 relating to pooled deposit or sweep accounts to permit satisfaction of overdraft, cash pooling or similar obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business, 10 attaching to commodity
trading or other brokerage accounts incurred in the ordinary course of business, 11 arising in connection with repurchase agreements permitted under Subsection 8.1 on assets that are the subject of such repurchase agreements, 12 in favor of any Special Purpose Entity in connection with any Financing Disposition, 13 on any amounts (including the proceeds of the applicable Indebtedness and any cash, Cash Equivalents and Temporary Cash
Investments deposited to cover interest and premium in respect of such Indebtedness) held by a trustee or escrow agent under any indenture or other debt agreement governing Indebtedness issued in escrow pursuant to customary escrow arrangements (as
determined by the Borrower in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive) pending the release thereof, or on the proceeds deposited to discharge, redeem or defease Indebtedness under any indenture or other debt agreement pursuant to
customary discharge, redemption or defeasance provisions (as determined by the Borrower in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive), pending such discharge, redemption or defeasance and after irrevocable notice thereof has been delivered
to the applicable trustee or agent, 14 on equipment of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries granted in the ordinary course of business to the Borrower s or a Restricted Subsidiary s customers or 15 ( x on accounts receivable or notes receivable (including any ancillary rights pertaining thereto) purported to be sold or disposed of in connection with any factoring agreement or similar arrangements to secure
obligations owed under such factoring agreement or similar arrangements and y any bank accounts used by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in connection with any factoring agreement or any similar arrangements; 
 68 

(q) other Liens securing Indebtedness or other obligations that in the
aggregate at any time outstanding do not exceed an amount equal to the greater of 165,000,000 and 10.00 of Consolidated Tangible Assets at the time of Incurrence of such Indebtedness or other obligations; 
 (r) Liens securing Indebtedness (including Liens securing any Obligations in respect thereof) or other obligations of, or in
favor of, any Special Purpose Entity, or in connection with a Special Purpose Financing or otherwise, Incurred pursuant to clause (b)(ix) of Subsection 8.1 ; 
 (s) Liens securing Indebtedness (including Liens securing any Obligations in respect thereof) consisting of Indebtedness
Incurred in compliance with Subsection 8.1 ; provided that on the date of Incurrence of such Indebtedness after giving effect to such Incurrence (or, at the Borrower s option, on the date of the initial borrowing of such
Indebtedness or entry into the definitive agreement providing the commitment to fund such Indebtedness after giving pro forma effect to the Incurrence of the entire committed amount thereof, in which case such committed amount may thereafter be
borrowed and reborrowed in whole or in part, from time to time, without further compliance with this clause), either x the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio shall not exceed 3.75 to 1.00 or y in the case of Liens
securing Indebtedness being Incurred to finance or refinance, or otherwise Incurred in connection with any acquisition of assets (including Capital Stock), business or Person, or any merger or consolidation of any Person with or into the Borrower or
any Restricted Subsidiary, or any other Investment, the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio of the Borrower would equal or be less than the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio of the Borrower immediately prior to giving effect thereto; and 
 (t) Liens on the Collateral, if such Liens rank junior to the Liens on such Collateral in relation to the Lien securing the
Loans and the Subsidiary Guarantees, as applicable. 
 69 

For purposes of determining compliance with this definition, s a Lien need not be incurred solely by reference to one category of Permitted Liens described in this definition but may be incurred under any combination of such categories (including in part under one such category and in part under
any other such category), t the principal amount of Indebtedness secured by a Lien outstanding under any category of Permitted Liens shall be determined after giving effect to the application of proceeds of any such Indebtedness to
refinance any such other Indebtedness, u in the event that a Lien (or any portion thereof) meets the criteria of one or more of such categories of Permitted Liens, the Borrower shall, in its sole discretion, classify or reclassify such
Lien (or any portion thereof) in any manner that complies with this definition, v any Lien securing Indebtedness that was permitted to secure such Indebtedness at the time of the Incurrence of such Indebtedness shall also be permitted
to secure any increase in the amount of such Indebtedness in connection with the accrual of interest, the accretion of accreted value, the payment of interest in the form of additional Indebtedness and the payment of dividends on Capital Stock
constituting Indebtedness in the form of additional shares of the same class of Capital Stock, w in the event that a portion of Indebtedness secured by a Lien could be classified as secured in part pursuant to clause (k)(1) above in
respect of Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to the Ratio Incremental Facility (giving effect to the Incurrence of such portion of such Indebtedness), the Borrower, in its sole discretion, may classify such portion of such Indebtedness (and any
Obligations in respect thereof) as having been secured pursuant to clause (k)(1) above in respect of Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to the Ratio Incremental Facility and the remainder of the Indebtedness as having been secured pursuant to such
clause (k)(1) in respect of Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to Subsection 8.1(b)(i) (other than pursuant to the Ratio Incremental Facility) or one or more of the other clauses or subclauses of this definition (other than clause (s)
above), x in the event that a portion of Indebtedness secured by a Lien could be classified in part pursuant to clause (s) above (giving effect to the Incurrence of such portion of Indebtedness), the Borrower, in its sole
discretion, may classify such portion of Indebtedness (and any Obligations in respect thereof) as having been secured pursuant to clause (s) above and the remainder of the Indebtedness as having been secured pursuant to one or more of the other
clauses or subclauses of this definition (other than clause (k)(1) above in respect of Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to the Ratio Incremental Facility), y if any Liens securing Indebtedness or other obligations are Incurred to
refinance Liens securing Indebtedness or other obligations initially Incurred (or, to refinance Liens Incurred to refinance Liens initially Incurred) in reliance on any category of Permitted Liens measured by reference to a percentage of
Consolidated Tangible Assets at the time of Incurrence of such Indebtedness or other obligation, and is refinanced by any Indebtedness or other obligation secured by any Lien incurred by reference to such category of Permitted Liens, and such
refinancing (or any subsequent refinancing) would cause the percentage of Consolidated Tangible Assets to be exceeded if calculated based on the Consolidated Tangible Assets on the date of such refinancing, such percentage of Consolidated Tangible
Assets shall not be deemed to be exceeded (and such refinancing Lien shall be deemed permitted) so long as the principal amount of such refinancing Indebtedness or other obligation does not exceed an amount equal to the principal amount of such
Indebtedness or other obligation being refinanced, plus the aggregate amount of fees, underwriting discounts, premiums and other costs and expenses (including accrued and unpaid interest) incurred or payable in connection with such refinancing and z if any Indebtedness or other obligation is secured by any Lien outstanding under any category of Permitted Liens measured by reference to a dollar amount, and is refinanced by any Indebtedness or other obligation secured by any Lien
incurred by reference to such category of Permitted Liens, and such refinancing (or any subsequent refinancing) would cause such dollar amount to be exceeded, such dollar amount shall not be deemed to be exceeded (and such refinancing Lien shall be
deemed permitted) so long as the principal amount of such refinancing Indebtedness or other obligation does not exceed an amount equal to the principal amount of such Indebtedness being refinanced, plus the aggregate amount of fees, underwriting
discounts, premiums and other costs and expenses (including accrued and unpaid interest) incurred or payable in connection with such refinancing. 
 70 

Permitted Payment : as defined in Subsection
8.2(b) . Permitted Repricing Amendment : as defined in Subsection 11.1(i) . 
 Person : an individual, partnership, corporation, company, limited liability company, business trust, trust,
joint stock company, unincorporated organization, association, joint venture, Governmental Authority or other entity of whatever nature. 
 Plan : at a particular time, any employee benefit plan which is covered by ERISA and in respect of which the
Borrower or a Commonly Controlled Entity is an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. 
 Platform : Intralinks, SyndTrak Online, Debtdomain or any other similar electronic distribution system. 
 Plumb Acquisition Agreement : the Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 4, 2017, as amended and restated
pursuant to the Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 14, 2017, by and among Passthrough Holdings, Passthrough Mergersub, New Blocker, Blocker Mergersub, the Sellers, Waterworks Blocker, Waterworks Opco and HD
Supply, Inc., as the same may be further amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. 
 Preferred Stock : as applied to the Capital Stock of any corporation or company, Capital Stock of any class
or classes (however designated) that by its terms is preferred as to the payment of dividends, or as to the distribution of assets upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation or dissolution of such corporation or company, over Capital Stock of any
other class of such corporation or company. Prepayment Date : as defined in Subsection 4.4(h) .
 Pricing Grid : with respect to Original Initial Term Loans: 

Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio 
 
 Applicable Margin for ABR Loans 

Applicable Margin 
for Eurodollar Term SOFR Rate Loans 

Greater than or equal to 5.75 to 1.00 

2.00 

3.00 

Less than 5.75 to 1.00 

1.75 

2.75 
 
 Projections : those financial projections included in the confidential
information memoranda and related material prepared in connection with the syndication of the Facilities and provided to the Lenders on or about July 12, 2017. 
 71 

Pubco : Core Main, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, and any successor in interest thereto. Pubco IPO : the Qualified IPO of Pubco relating to
Pubco s registration statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-256382). Pubco IPO Transaction
Proceeds : the cash equity contributions to the Borrower on the First Amendment Effective Date from the proceeds of the Pubco IPO solely to the extent used to fund the Tranche B Effective Date Transactions. 
 Pubco Merger Sub 1 : Brooks Merger Sub 1, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and any successor in interest
thereto. Pubco Merger Sub 2 : Brooks Merger Sub 2, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and any successor in
interest thereto. Pubco Merger Subs : Pubco Merger Sub 1 and Pubco Merger Sub 2, collectively, and each
individually, a Pubco Merger Sub . Pubco Merger Sub Mergers : collectively, i the merger of Passthrough Holdings with and into New Blocker Holdings, with New Blocker Holdings being the survivor of such merger, ii the merger of Blocker Holdings with and into New Blocker, with New Blocker being the
survivor of such merger, iii the merger of Pubco Merger Sub 1 with and into WW Advisor, with WW Advisor being the survivor of such merger and iv the merger of Pubco Merger Sub 2 with and into New Blocker Holdings, with
New Blocker Holdings being the survivor of such merger. Pubco Mergers : collectively, i the merger of WW Advisor with and into Pubco, with Pubco being the survivor of such merger and ii the merger of New Blocker Holdings with and into Pubco, with Pubco being the survivor of such merger. 
 PTE : a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption
may be amended from time to time. Purchase : as defined in clause (4) of the definition of
 Consolidated Coverage Ratio. Purchase Money Obligations : any Indebtedness Incurred to
finance or refinance the acquisition, leasing, construction or improvement of property (real or personal) or assets, and whether acquired through the direct acquisition of such property or assets or the acquisition of the Capital Stock of any Person
owning such property or assets, or otherwise. Qualified IPO : the issuance, sale or listing of common
equity interests of the Borrower, any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle pursuant to an effective registration statement filed with the SEC in accordance with the Securities Act (whether alone, in connection with an underwritten or secondary public
offering or otherwise) and such equity interests are listed on a nationally-recognized stock exchange in the U.S. 
 72 

Qualifying Lender : as defined in Subsection
4.4(l)(iv)(3) . Ratio Incremental Facility : as defined in the definition of Maximum
Incremental Facilities Amount . Receivable : a right to receive payment pursuant to an arrangement
with another Person pursuant to which such other Person is obligated to pay, as determined in accordance with GAAP. 
 Recovery Event : any settlement of or payment in respect of any property or casualty insurance claim or any
condemnation proceeding relating to any asset of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary constituting Collateral giving rise to Net Available Cash to the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, in excess of the greater of
 50,000,000 and 3.50 of Consolidated Tangible Assets, to the extent that such settlement or payment does not constitute reimbursement or compensation for amounts previously paid by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of such
casualty or condemnation. Reference Banks : JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Bank of America, N.A., Citibank,
N.A., Barclays Bank PLC, Credit Suisse AG, Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, Royal Bank of Canada, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Natixis, New York Branch and Nomura Corporate Funding Americas, LLC. 
 refinance : refinance, refund, replace, renew, repay, modify, restate, defer, substitute, supplement,
reissue, resell or extend (including pursuant to any defeasance or discharge mechanism); and the terms refinances , refinanced and refinancing as used for any purpose in this Agreement shall
have a correlative meaning. Refinancing Agreement : as defined in Subsection 8.3(c) . 
 73 

Refinancing Indebtedness : Indebtedness that is Incurred
to refinance Indebtedness (or unutilized commitments in respect of Indebtedness) Incurred pursuant to this Agreement and the Loan Documents, the Senior ABL Facility and any Indebtedness (or unutilized commitment in respect of Indebtedness) existing
on the Closing Date and set forth on Schedule 8.1 or Incurred (or established) in compliance with this Agreement (including Indebtedness of the Borrower that refinances Indebtedness (or unutilized commitments in respect of Indebtedness) of
the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (to the extent permitted in this Agreement) and Indebtedness of any Restricted Subsidiary that refinances Indebtedness (or unutilized commitments in respect of Indebtedness) of the Borrower or another
Restricted Subsidiary) including Indebtedness that refinances Refinancing Indebtedness, and Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to a commitment that refinances any Indebtedness or unutilized commitment; provided that 1 if the
Indebtedness being refinanced is Subordinated Obligations or Guarantor Subordinated Obligations, the Refinancing Indebtedness x has a final Stated Maturity at the time such Refinancing Indebtedness is Incurred that is the same as or
later than the final Stated Maturity of the Indebtedness being refinanced (or, if earlier, the Initial Term Loan Maturity Date), y has a weighted average life to maturity at the time such Refinancing Indebtedness is Incurred that is
equal to or longer than the remaining weighted average life to maturity of the Indebtedness being refinanced (or, if shorter, the remaining weighted average life to maturity of the Initial Term Loans) provided that any applicable Refinancing
Indebtedness may have an earlier maturity date and/or shorter weighted average life to maturity 1 in the case of customary bridge financings, which, subject to customary conditions (as determined by the Borrower in good faith, which
determination shall be conclusive), would either be automatically converted into or required to be exchanged for permanent financing which does not provide for such earlier maturity date or such shorter weighted average life to maturity, 2 pursuant to an escrow or similar arrangement with respect to the proceeds of such Refinancing Indebtedness or 3 if the aggregate principal amount of such applicable Refinancing Indebtedness at any time outstanding
(together with the aggregate principal amount of any Additional Obligations and Indebtedness under any Incremental Term Loan Commitments, any Specified Refinancing Term Loan Facility and any applicable Extended Tranche, in each case outstanding
under the Earlier Maturity Date Basket) does not exceed the Earlier Maturity Date Basket) and z if an Event of Default under Subsection 9.1(a) or (f) is continuing, is subordinated in right of payment to the Term
Loan Facility Obligations to the same extent as the Indebtedness being refinanced, 2 such Refinancing Indebtedness is Incurred in an aggregate principal amount (or, if issued with original issue discount, with an aggregate issue price)
that is equal to or less than the sum of x the aggregate principal amount then outstanding of the Indebtedness being refinanced, plus y an amount equal to any unutilized commitment relating to the Indebtedness
being refinanced or otherwise then outstanding under the financing arrangement being refinanced to the extent the unutilized commitment being refinanced could be drawn in compliance with Subsection 8.1 immediately prior to such refinancing,
 plus z fees, underwriting discounts, premiums and other costs and expenses (including accrued and unpaid interest) Incurred or payable in connection with such refinancing, 3 Refinancing Indebtedness shall not
include x Indebtedness of a Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor that refinances Indebtedness of the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor that could not have been initially Incurred by such Restricted Subsidiary
pursuant to Subsection 8.1 or y Indebtedness of the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary that refinances Indebtedness of an Unrestricted Subsidiary, and 4 if the Indebtedness being refinanced constitutes Additional
Obligations, Rollover Indebtedness, Permitted Debt Exchange Notes or Term Loan Facility Obligations Incurred pursuant to Subsection 8.1(b)(i)(II)(a) (or Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of the foregoing Indebtedness), w the Refinancing Indebtedness complies with the requirements of the definition of Additional Obligations (other than clause (ii) thereof), x if the Indebtedness being refinanced is unsecured and an Event
of Default under Subsection 9.1(a) or (f) is continuing, the Refinancing Indebtedness is unsecured and y if the Indebtedness being refinanced is secured by a Lien on Term Loan Priority Collateral ranking junior to
the Liens on Term Loan Priority Collateral securing the Term Loan Facility Obligations and an Event of Default under Subsection 9.1(a) or (f) is continuing, the Refinancing Indebtedness is unsecured or secured by a Lien on Term
Loan Priority Collateral ranking junior to the Liens on Collateral securing the Term Loan Facility Obligations. 
 Refunding Capital Stock : as defined in Subsection 8.2(b)(i) . 
 Register : as defined in Subsection 11.6(b)(iv) . 
 74 

Regulated Bank : x an Approved Commercial
Bank that is i a U.S. depository institution the deposits of which are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation; ii a corporation organized under Section 25A of the U.S. Federal Reserve Act of 1913; iii a branch, agency or commercial lending company of a foreign bank operating pursuant to approval by and under the supervision of the Board under 12 CFR part 211; iv a non-U.S. branch of a foreign bank managed and
controlled by a U.S. branch referred to in clause (iii); or v any other U.S. or non-U.S. depository institution or any branch, agency or similar office thereof supervised by a bank regulatory authority in any jurisdiction or y any Affiliate of a Person set forth in clause (x) to the extent that 1 all of the Capital Stock of such Affiliate is directly or indirectly owned by either I such Person set forth in clause
(x) or II a parent entity that also owns, directly or indirectly, all of the Capital Stock of such Person set forth in clause (x) and 2 such Affiliate is a securities broker or dealer registered with the SEC under
Section 15 of the Exchange Act. Regulation D : Regulation D of the Board as in effect from time to
time. Regulation S-X : Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC as in effect on the Closing Date. 
 Regulation T : Regulation T of the Board as in effect from time to time. 
 Regulation U : Regulation U of the Board as in effect from time to time. 
 Regulation X : Regulation X of the Board as in effect from time to time. 
 Reinvestment Period : as defined in Subsection 8.4(b)(i) . 
 Related Business : those businesses in which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is engaged on the
Closing Date, or that are similar, related, complementary, incidental or ancillary thereto or extensions, developments or expansions thereof. 
 Related Parties : with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates and the partners, officers,
directors, trustees, employees, equity holders, shareholders, members, attorneys and other advisors, agents and controlling persons of such Person and of such Person s affiliates and Related Party shall mean any of them. 

 75 

Related Taxes : x any taxes, charges or
assessments, including but not limited to sales, use, transfer, rental, ad valorem, value added, stamp, property, consumption, franchise, license, capital, net worth, gross receipts, excise, occupancy, intangibles or similar taxes, charges or
assessments (other than federal, state or local taxes measured by income and federal, state or local withholding imposed by any government or other taxing authority on payments made by any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle other than to another Parent
Entity or IPO Vehicle), required to be paid by any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle by virtue of its being incorporated or having Capital Stock outstanding (but not by virtue of owning stock or other equity interests of any corporation or other entity
other than the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle), or being a holding company parent of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle or receiving dividends from or other distributions
in respect of the Capital Stock of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle, or having guaranteed any obligations of the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof, or having received any payment in respect of any of the
items for which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is permitted to make payments to any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle pursuant to Subsection 8.2 , or acquiring, developing, maintaining, owning, prosecuting, protecting or defending its
intellectual property and associated rights (including but not limited to receiving or paying royalties for the use thereof), or assertions of infringement, misappropriation, dilution or other violation of third-party intellectual property or
associated rights, to the extent relating to the business or businesses of the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof, y any taxes attributable to any taxable period (or portion thereof) ending on or prior to the Closing Date, or to the
consummation of any of the Transactions or the Tranche B Effective Date Transactions, or to any Parent Entity s or IPO Vehicle s receipt of (or entitlement to) any payment in connection with the Transactions or the Tranche B Effective Date
Transactions, including any payment received after the Closing Date pursuant to any agreement related to the Transactions or the Tranche B Effective Date Transactions or z any Tax Distributions; provided that at the election of
the Borrower in connection with an initial public offering or other restructuring of the Borrower or any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle, this clause (z) shall instead mean any other federal, state, foreign, provincial or local taxes measured by
income for which any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle is liable up to an amount not to exceed, with respect to federal taxes, the amount of any such taxes that the Borrower and its Subsidiaries would have been required to pay on a separate company
basis, or on a consolidated basis as if the Borrower had filed a consolidated return on behalf of an affiliated group (as defined in Section 1504 of the Code) of which it were the common parent, or with respect to state, foreign, provincial and
local taxes, the amount of any such taxes that the Borrower and its Subsidiaries would have been required to pay on a separate company basis, or on a consolidated, combined, unitary or affiliated basis as if the Borrower had filed a consolidated,
combined, unitary or affiliated return on behalf of an affiliated group (as defined in the applicable state, foreign, provincial or local tax laws for filing such return) consisting only of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries. Taxes include all
interest, penalties and additions relating thereto. Reorganization Agreement : the Master
Reorganization Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2021, by and among Topco, Pubco, Management Holdings, Waterworks Holdings LLC, certain CD R Investors and other parties set forth in the preamble thereto, as the same may be amended,
supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time to time. Reportable Event : any of the events set
forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder, other than those events as to which the 30 day notice period is waived under Section 21, 22, 23, 24, 25, 27 or 28 of PBGC Regulation Section 4043 or any successor
regulation thereto. 
 76 

Repricing Transaction : the prepayment, refinancing,
substitution or replacement of all or a portion of the Initial Term Loans (including, without limitation, as may be effected through any amendment, waiver or modification to this Agreement relating to the interest rate for, or weighted average yield
of, the Initial Term Loans), a if the primary purpose of such prepayment, refinancing, substitution, replacement, amendment, waiver or modification is (as determined by the Borrower in good faith, which determination shall be
conclusive) to refinance the Initial Term Loans at a lower effective yield (taking into account, among other factors, margin, upfront or similar fees or original issue discount shared with all providers of such financing, but excluding
the effect of any arrangement, commitment, underwriting, structuring, syndication or other fees payable in connection therewith that are not shared with all providers of such financing, and without taking into account any fluctuations in the Adjusted LIBOR Term
SOFR Rate, but including any LIBOR Term SOFR Rate floor or similar floor that is higher than the then
applicable Adjusted
LIBOR Term SOFR Rate), b if the
prepayment, refinancing, substitution, replacement, amendment, waiver or modification is effectuated by the incurrence by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of new Indebtedness, such new Indebtedness is broadly marketed or syndicated first
lien secured bank financing, and c if such prepayment, refinancing, substitution, replacement, amendment, waiver or modification results in first lien secured bank financing having an effective yield (as reasonably
determined by the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Borrower, consistent with generally accepted financial practices, after giving effect to, among other factors, margin, upfront or similar fees or original issue discount shared with
all providers of such financing (calculated based on assumed four-year average life), but excluding the effect of any arrangement, commitment, underwriting, structuring, syndication or other fees payable in connection therewith that are not shared
with all providers of such financing, and without taking into account any fluctuations in the Adjusted LIBOR Term SOFR Rate, but including any LIBOR Term SOFR
Rate floor or similar floor that is higher than the then applicable Adjusted LIBOR Term SOFR Rate) that is less than the effective yield (as
reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent, in consultation with the Borrower, on the same basis) of the Initial Term Loans prior to being so prepaid, refinanced, substituted or replaced or subject to such amendment, waiver or modification to
this Agreement. Required Lenders : Lenders the Term Credit Percentages of which aggregate to
greater than 50.0 ; provided that the Term Loans and unused Term Loan Commitments (if any) held or deemed held by Defaulting Lenders shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Lenders; provided further ,
that the Term Loans and unused Term Loan Commitments (if any) held or deemed held by a Disqualified Party shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Lenders. 
 Required Majority in Interest Lenders : Lenders of any Tranche or Lenders of any group of affected Lenders,
as applicable, the Total Credit Percentages of which aggregate to greater than 50.0 of the Total Credit Percentages of such Tranche or Lenders of such group of affected Lenders; provided that Incremental Revolving Commitments and Term Loans
and unused Term Loan Commitments (if any) held or deemed held by Defaulting Lenders shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Majority in Interest Lenders; provided , further , that the Incremental Revolving
Commitments and Term Loans and unused Term Loan Commitments (if any) held or deemed held by a Disqualified Party shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Majority in Interest Lenders. 
 Requirement of Law : as to any Person, the Organizational Documents of such Person, and any law, statute,
ordinance, code, decree, treaty, rule or regulation or determination of an arbitrator or a court or other Governmental Authority, in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its material property or to which such Person or any
of its material property is subject, including laws, ordinances and regulations pertaining to zoning, occupancy and subdivision of real properties; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to any non-binding recommendation of any
Governmental Authority. Resolution Authority : an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK
Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 77 

Responsible Officer : as to any Person, any of the
following officers of such Person: a the chief executive officer or the president of such Person and, with respect to financial matters, the chief financial officer, chief accounting officer, the treasurer or the controller of such
Person, b any vice president of such Person or, with respect to financial matters, any assistant treasurer or assistant controller of such Person, in each case who has been designated in writing to the Administrative Agent or the
Collateral Agent as a Responsible Officer by such chief executive officer or president of such Person or, with respect to financial matters, by such chief financial officer of such Person, c with respect to the fifth and sixth
sentences of Subsection 1.2(c) , Subsection 7.7 and ERISA matters and without limiting the foregoing, the general counsel (or substantial equivalent) of such Person, d with respect to any Person that does not have
officers, the officer listed in clauses (a) through (c) of a Person that has the authority to act on behalf of such Person and e any other individual designated as a Responsible Officer for the purposes of this
Agreement by the Board of Directors or equivalent body of such Person. Restricted Payment : as defined
in Subsection 8.2(a) . Restricted Payment Transaction : any Restricted Payment permitted pursuant
to Subsection 8.2 , any Permitted Payment, any Permitted Investment, or any transaction specifically excluded from the definition of the term Restricted Payment (including pursuant to the exception contained in clause (i) of
such definition and the parenthetical exclusions contained in clauses (ii) and (iii) of such definition). 
 Restricted Subsidiary : any Subsidiary of the Borrower other than an Unrestricted Subsidiary. 
 Revolving Lender : any Incremental Revolving Lender. 
 Revolving Loans : any Incremental Revolving Loans. 
 Rollover Indebtedness : Indebtedness of the Borrower or a Guarantor issued to any Lender in lieu of such
Lender s pro rata portion of any repayment of Term Loans made pursuant to Subsection 4.4(a) or (e) ; so long as (other than in connection with a refinancing in full of the Facilities) such Indebtedness would not have a weighted
average life to maturity that is shorter than the remaining weighted average life to maturity of the Term Loans being repaid. 
 S P : Standard Poor s Financial Services LLC, a division of S P Global, Inc., and
its successors. Sale : as defined in clause (3) of the definition of Consolidated Coverage
Ratio. Sanctions : as defined in clause (c) of the first sentence of Subsection 5.21 .
 SEC : the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor thereto. 
 Second
 Amendment : the Second Amendment, dated as of February 26, 2023, by and among the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 Second
 Amendment Effective Date : February 26, 2023. 
 78 

Secured Parties : the Secured Parties as
defined in the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement. Securities Act : the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended from time to time. Security Documents : the collective reference to the Guarantee and
Collateral Agreement and all other similar security documents hereafter delivered to the Collateral Agent granting or perfecting a Lien on any asset or assets of any Loan Party to secure the obligations and liabilities of the Loan Parties hereunder
and/or under any of the other Loan Documents or to secure any guarantee by any Guarantor of any such obligations and liabilities, including any security documents executed and delivered or caused to be delivered to the Collateral Agent pursuant to
 Subsection 7.9(a) , 7.9(b) , 7.9(c) or 7.9(d) , in each case, as amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Sellers : HD Supply Holdings, LLC, a Florida limited liability company, and HD Supply GP 
Management, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and in each case any successor in interest thereto. Senior ABL
Agreement : the ABL Credit Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, as amended by Amendment No. 1, dated as of July 8, 2019, Amendment No. 2, dated as of May 4, 2020, and Amendment No. 3, dated as of the First
Amendment Effective Date, among the Borrower, the subsidiary borrowers party thereto from time to time, the lenders party thereto from time to time and Citibank, N.A. (and/or one of its Affiliates), as administrative agent and collateral agent
thereunder, as such agreement may be further amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time to time or refunded, refinanced, restructured, replaced, renewed, repaid, increased, decreased or extended from time to time (whether in whole
or in part, whether with the original administrative agent and lenders or other agents and lenders or otherwise, and whether provided under the original Senior ABL Agreement or one or more other credit agreements or otherwise), except to the extent
such agreement, instrument or document expressly provides that it is not intended to be and is not a Senior ABL Agreement. Any reference to the Senior ABL Agreement hereunder shall be deemed a reference to each Senior ABL Agreement then in
existence. Senior ABL Facility : the collective reference to the Senior ABL Agreement, any Loan
Documents (as defined therein), any notes and letters of credit issued pursuant thereto and any guarantee and collateral agreement, patent, trademark and copyright security agreement, mortgages, letter of credit applications and other guarantees,
pledge agreements, security agreements and collateral documents, and other instruments and documents, executed and delivered pursuant to or in connection with any of the foregoing, in each case as the same may be amended, supplemented, waived or
otherwise modified from time to time, or refunded, refinanced, restructured, replaced, renewed, repaid, increased, decreased or extended from time to time (whether in whole or in part, whether with the original agent and lenders or other agents and
lenders or otherwise, and whether provided under the original Senior ABL Agreement or one or more other credit agreements, indentures or financing agreements or otherwise) except to the extent such agreement, instrument or document expressly
provides that it is not intended to be and is not a Senior ABL Facility. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the term Senior ABL Facility shall include any agreement i changing the maturity of any Indebtedness
Incurred thereunder or contemplated thereby, ii adding Subsidiaries of the Borrower as additional borrowers or guarantors thereunder, iii increasing or decreasing the amount of Indebtedness Incurred thereunder or
available to be borrowed thereunder or iv otherwise altering the terms and conditions thereof. 
 79 

Senior Add-on Notes : Additional 6.125 Senior Notes due
2025 of the Borrower issued on June 5, 2020, as the same may be exchanged for substantially similar senior notes that have been registered under the Securities Act, and as the same or such substantially similar notes may be amended,
supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. Senior
Notes : 6.125 Senior Notes due 2025 of the Borrower issued on the Closing Date, as the same may be exchanged for substantially similar senior notes that have been registered under the Securities Act, and as the same or such substantially
similar notes may be amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. 
 Senior Notes Documents : the Senior Notes Indenture and all other instruments, agreements and other
documents evidencing or governing the Senior Notes and the Senior Add-on Notes or providing for any guarantee, obligation, security or other right in respect thereof, as the same may be amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time
to time. Senior Notes Indenture : the Indenture dated as of the Closing Date, under which the Senior
Notes and the Senior Add-on Notes are issued, as the same may be amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Set : the collective reference to
 Eurodollar Term SOFR
Rate Loans of a single Tranche, the then current Interest Periods with respect to all of which begin on the same date and end on the same later date (whether or not such Eurodollar Term SOFR
Rate Loans shall originally have been made on the same day). 
 Settlement Service : as defined in Subsection 11.6(b) . 
 Single Employer Plan : any Plan which is covered by Title IV or Section 302 of ERISA or
Section 412 of the Code, but which is not a Multiemployer Plan. SOFR : with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the secured
overnight financing rate for such U.S. Government Securities Business Day published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website on the immediately succeeding U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 
 SOFR
 Administrator : the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 SOFR
 Administrator s Website : the NYFRB s website, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 
 80 

Solicited Discount Proration : as defined in Subsection
4.4(l)(iv)(3) . Solicited Discounted Prepayment Amount : as defined in
 Subsection 4.4(l)(iv)(1) . Solicited Discounted Prepayment Notice : an irrevocable written
notice of a Borrower Solicitation of Discounted Prepayment Offer made pursuant to Subsection 4.4(l)(iv) substantially in the form of Exhibit Q . 
 Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offer : the irrevocable written offer by each Lender, substantially in the
form of Exhibit R , submitted following the Administrative Agent s receipt of a Solicited Discounted Prepayment Notice. 
 Solicited Discounted Prepayment Response Date : as defined in Subsection 4.4(l)(iv)(1) . 
 Solvent and Solvency : with respect to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a
consolidated basis after giving effect to the Transactions on the Closing Date means i the Fair Value and Present Fair Salable Value of the assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole exceed their Stated Liabilities
and Identified Contingent Liabilities; ii the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole do not have Unreasonably Small Capital; and iii the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole will be able to pay their
Stated Liabilities and Identified Contingent Liabilities as they mature (all capitalized terms used in this definition (other than Borrower , Closing Date , Subsidiary and Transactions , which have the
meanings set forth in this Agreement) shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the form of solvency certificate attached hereto as Exhibit H ). 
 Special Purpose Entity : x any Special Purpose Subsidiary or y any other Person
that is engaged in the business of i acquiring, selling, collecting, financing or refinancing Receivables, accounts (as defined in the Uniform Commercial Code or any analogous law, as in effect in any applicable jurisdiction from time
to time), other accounts and/or other receivables, and/or related assets, ii acquiring, selling, leasing, financing or refinancing Real Property and/or related rights (including under leases and insurance policies) and/or related
assets (including managing, exercising and disposing of any such rights and/or assets) and/or iii financing or refinancing in respect of Capital Stock of any Special Purpose Subsidiary. 
 Special Purpose Financing : any financing or refinancing of assets consisting of or including Receivables
and/or Real Property of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that have been transferred to a Special Purpose Entity or made subject to a Lien in a Financing Disposition (including any financing or refinancing in respect of Capital Stock of a
Special Purpose Subsidiary held by another Special Purpose Subsidiary). Special Purpose Financing
Expense : for any period, a the aggregate interest expense for such period on any Indebtedness of any Special Purpose Subsidiary that is a Restricted Subsidiary, which Indebtedness is not recourse to the Borrower or any
Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Special Purpose Subsidiary (other than with respect to Special Purpose Financing Undertakings), and b Special Purpose Financing Fees. 
 81 

Special Purpose Financing Fees : distributions or payments
made directly or by means of discounts with respect to any participation interest issued or sold in connection with, and other fees paid to a Person that is not a Restricted Subsidiary in connection with, any Special Purpose Financing. 
 Special Purpose Financing Undertakings : representations, warranties, covenants, indemnities, guarantees of
performance and (subject to clause (y) of the proviso below) other agreements and undertakings entered into or provided by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that the Borrower determines in good faith (which determination shall
be conclusive) are customary or otherwise necessary or advisable in connection with a Special Purpose Financing or a Financing Disposition; provided that x it is understood that Special Purpose Financing Undertakings may consist
of or include i reimbursement and other obligations in respect of notes, letters of credit, surety bonds and similar instruments provided for credit enhancement purposes, ii Hedging Obligations or other obligations
relating to Interest Rate Agreements, Currency Agreements or Commodities Agreements entered into by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, in respect of any Special Purpose Financing or Financing Disposition, or iii any Guarantee
in respect of customary recourse obligations (as determined in good faith by the Borrower, which determination shall be conclusive) in connection with any collateralized mortgage-backed securitization or any other Special Purpose Financing or
Financing Disposition, including in respect of Liabilities in the event of any involuntary case commenced with the collusion of any Special Purpose Subsidiary or any Affiliate thereof, or any voluntary case commenced by any Special Purpose
Subsidiary, under any applicable bankruptcy law, and y subject to the preceding clause (x), any such other agreements and undertakings shall not include any Guarantee of Indebtedness of a Special Purpose Subsidiary by the Borrower or a
Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Special Purpose Subsidiary. Special Purpose Subsidiary : any
Subsidiary of the Borrower that a is engaged solely in x the business of i acquiring, selling, collecting, financing or refinancing Receivables, accounts (as defined in the Uniform Commercial Code or any
analogous law, as in effect in any applicable jurisdiction from time to time) and other accounts and receivables (including any thereof constituting or evidenced by chattel paper, instruments or general intangibles), all proceeds thereof and all
rights (contractual and other), collateral and other assets relating thereto, ii acquiring, selling, leasing, financing or refinancing Real Property and/or related rights (including under leases and insurance policies) and/or related
assets (including managing, exercising and disposing of any such rights and/or assets), all proceeds thereof and all rights (contractual and other), collateral and/or other assets relating thereto, and/or iii owning or holding Capital
Stock of any Special Purpose Subsidiary and/or engaging in any financing or refinancing in respect thereof, and y any business or activities incidental or related to such business, and b is designated as a Special
Purpose Subsidiary by the Borrower. Specified Discount : as defined in Subsection
4.4(l)(ii)(1) . Specified Discount Prepayment Amount : as defined in Subsection
4.4(l)(ii)(1) . Specified Discount Prepayment Notice : an irrevocable written notice of the Borrower
Offer of Specified Discount Prepayment made pursuant to Subsection 4.4(l)(ii) substantially in the form of Exhibit S . 
 82 

Specified Discount Prepayment Response : the written
response by each Lender, substantially in the form of Exhibit T , to a Specified Discount Prepayment Notice. 
 Specified Discount Prepayment Response Date : as defined in Subsection 4.4(l)(ii)(1) . 
 Specified Discount Proration : as defined in Subsection 4.4(l)(ii)(3) . 
 Specified Existing Tranche : as defined in Subsection 2.10(a)(ii) . 
 Specified Refinancing Amendment : an amendment to this Agreement effecting the incurrence of Specified
Refinancing Facilities in accordance with Subsection 2.11 . Specified Refinancing Facilities : as
defined in Subsection 2.11(a) . Specified Refinancing Indebtedness : Indebtedness incurred by the
Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with Subsection 2.11 . Specified Refinancing Lenders : as
defined in Subsection 2.11(b) . Specified Refinancing Loans : as defined in Subsection
2.11(a) . Specified Refinancing Term Loan Facilities : as defined in Subsection 2.11(a) .
 Specified Refinancing Term Loans : as defined in Subsection 2.11(a) . 
 Specified Refinancing Tranche : Specified Refinancing Facilities with the same terms and conditions made on
the same day and any Supplemental Term Loan in respect thereof added to such Tranche pursuant to Subsection 2.8 . 
 Specified Representations : the representations set forth in x the last sentence of
 Subsection 5.2 , y Subsections 5.3(a) (with respect to due organization and valid existence), 5.4 (other than the second sentence thereof), (to the extent the incurrence of the Loans, the provision of guarantees and
granting of security would contravene the Organizational Documents of any Loan Party) 5.5(c) , 5.11, 5.13 (subject to the limitations set forth in the proviso to Subsections 6.1(a) , 6.1(g) and 6.1(h) ),
 5.21(a) and (to the extent the use of proceeds of the Loans on the Closing Date would violate OFAC) clause (c) of the first sentence of Subsection 5.21 and z the first sentence of Subsection 5.14 . 
 Sponsor : CD R. 
 Stated Maturity : with respect to any Indebtedness, the date specified in such Indebtedness as the fixed
date on which the payment of principal of such Indebtedness is due and payable, including pursuant to any mandatory redemption provision (but excluding any provision providing for the repurchase or repayment of such Indebtedness at the option of the
holder thereof upon the happening of any contingency). 
 83 

Statutory
Reserves : for any day as applied to a Eurodollar Loan, the average maximum rate at which reserves (including any marginal, supplemental or emergency reserves) are required to be maintained during such Interest Period under
Regulation D by member banks of the United States Federal Reserve System in New York City with deposits exceeding 1,000,000,000 against Eurocurrency liabilities (as such term is used in Regulation D). Eurodollar
Loans shall be deemed to constitute Eurocurrency liabilities and to be subject to such reserve requirements without benefit of or credit for proration, exceptions or offsets which may be available from time to time to any Lender under Regulation
D. Submitted Amount : as defined in
 Subsection 4.4(l)(iii)(1) . Submitted Discount : as defined in Subsection 4.4(l)(iii)(1) .
 Subordinated Obligations : any Indebtedness of the Borrower (whether outstanding on the Closing Date or
thereafter Incurred) that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the Term Loan Facility Obligations pursuant to a written agreement. 
 Subsection 2.10 Additional Amendment : as defined in Subsection 2.10(c) . 
 Subsidiary : as to any Person, a corporation, association, partnership, limited liability company or other
entity a of which shares of stock or other ownership interests having ordinary voting power (other than stock or such other ownership interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) to elect a majority of
the Board of Directors or other managers of such corporation, partnership, limited liability company or other entity are at the time owned by such Person, or b the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly or indirectly
through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person and, in the case of this clause (b), which is treated as a consolidated subsidiary for accounting purposes. Unless otherwise qualified, all references to a Subsidiary or
to Subsidiaries in this Agreement shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Borrower. 
 Subsidiary Guarantor : x each Domestic Subsidiary (other than any Excluded Subsidiary) of the
Borrower which executes and delivers a Subsidiary Guaranty pursuant to Subsection 7.9 or otherwise, in each case, unless and until such time as the respective Subsidiary Guarantor a ceases to constitute a Domestic Subsidiary of
the Borrower in accordance with the terms and provisions hereof, b is designated an Unrestricted Subsidiary pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or c is released from all of its obligations under the Subsidiary
Guaranty in accordance with the terms and provisions thereof and y each other Subsidiary of the Borrower which the Borrower causes to execute and deliver a Subsidiary Guaranty pursuant to the last sentence of Subsection 7.9(b) 
or otherwise, in each case, unless and until such time as the respective Subsidiary Guarantor a ceases to constitute a Domestic Subsidiary of the Borrower in accordance with the terms and provisions hereof, b is
designated an Unrestricted Subsidiary pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or c is released from all of its obligations under the Subsidiary Guaranty in accordance with the terms and provisions thereof. 
 Subsidiary Guaranty : the guaranty of the Term Loan Facility Obligations of the Borrower under the Loan
Documents provided pursuant to the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement or pursuant to a guaranty in such other form as may be agreed between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 84 

Successor Borrower : as defined in Subsection
8.7(a)(i) . Supplemental Term Loan Commitments : as defined in Subsection 2.8(a) . 
 Supplemental Term Loans : Term Loans made in respect of Supplemental Term Loan Commitments. 
 Supply Agreement : the Supply Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by and between the Borrower and HD
Supply Facilities Maintenance, Ltd. d/b/a USABlueBook, as the same may be amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Tax Distributions : tax distributions to members of Core Main Connector pursuant to the Borrower
Partnership Agreement. Tax Receivables Agreements : i that certain tax receivables
agreement entered into in connection with the Tranche B Effective Date Transactions by and among Pubco, Topco, and certain limited partners of Topco and ii that certain tax receivables agreement entered into in connection with the
Tranche B Effective Date Transactions by and among Pubco, Topco, and certain stockholders of Pubco, in either case of clause (i) or (ii), as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance
with the terms thereof and hereof. Tax Sharing Agreement : any Tax Sharing Agreement between the
Borrower and any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle to be entered into at the election of the Borrower in connection with a restructuring of the Borrower, Topco, Midco, Intermediate GP, any other Parent Entity or any IPO Vehicle, on or prior to such
restructuring that is substantially in the form of Exhibit V , as the same may be amended from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof and hereof. 
 Taxes : any and all present or future income, stamp or other taxes, levies, imposts, duties, charges, fees,
deductions or withholdings, now or hereafter imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by any Governmental Authority. 
 85 

Temporary Cash Investments : any of the following: i any investment in x direct obligations of the United States of America, Canada, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, a member state of the European Union or any country in whose currency funds are being held pending their
application in the making of an investment or capital expenditure by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary in that country or with such funds, or any agency or instrumentality of any thereof, or obligations Guaranteed by the United States of
America, Canada, the United Kingdom, Switzerland or a member state of the European Union or any country in whose currency funds are being held pending their application in the making of an investment or capital expenditure by the Borrower or a
Restricted Subsidiary in that country or with such funds, or any agency or instrumentality of any of the foregoing, or obligations guaranteed by any of the foregoing or y direct obligations of any foreign country recognized by the
United States of America rated at least A by S P or A2 by Moody s (or, in either case, the equivalent of such rating by such organization or, if no rating of S P or Moody s then exists, the equivalent of
such rating by any nationally recognized rating organization), ii overnight bank deposits, and investments in time deposit accounts, certificates of deposit, bankers acceptances and money market deposits (or, with respect to
foreign banks, similar instruments) maturing not more than one year after the date of acquisition thereof issued by x any bank or other institutional lender under this Agreement or any Senior ABL Facility or any affiliate thereof or y a bank or trust company that is organized under the laws of the United States of America, any state thereof or any foreign country recognized by the United States of America having capital and surplus aggregating in excess of
 250,000,000 (or the foreign currency equivalent thereof) and whose long term debt is rated at least A by S P or A2 by Moody s (or, in either case, the equivalent of such rating by such organization or, if no rating
of S P or Moody s then exists, the equivalent of such rating by any nationally recognized rating organization) at the time such Investment is made, iii repurchase obligations for underlying securities or instruments of the
types described in clause (i) or (ii) above entered into with a bank meeting the qualifications described in clause (ii) above, iv Investments in commercial paper, maturing not more than 24 months after the date of
acquisition, issued by a Person (other than that of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries), with a rating at the time as of which any Investment therein is made of P-2 (or higher) according to Moody s or A-2 (or
higher) according to S P (or, in either case, the equivalent of such rating by such organization or, if no rating of S P or Moody s then exists, the equivalent of such rating by any nationally recognized rating organization), v Investments in securities maturing not more than 24 months after the date of acquisition issued or fully guaranteed by any state, commonwealth or territory of the United States of America, or by any political subdivision or taxing
authority thereof, and rated at least BBB- by S P or Baa3 by Moody s (or, in either case, the equivalent of such rating by such organization or, if no rating of S P or Moody s then exists, the equivalent of
such rating by any nationally recognized rating organization), vi Indebtedness or Preferred Stock (other than of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries) having a rating of A or higher by S P or A2 or higher
by Moody s (or, in either case, the equivalent of such rating by such organization or, if no rating of S P or Moody s then exists, the equivalent of such rating by any nationally recognized rating organization), vii investment funds investing at least 90.0 of their assets in securities of the type described in clauses (i) through (vi) above (which funds may also hold cash pending investment and/or distribution), viii any money market deposit accounts issued or offered by a domestic commercial bank or a commercial bank organized and located in a country recognized by the United States of America, in each case, having capital and surplus in
excess of 250,000,000 (or the foreign currency equivalent thereof), or investments in money market funds subject to the risk limiting conditions of Rule 2a-7 (or any successor rule) of the SEC under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended
and ix similar investments approved by the Board of Directors in the ordinary course of business. 
 Term Credit Percentage : as to any Lender at any time, the percentage of the aggregate outstanding Term
Loans (if any) of the Lenders and aggregate unused Term Loan Commitments of the Lenders (if any) then constituted by such Lender s outstanding Term Loans (if any) and such Lender s unused Term Loan Commitments (if any). 
 Term Loan Commitment : as to any Lender, the aggregate of its Initial Term Loan Commitments, Incremental
Term Loan Commitment and Supplemental Term Loan Commitments; collectively as to all Lenders the Term Loan Commitments . 
 Term Loan Declined Amount : as defined in Subsection 4.4(h) . 
 86 

Term Loan Facility Obligations : obligations of the
Borrower and the other Loan Parties from time to time arising under or in respect of the due and punctual payment of i the principal of and premium, if any, and interest (including interest accruing during (or that would accrue but
for) the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding) on the Loans, when and as due, whether at maturity, by acceleration, upon one or more dates set
for prepayment or otherwise and ii all other monetary obligations, including fees, costs, expenses and indemnities, whether primary, secondary, direct, contingent, fixed or otherwise (including monetary obligations incurred during the
pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding), of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 Term Loan Priority Collateral : as defined in the ABL/Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement, whether or not the
same remains in full force and effect. Term Loans : the Initial Term Loans, Incremental Term Loans,
Extended Term Loans and Specified Refinancing Term Loans, as the context shall require. Term SOFR Administrator : the CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or any successor administrator of
the Term SOFR Reference Rate). Term SOFR Rate : 
 (a)
 for any calculation with respect to a Term SOFR Rate Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m. (Chicago time) (such time, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Time for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest
Period on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day that is two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to
 the first day of such Interest Period , as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of the Periodic Term SOFR
Determination Time on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Term SOFR Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate
has not occurred, then Term SOFR Rate will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator as of the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Time on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for
which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such
Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and (b) for any calculation with respect to an ABR Loan on any day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m.
(Chicago time) (such time, the ABR Term SOFR Determination Time for a tenor of one month on the day (such day, the ABR Term SOFR Determination Day that is two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day, as
such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator; provided, however, that if as of the ABR Term SOFR Determination Time on any ABR Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Term SOFR Replacement Date with respect
to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR Rate will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator as of the ABR Term SOFR Determination Time on the first preceding U.S. Government
Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three U.S. Government Securities
Business Days prior to such ABR Term SOFR Determination Day; 
 87 

provided,
 further, that if Term SOFR Rate determined as provided above (including pursuant to the proviso under clause (a) or clause (b) above) shall ever be less than (x) with respect to Original Initial Term Loans, 1.00 
 and (y) with respect to Tranche B Term Loans, 0.00 , then Term SOFR Rate shall be deemed to be
(x) with respect to Original Initial Term Loans, 1.00 and (y) with respect to Tranche B Term Loans, 0.00 ; provided, further, that with respect to any Term SOFR Rate Loans, for any Interest Period, Term SOFR Rate shall include the Term
SOFR Rate Adjustment. If at any time the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that
(i) the circumstances set forth in Subsection 4.7 (a) have arisen and such circumstances are unlikely to be temporary or (ii) the circumstances set forth in Subsection
4.7 (a)
 have not arisen but the
 Term SOFR Administrator
 or a Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Administrative Agent has made a public statement
identifying a specific date after which Term SOFR Rate shall no longer be used
 or be representative
 for determining interest rates for loans in Dollars 
 (such date, Term SOFR Replacement Date ), then the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall endeavor to establish an alternate rate of interest to Term SOFR
 Rate that gives due consideration to the then prevailing market convention for determining a rate of
interest for syndicated loans in the United States at such time, and shall enter into an amendment to this Agreement to reflect such alternate rate of interest and such other related changes to this Agreement , including Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, as may be applicable (including amendments to the Applicable Margin to preserve the terms of the economic transactions
initially agreed to among the Borrowers , on the one hand, and the Lenders on the other hand). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, such amendment shall
become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement. 
 Term
 SOFR Rate Adjustment : with respect to any Term SOFR Rate Loan that is a Tranche B Term Loan, 0.10 per annum. 
 Term
 SOFR Rate Loan : a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the Term SOFR Rate, other than, for the avoidance of doubt, pursuant to clause (c) of the definition of Alternate Base Rate . 
 Term
 SOFR Reference Rate : the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. 
 Term
 SOFR Replacement Date : as defined in the definition of Term SOFR Rate . 
 Topco : Core Main Holdings, LP, a Delaware limited partnership, and any successor in interest
thereto. 
 88 

Topco PIK Notes : 8.625 /9.375 Senior PIK Toggle Notes
due 2024 of Topco issued on September 16, 2019, as the same may be exchanged for substantially similar senior PIK toggle notes that have been registered under the Securities Act, and as the same or such substantially similar notes may be
amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time to time. Total Credit Percentage : as to
any Lender at any time, the percentage which a the sum of i such Lender s Incremental Revolving Commitment (if any) then outstanding (or, if the Incremental Revolving Commitments have terminated or expired, such
Lender s then outstanding Revolving Loans) and ii such Lender s then outstanding Term Loans (if any) and such Lender s unused Term Loan Commitments (if any) then outstanding constitutes of b the sum of i the Incremental Revolving Commitments (if any) of all Lenders then outstanding (or, if the Incremental Revolving Commitments have terminated or expired, such Lender s then outstanding Revolving Loans) and ii the
aggregate outstanding Term Loans (if any) of all Lenders then outstanding and aggregate unused Term Loan Commitments of all Lenders (if any) then outstanding. 
 Trade Payables : with respect to any Person, any accounts payable or any indebtedness or monetary obligation
to trade creditors created, assumed or guaranteed by such Person arising in the ordinary course of business in connection with the acquisition of goods or services. 
 Trading Price : as defined in Subsection 11.6(m)(iv)(A)(3)(z) . 
 Tranche : i with respect to Term Loans or commitments, refers to whether such Term Loans or
commitments are 1 Original Initial Term Loans or Original Initial Term Loan Commitments, 2 Tranche B Term Loans or Tranche B Term Loan Commitments, 3 Incremental Loans or Incremental Term Loan Commitments
with the same terms and conditions made on the same day and any Supplemental Term Loans added to such Tranche pursuant to Subsection 2.8 , 4 Extended Term Loans (of the same Extension Series) or 5 Specified
Refinancing Term Loan Facilities with the same terms and conditions made on the same day and any Supplemental Term Loans added to such Tranche pursuant to Subsection 2.8 (excluding Tranche B Term Loans and Tranche B Term Loan Commitments) and ii with respect to Revolving Loans or commitments, refers to whether such Revolving Loans or commitments are Incremental Revolving Commitments or Incremental Revolving Loans with the same terms and conditions made on the same day
pursuant to Subsection 2.8 . Tranche B Effective Date Transactions : collectively, any or
all of the following (whether taking place prior to, on or following the First Amendment Effective Date): i the entry into the Reorganization Agreement, the Tax Receivables Agreements and the Exchange Agreement and the consummation of
the transactions contemplated thereby, including those transactions described under the caption The Reorganization Transactions in the prospectus, dated July 22, 2021, relating to Pubco s registration statement on Form S-1
(Registration No. 333-256382) in the form filed with the SEC pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act (including the Pubco Merger Sub Mergers and the Pubco Mergers), ii the Pubco IPO, resulting in Pubco issuing certain
Capital Stock of Pubco being listed on a nationally recognized stock exchange in the U.S., iii the entry into the First Amendment and Incurrence of Tranche B Term Loans (including via an exchange of the Original Initial Term Loans for
Tranche B Term Loans) thereunder, iv the entry into Amendment No. 3 to the Senior ABL Facility and any Incurrence of Indebtedness thereunder on the First Amendment Effective Date, v the repayment of the Original
Initial Term Loans held by the Non-Exchanging Term Lenders or exchange by the Exchanging Term Lenders of the Original Initial Term Loans through a cashless rollover pursuant to Subsection 4.4(g), vi the repayment of the Senior Notes,
the Senior Add-on Notes and the Topco PIK Notes, and vii all other transactions relating to any of the foregoing (including payment of fees, premiums and expenses related to any of the foregoing). 
 89 

Tranche B Installment Date : as defined in Subsection
2.2(b)(ii) . Tranche B Term Lender : any Lender having a Tranche B Term Loan Commitment and/or a
Tranche B Term Loan outstanding hereunder. Tranche B Term Loan : as defined in
 Subsection 2.1(b)(i) . Tranche B Term Loan Commitment : as to any Lender, its obligation to
make Tranche B Term Loans to the Borrower pursuant to Subsection 2.1(b) in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any one time outstanding the amount set forth opposite such Lender s name in Schedule A-1 under the heading
 Tranche B Term Loan Commitment or, in the case of any Lender that is an Assignee, the amount of the assigning Lender s Tranche B Term Loan Commitment assigned to such Assignee pursuant to Subsection 11.6(b) (in each case
as such amount may be adjusted from time to time as provided herein); collectively, as to all the Lenders, the Tranche B Term Loan Commitments . The original aggregate amount of the Tranche B Term Loan Commitments on the First
Amendment Effective Date, immediately after giving effect to the First Amendment, is 1,500,000,000. Tranche B
Term Loan Maturity Date : July 27, 2028. Transaction Agreements : collectively, i the Plumb Acquisition Agreement, ii the CD R Indemnification Agreement, iii the CD R Consulting Agreement, iv the Transition Services Agreement, v the Supply Agreement, vi the Reorganization Agreement, vii the Exchange Agreement and viii any agreement primarily providing for indemnification and/or contribution for the benefit of any Permitted Holder in respect of
Liabilities resulting from, arising out of or in connection with, based upon or relating to a any management, consulting or advisory services, or any financing, underwriting or placement services or other investment banking activities
to, for or in respect of any Parent Entity or any of its Subsidiaries, b any offering of securities or other financing activity or arrangement of or by any Parent Entity or any of its Subsidiaries or c any action or
failure to act of or by any Parent Entity or any of its Subsidiaries (or any of their respective predecessors), in each case as the same may be amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms
thereof. 
 90 

Transactions : collectively, any or all of the following
(whether taking place prior to, on or following the Closing Date): i the entry into the Plumb Acquisition Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby, including a the Waterworks Merger, whereby 1 a portion of the proceeds of the transaction financing shall be distributed pro rata to interest holders in Waterworks Opco including the Sellers and Waterworks Blocker and 2 immediately following such distribution,
Passthrough Holdings purchases the Sellers direct interests in Waterworks Opco, b the Blocker Merger and c the subsequent acquisition by the Borrower from Affiliates of the Sellers of certain assets related to the
Waterworks Business, ii the conversion of Blocker Holdings into a Delaware limited liability company following the Blocker Merger, iii the contribution of Blocker Holdings to Blocker Aggregator following the conversion
described in the preceding clause (ii) of this definition, iv the entry into the Senior Notes Documents, and the offer and issuance of the Senior Notes, v the entry into this Agreement and the other Loan Documents
and Incurrence of Indebtedness hereunder, vi the entry into the ABL Facility Documents and any Incurrence of Indebtedness thereunder on the Closing Date, vii the Equity Contribution and viii all other
transactions relating to any of the foregoing (including payment of fees and expenses related to any of the foregoing). 
 Transferee : any Participant or Assignee. 
 Transition Services Agreement : the Transition Services Agreement, to be dated as of the Closing Date, by
and between the Borrower, on behalf of itself and certain of its Affiliates, and HD Supply, Inc., a Delaware corporation (and any successors in interest thereto), on behalf of itself and certain of its subsidiaries, as the same may be amended,
supplemented, waived or otherwise modified from time to time. Treasury Capital Stock : as defined in
 Subsection 8.2(b)(i) . Type : the type of Loan determined based on the interest option applicable
thereto, with there being two Types of Loans hereunder, namely ABR Loans and Eurodollar Term SOFR Rate Loans. 
 UCC : the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York from time to time. 
 UK Financial Institution : any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended
form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which
includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 UK Resolution Authority : the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having
responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. United States Person : any United
States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. 
 91 

Unrestricted Cash : at any date of determination, without
duplication, a the aggregate amount of cash, Cash Equivalents and Temporary Cash Investments included in the cash accounts that would be listed on the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower prepared in accordance with GAAP as of
the end of the most recently ended Fiscal Month of the Borrower (or, any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle whose financial statements satisfy the Borrower s reporting obligations under Subsection 7.1 ending prior to the date of such
determination for which consolidated financial statements of the Borrower (or, any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle whose financial statements satisfy the Borrower s reporting obligations under Subsection 7.1 are available to the
extent such cash is not classified as restricted for financial statement purposes (unless so classified solely because of any provision under the Loan Documents, the ABL Facility Documents or any other agreement or instrument governing
other Indebtedness that is subject to the ABL/Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement, a Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement or any Other Intercreditor Agreement governing the application thereof or because they are subject to a Lien securing the Term
Loan Facility Obligations, Obligations under the ABL Facility Documents or other Indebtedness that is subject to the ABL/Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement, a Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement or any Other Intercreditor Agreement), plus b cash, Cash Equivalents and Temporary Cash Investments from the proceeds of any capital contribution to the Borrower or from the issuance or sale of its Capital Stock or from any Incurrence of Indebtedness since the end of such Fiscal
Month and on or prior to the date of determination (that, in the case of Indebtedness, are in the good faith judgment by the Borrower, which determination shall be conclusive, intended to be used for working capital purposes), plus c cash, Cash Equivalents and Temporary Cash Investments that cash collateralize letters of credit issued on behalf of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, including the proceeds of any Indebtedness being borrowed at the
time of determination. Unrestricted Subsidiary : i any Subsidiary of the Borrower that at
the time of determination is an Unrestricted Subsidiary, as designated by the Board of Directors in the manner provided below, and ii any Subsidiary of an Unrestricted Subsidiary. The Board of Directors may designate any Subsidiary of
the Borrower (including any newly acquired or newly formed Subsidiary of the Borrower) to be an Unrestricted Subsidiary unless such Subsidiary or any of its Subsidiaries owns any Capital Stock or Indebtedness of, or owns or holds any Lien on any
property of, the Borrower or any other Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not a Subsidiary of the Subsidiary to be so designated; provided , that A such designation was made at or prior to the Closing Date, or B the Subsidiary to be so designated has total consolidated assets of 1,000 or less or C if such Subsidiary has consolidated assets greater than 1,000, then such designation would be permitted under Subsection
8.2 and D immediately after such designation, no Event of Default under Subsection 9.1(a) or (f) shall have occurred and be continuing. The Board of Directors may designate any Unrestricted Subsidiary to be a
Restricted Subsidiary; provided , that immediately after giving effect to such designation 1 ( w the Borrower could Incur at least 1.00 of additional Indebtedness under Subsection 8.1(a) or Subsection
8.1(b)(xvii) or x the Consolidated Coverage Ratio would be equal or exceed the Consolidated Coverage Ratio immediately prior to giving effect to such designation or y the Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio would be
equal or be less than the Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio immediately prior to giving effect to such designation or z such Subsidiary shall be a Special Purpose Subsidiary with no Indebtedness outstanding other than Indebtedness that
can be Incurred (and upon such designation shall be deemed to be Incurred and outstanding) pursuant to Subsection 8.1(b) and 2 immediately after such designation, no Event of Default under Subsection 9.1(a) or
 (f) shall have occurred and be continuing. Any such designation by the Board of Directors shall be evidenced to the Administrative Agent by promptly filing with the Administrative Agent a copy of the resolution of the Borrower s
Board of Directors giving effect to such designation and a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying that such designation complied with the foregoing provisions. 
 92 

U.S.
 Government Securities Business Day : any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members
be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 
 U.S. Special Resolution Regime : each of i) the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and the
regulations promulgated thereunder and ii Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate : as defined in Subsection 4.11(b)(ii)(2) . 
 Voting Stock : as to any entity, all classes of Capital Stock of such entity then outstanding and normally
entitled to vote in the election of directors or all interests in such entity with the ability to control the management or actions of such entity. 
 Waterworks Acquisition : the acquisition by Passthrough Holdings and New Blocker on the Closing Date, in
accordance with the Plumb Acquisition Agreement, from the Sellers and Affiliates thereof of the Waterworks Business by means of i the Waterworks Merger, ii the Blocker Merger and iii the subsequent
acquisition by the Borrower from Affiliates of the Sellers of certain assets related to the Waterworks Business. 
 Waterworks Blocker : HD Supply Waterworks Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and any successor in interest
thereto. Waterworks Business : the operations reflected in the financial statements delivered pursuant
to Subsection 6.1(d) , including the distribution of complete lines of water and wastewater transmission products, serving contractors and municipalities in the water and wastewater industries for residential and non-residential uses, in the
following markets: non-residential, residential, water systems and sewage systems, to the extent operated by the Acquired Companies and its Affiliates; provided , that, Waterworks Business does not include any a assets or operations of the USA Blue Book business of Sellers Affiliates or b corporate level services. 
 Waterworks Holdings LLC : CD R Waterworks Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and any
successor in interest thereto. Waterworks Holdings LP : CD R Waterworks Holdings, L.P., a Delaware
limited partnership, and any successor in interest thereto. Waterworks Merger : the merger of
Passthrough Mergersub with and into Waterworks Opco, with Waterworks Opco being the survivor of such merger. 
 Waterworks Opco : HD Supply Waterworks, Ltd., a Florida limited partnership, and any successor in interest
thereto. As of the First Amendment Effective Date, Waterworks Opco is Core Main LP, a Florida limited partnership. 
 Wholly Owned Domestic Subsidiary : as to any Person, any Domestic Subsidiary of such Person of which such
Person owns, directly or indirectly through one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries, all of the Capital Stock of such Domestic Subsidiary other than directors qualifying shares or shares held by nominees. 
 93 

Wholly Owned Subsidiary : as to any Person, any Subsidiary
of such Person of which such Person owns, directly or indirectly through one or more Wholly Owned Subsidiaries, all of the Capital Stock of such Subsidiary other than directors qualifying shares or shares held by nominees. 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers : a with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the
write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and b with respect to the United Kingdom, the powers of the applicable Resolution Authority in each case under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any
contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a
right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 WW Advisor : CD R WW Advisor, LLC, Delaware limited liability company, and any successor in interest
thereto. 1.2 Other Definitional and Interpretive Provisions . 
 (a) Unless otherwise specified therein, all terms defined in this Agreement shall have the defined meanings
when used in any Notes, any other Loan Document or any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto. 
 (b) As used herein and in any Notes and any other Loan Document, and any certificate or other document made or
delivered pursuant hereto or thereto, accounting terms relating to the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries not defined in Subsection 1.1 and accounting terms partly defined in Subsection 1.1 , to the extent not defined, shall
have the respective meanings given to them under GAAP. (c) The words hereof ,
 herein and hereunder and words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement, and Section, Subsection, Schedule and Exhibit
references are to this Agreement unless otherwise specified. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. Any reference herein to any
Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns permitted hereunder. With respect to any Default or Event of Default, the words exists, is continuing or similar expressions with respect thereto
shall mean that such Default or Event of Default has occurred and has not yet been cured or waived. If any Default or Event of Default has occurred hereunder (any such Default or Event of Default, an Initial Default and is
subsequently cured (a Cured Default ), any other Default, Event of Default or failure of a condition precedent that resulted or may have resulted from i the making or deemed making of any representation or warranty by
any Loan Party or ii any act or omission by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any Loan Party, in each case which subsequent Default, Event of Default or failure would not have arisen had the Cured Default not been continuing at the
time of such representation, warranty, action or omission, shall be deemed to automatically be cured or satisfied, as applicable, upon, and simultaneously with, the cure of the Cured Default, so long as at the time of such representation, warranty,
action or omission, no Responsible Officer of the Borrower had knowledge of any such Initial Default. To the extent not already so notified, the Borrower will provide prompt written notice of any such automatic cure to the Administrative Agent after
a Responsible Officer of the Borrower knows of the occurrence of any such automatic cure. Any time period in this Agreement to cure any actual or alleged Default or Event of Default may be extended or stayed by a court of competent jurisdiction to
the extent such actual or alleged Default or Event of Default is the subject of litigation. 
 94 

(d) For purposes of determining any financial ratio or
making any financial calculation for any fiscal quarter (or portion thereof) ending prior to the Closing Date, the components of such financial ratio or financial calculation shall be determined on a pro forma basis to give effect to the
Transactions as if they had occurred at the beginning of such four-quarter period; and each Person that is a Restricted Subsidiary upon giving effect to the Transactions shall be deemed to be a Restricted Subsidiary for purposes of the components of
such financial ratio or financial calculation as of the beginning of such four-quarter period. (e) For
purposes of this Agreement for periods ending on or prior to the Closing Date, references to the consolidated financial statements of the Borrower (or any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle) shall be to the combined financial statements of the Waterworks
Business, with pro forma effect being given to the Transactions (with Subsidiaries of the Waterworks Business that are Subsidiaries of the Borrower after giving effect to the Transactions being deemed Subsidiaries of the Borrower), as the context
may require, provided that nothing in this clause (e) shall require the delivery of combined or consolidated financial statements or other similar materials for or with respect to the Waterworks Business, except as otherwise specifically
required by this Agreement. (f) Any financial ratios required to be maintained pursuant to this Agreement
(or required to be satisfied in order for a specific action to be permitted under this Agreement) shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by
which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (rounding up if there is no nearest number). 
 (g) Any references in this Agreement to cash and/or Cash Equivalents , cash, Cash Equivalents
and/or Temporary Cash Investments or any similar combination of the foregoing shall be construed as not double counting cash or any other applicable amount which would otherwise be duplicated therein. 
 (h) The meanings given to terms defined herein shall be equally applicable to both the singular and plural
forms of such terms. 
 95 

(i) In connection with any action being taken in connection
with a Limited Condition Transaction, for purposes of determining compliance with any provision of this Agreement which requires that no Default, Event of Default or specified Default or Event of Default, as applicable, has occurred, is continuing
or would result from any such action, as applicable, such condition shall, at the option of the Borrower, be deemed satisfied, so long as no Default, Event of Default or specified Default or Event of Default, as applicable, exists on the date x a definitive agreement for such Limited Condition Transaction is entered into, y in connection with an acquisition to which the United Kingdom City Code on Takeovers and Mergers (or any equivalent thereof under the
laws, rules or regulations in any other applicable jurisdiction) applies, on which a Rule 2.7 announcement of a firm intention to make an offer in respect of a target of a Limited Condition Transaction is made (or the equivalent notice
under such equivalent laws, rules or regulations in such other applicable jurisdiction) or z notice of redemption, repurchase, defeasance, satisfaction and discharge or repayment of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock
is given. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Borrower has exercised its option under the first sentence of this clause (i), and any Default, Event of Default or specified Default or Event of Default, as applicable, occurs following the date x a definitive agreement for the applicable Limited Condition Transaction was entered into, y in connection with an acquisition to which the United Kingdom City Code on Takeovers and Mergers (or any equivalent thereof
under the laws, rules or regulations in any other applicable jurisdiction) applies, on which a Rule 2.7 announcement of a firm intention to make an offer in respect of a target of a Limited Condition Transaction is made (or the
equivalent notice under such equivalent laws, rules or regulations in such other applicable jurisdiction) or z notice of redemption, repurchase, defeasance, satisfaction and discharge or repayment of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or
Preferred Stock is given and prior to the consummation of such Limited Condition Transaction, any such Default, Event of Default or specified Default or Event of Default, as applicable, shall be deemed to not have occurred or be continuing for
purposes of determining whether any action being taken in connection with such Limited Condition Transaction is permitted hereunder. 
 (j) In connection with any action being taken in connection with a Limited Condition Transaction, for purposes
of: (i) determining compliance with any provision of this Agreement which requires the calculation of the
Consolidated Coverage Ratio, the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio or the Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio or any other financial measure; 
 (ii) testing baskets set forth in this Agreement (including baskets measured as a percentage of Consolidated
Tangible Assets or Four Quarter Consolidated EBITDA); or (iii) any other determination as to whether any
such Limited Condition Transaction and any related transactions (including any financing thereof) complies with the covenants or agreements contained in this Agreement; 
 96 

in each case, at the option of the Borrower (the
Borrower s election to exercise such option in connection with any Limited Condition Transaction, an LCT Election ), the date of determination of whether any such action is permitted hereunder, shall be deemed to be the date x a definitive agreement for such Limited Condition Transaction is entered into, y in connection with an acquisition to which the United Kingdom City Code on Takeovers and Mergers (or any equivalent thereof under the
laws, rules or regulations in any other applicable jurisdiction) applies, on which a Rule 2.7 announcement of a firm intention to make an offer in respect of a target of a Limited Condition Transaction is made (or the equivalent notice
under such equivalent laws, rules or regulations in such other applicable jurisdiction) or z notice of redemption, repurchase, defeasance, satisfaction and discharge or repayment of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock
is given, as applicable (the LCT Test Date ), and if, after giving pro forma effect to the Limited Condition Transaction and the other transactions to be entered into in connection therewith (including any Incurrence or Discharge
of Indebtedness and Liens and the use of proceeds thereof) as if they had occurred at the beginning of the most recent four consecutive Fiscal Quarters of the Borrower ending prior to the LCT Test Date for which consolidated financial statements of
the Borrower (or, any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle whose financial statements satisfy the Borrower s reporting obligations under Subsection 7.1 are available, the Borrower could have taken such action on the relevant LCT Test Date
in compliance with such ratio, basket or amount, such ratio, basket or amount shall be deemed to have been complied with; provided , that a if financial statements for one or more subsequent Fiscal Quarters or Fiscal Years shall
have been delivered pursuant to Subsection 7.1(a) or 7.1(b), the Borrower may elect, in its sole discretion, to re-determine all such ratios, baskets or amounts on the basis of such financial statements, in which case, such date of redetermination
shall thereafter be deemed to be the applicable LCT Test Date for purposes of such ratios, baskets or amounts and b except as contemplated in the foregoing clause (a), compliance with such ratios, baskets or amounts (and any related
requirements and conditions) shall not be determined or tested at any time after the applicable LCT Test Date for such Limited Condition Transaction and any actions or transactions related thereto (including any Incurrence or Discharge of
Indebtedness and Liens and the use of proceeds thereof). For purposes of determining compliance with any ratio, basket or amount on the applicable LCT Test Date, Consolidated Interest Expense for purposes of the Consolidated Coverage Ratio will be
calculated using an assumed interest rate based on the indicative interest margin contained in any financing commitment documentation with respect to such Indebtedness or, if no such indicative interest margin exists, as determined by the Borrower
in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive. For the avoidance of doubt, if the Borrower has made an LCT Election and any of the ratios, baskets or amounts for which compliance was determined or tested as of the LCT Test Date are exceeded
as a result of fluctuations in any such ratio, basket or amount, including due to fluctuations in exchange rates or in Consolidated EBITDA or Consolidated Tangible Assets of the Borrower or the Person subject to such Limited Condition Transaction or
any applicable currency exchange rate, at or prior to the consummation of the relevant transaction or action, such ratios, baskets or amounts will not be deemed to have been exceeded as a result of such fluctuations. If the Borrower has made an LCT
Election for any Limited Condition Transaction, then in connection with any subsequent calculation of any ratio, basket or amount with respect to the Incurrence or Discharge of Indebtedness or Liens, or the making of Restricted Payments, Asset
Dispositions, mergers, the conveyance, lease or other transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Borrower or the designation of an Unrestricted Subsidiary on or following the relevant LCT Test Date and prior to the earlier of the date
on which 1 such Limited Condition Transaction is consummated, 2 the definitive agreement for, or firm offer in respect of, such Limited Condition Transaction (if an acquisition or investment) is terminated or expires
without consummation of such Limited Condition Transaction or 3 such notice of redemption, repurchase, defeasance, satisfaction and discharge or repayment of Indebtedness, Disqualified Stock or Preferred Stock is revoked or expires
without consummation, any such ratio, basket or amount shall be calculated on a pro forma basis assuming such Limited Condition Transaction and other transactions in connection therewith (including any Incurrence or Discharge of Indebtedness and
Liens and the use of proceeds thereof) have been consummated. 
 97 

(k) Any reference herein or in any other Loan Document to i a transfer, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, shall be deemed to apply to a division of or by a limited liability company or a limited partnership, as applicable, or an allocation of assets to a series of a
limited liability company (collectively, a Division ), as if it were a transfer, assignment, sale or transfer, or similar term, as applicable, to a separate Person, and ii a merger, consolidation, amalgamation or
consolidation, or similar term, shall be deemed to apply to the division of or by a limited liability company, or an allocation of assets to a series of a limited liability company, or the unwinding of such a division or allocation, as if it were a
merger, consolidation, amalgamation or consolidation or similar term, as applicable, with a separate Person. 
 SECTION 2 
 Amount and Terms of Commitments 
 2.1 Initial Term Loans . (a) Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, each Lender holding an Original Initial
Term Loan Commitment severally agrees to make, in Dollars, in a single draw on the Closing Date, one or more term loans (each, an Original Initial Term Loan to the Borrower in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the
amount set forth opposite such Lender s name in Schedule A under the heading Original Initial Term Loan Commitment , as such amount may be adjusted or reduced pursuant to the terms hereof, which Original Initial Term Loans:
 (i) except as hereinafter provided, shall, at the option of the Borrower, be incurred and maintained as,
and/or converted into, ABR Loans or
 Eurodollar Term SOFR
Rate Loans; and (ii) shall be made by each
such Lender in an aggregate principal amount which does not exceed the Original Initial Term Loan Commitment of such Lender. 
 Without limitation of Subsections 2.8 and 8.1(b)(i) , once repaid, Original Initial Term Loans incurred hereunder
may not be reborrowed. On the Closing Date (after giving effect to the incurrence of Original Initial Term Loans on such date), the Original Initial Term Loan Commitments of each Lender shall terminate. 
 98 

(b) 
 (i) Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, each Lender listed on Schedule A-1 under the heading
 Tranche B Term Loan Commitment attached hereto (the New Tranche B Term Lenders severally agrees to make, in Dollars, in a single draw on the First Amendment Effective Date, one or more term loans (each, a New
Tranche B Term Loan and, collectively with the term loans representing the Original Initial Term Loans exchanged by the Existing Term Lenders by exercising a cashless rollover pursuant to Subsection 4.4(g), the Tranche B Term
Loans to the Borrower in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the amount set forth opposite such Lender s name in Schedule A-1 under the heading Tranche B Term Loan Commitment , as such amount may be adjusted
or reduced pursuant to the terms hereof; provided that Exchanging Term Lenders shall make their respective Tranche B Term Loans by exchanging their Original Initial Term Loans for Tranche B Term Loans constituting Rollover Indebtedness in lieu of
their pro rata portion of the prepayment of Original Initial Term Loans pursuant to Subsection 4.4(g). 
 (ii) Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, on the First Amendment Effective Date, upon execution of the
First Amendment by an Existing Term Lender and the indication on such Lender s signature page that such Existing Term Lender elects to exchange, through a cashless rollover pursuant to Subsection 4.4(g) , all of such Lender s
Original Initial Term Loans for Tranche B Term Loans (each such Existing Term Lender, an Exchanging Term Lender , and each Existing Term Lender other than an Exchanging Lender, a Non-Exchanging Term Lender ), the
amount of Original Initial Term Loans held by such Exchanging Term Lender (or such lesser amount allocated to such Lender by the Administrative Agent) shall be exchanged for Tranche B Term Loans. For the avoidance of doubt, such Tranche B Term Loans
held by an Exchanging Term Lender shall constitute Rollover Indebtedness for all purposes under this Agreement. 
 (iii) The Tranche B Term Loans, except as hereinafter provided, shall, at the option of the Borrower, be
incurred and maintained as, and/or converted into, ABR Loans or
 Eurodollar Term SOFR
Rate Loans. Without limitation of Subsections 2.8 and
 8.1(b)(i) , once repaid, Tranche B Term Loans incurred hereunder may not be reborrowed. On the First Amendment Effective Date (after giving effect to the incurrence of Tranche B Term Loans on such date), the Tranche B Term Loan Commitments of
each Tranche B Term Lender shall terminate. 
 To
 the extent any Tranche B Term Loan bearing interest at the Adjusted LIBOR Rate (as such term was defined in this Agreement prior to the Second Amendment Effective Date) is outstanding on the Second Amendment Effective Date, such Tranche B Term Loan
shall continue to bear interest at the Adjusted LIBOR Rate until the end of the current Interest Period or payment period applicable to such Loan; provided that,
 with respect to the Tranche B Term Loans outstanding with an Interest Period ending on February 27, 2023, the Borrower shall be deemed to have provided notice to
the Administrative Agent, in accordance with Subsection 4.2, for such Tranche B Term Loans to be converted to Term SOFR Rate Loans with an Interest Period of one-month. 
 99 

2.2 Notes . (a) The Borrower agrees that, upon the request to the
Administrative Agent by any Lender made on or prior to the Closing Date (in the case of requests relating to Loans other than the Tranche B Term Loans) or the First Amendment Effective Date (in the case of requests relating to the Tranche B Term
Loans) or in connection with any assignment pursuant to Subsection 11.6(b) , in order to evidence such Lender s Loan, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender a promissory note substantially in the form of Exhibit A 
(each, as amended, supplemented, replaced or otherwise modified from time to time, a Note , and, collectively, the Notes ), in each case with appropriate insertions therein as to payee, date and principal amount,
payable to such Lender and in a principal amount equal to the unpaid principal amount of the applicable Loans made (or acquired by assignment pursuant to Subsection 11.6(b) by such Lender to the Borrower. Each Note shall be dated the Closing
Date; provided , that each Note in respect of a Tranche B Term Loan shall be dated the First Amendment Effective Date. Each Note shall be payable as provided in Subsection 2.2(b) and provide for the payment of interest in accordance
with Subsection 4.1 . (b) (i) The Original Initial Term Loans of all the Lenders shall be payable in consecutive
quarterly installments beginning on January 26, 2018 up to and including the Original Initial Term Loan Maturity Date (subject to reduction as provided in Subsection 4.4 ), on the dates (each such date, an Installment
Date and in the principal amounts, subject to adjustment as set forth below, equal to the respective amounts set forth below (together with all accrued interest thereon) opposite the applicable Installment Dates (or, if less, the
aggregate amount of such Original Initial Term Loans then outstanding): 

Date 
 
 Amount 

The last Business Day of each Fiscal Quarter ending prior to the First Lender Joinder Agreement Effective Date 
 
 0.25 of the aggregate initial principal amount of the Original Initial Term Loans on the Closing Date 

The last Business Day of each Fiscal Quarter ending on or after the First Lender Joinder Agreement Effective Date and prior
to the Initial Term Loan Maturity Date 
 
 3,258,565.99 

Initial Term Loan Maturity Date 
 
 All unpaid aggregate principal amounts of any outstanding Initial Term Loans 
 
 100 

(ii) The Tranche B Term Loans of all the Lenders shall be
payable in consecutive quarterly installments beginning on October 29, 2021 up to and including the Tranche B Term Loan Maturity Date (subject to reduction as provided in Subsection 4.4 ), on the dates (each such date, a Tranche
B Installment Date and in the principal amounts, subject to adjustment as set forth below, equal to the respective amounts set forth below (together with all accrued interest thereon) opposite the applicable Tranche B Installment Dates
(or, if less, the aggregate amount of such Tranche B Term Loans then outstanding): 

Date 
 
 Amount 

The last Business Day of each Fiscal Quarter ending prior to the Tranche B Term Loan Maturity Date 
 
 0.25 of the aggregate initial principal amount of the Tranche B Term Loans on the First Amendment Effective
Date 

Tranche B Term Loan Maturity Date 
 
 All unpaid aggregate principal amounts of any outstanding Tranche B Term Loans 
 2.3 Procedure for Initial Term Loan Borrowing . The Borrower shall have given the
Administrative Agent notice (which notice must have been received by the Administrative Agent prior to 12:00 P.M., New York City time (or such later time as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion), and shall be
revocable at any time prior to funding) one Business Day prior to the Closing Date or the First Amendment Effective Date, as applicable, specifying the amount of the Initial Term Loans to be borrowed by the Borrower. Upon receipt of such notice, the
Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each applicable Lender thereof. Each Lender having an Initial Term Loan Commitment will make the amount of its pro rata share of the applicable Initial Term Loan Commitments available to the Administrative
Agent, in each case for the account of the Borrower at the office of the Administrative Agent specified in Subsection 11.2 prior to 10:00 A.M., New York City time (or, if the time period for the Borrower s delivery of notice was
extended, such later time as agreed to by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion, but in no event less than one hour following notice), on the Closing Date or the First Amendment Effective Date, as applicable, in
funds immediately available to the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall on such date credit the account of the Borrower on the books of the Administrative Agent with the aggregate of the amounts made available to the Administrative
Agent by the Lenders and in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent. 2.4 [Reserved] . 
 2.5 Repayment of Loans . (a) The Borrower hereby, unconditionally promises to pay to the Administrative Agent in
the currency in which the applicable Loans are denominated for the account of each Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Initial Term Loan of such Lender made to the Borrower, on the Initial Term Loan Maturity Date (or such earlier date on
which the Initial Term Loans become due and payable pursuant to Section 9 ). The Borrower hereby, further agrees to pay interest (which payments shall be payable in the same currency in which the respective Loan is denominated) on the
unpaid principal amount of such Loans from time to time outstanding from the Closing Date until payment in full thereof at the rates per annum, and on the dates, set forth in Subsection 4.1 . 
 101 

(b) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an
account or accounts evidencing indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan of such Lender from time to time, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time under this
Agreement. (c) The Administrative Agent shall maintain the Register pursuant to Subsection 11.6(b) , and a
subaccount therein for each Lender, in which shall be recorded i the amount of each Loan made hereunder, whether such Loan is a Term Loan, the Type thereof, the Tranche thereof and each Interest Period, if any, applicable thereto, ii the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each applicable Lender hereunder and iii the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder
from the Borrower and each applicable Lender s share thereof. (d) The entries made in the Register and the accounts
of each Lender maintained pursuant to Subsection 2.5(c) shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations of the Borrower therein recorded; provided ,
 however , that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain the Register or any such account, or any error therein, shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay (with applicable interest) the
Loans made to the Borrower by such Lender in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 2.6 [Reserved] . 
 2.7 [Reserved] . 
 2.8 Incremental Facilities . (a) So long as no Event of Default under Subsection 9.1(a or
 (f) exists or would arise therefrom, the Borrower shall have the right (on behalf of itself, or in the case of Incremental Loans the proceeds of which will be subject to an escrow or other similar arrangement, an Escrow Subsidiary (any
such Escrow Subsidiary, an Escrow Borrower )), at any time and from time to time after the Closing Date, i to request new term loan commitments under one or more new term loan credit facilities to be included in this
Agreement (the Incremental Term Loan Commitments ), ii to increase the Existing Term Loans by requesting new term loan commitments to be added to an Existing Tranche of Term Loans (the Supplemental Term Loan
Commitments ), iii to request new commitments under one or more new revolving facilities to be included in this Agreement (the Incremental Revolving Commitments ), and iv to request new letter
of credit facility commitments under one or more new letter of credit facilities to be included in this Agreement (the Incremental Letter of Credit Commitments and, together with the Incremental Term Loan Commitments, Supplemental
Term Loan Commitments and the Incremental Revolving Commitments, the Incremental Commitments ), provided that, i the aggregate amount of Incremental Commitments permitted pursuant to this Subsection 2.8 
shall not exceed, at the time the respective Incremental Commitment becomes effective (and after giving effect to the Incurrence of Indebtedness in connection therewith and the application of proceeds of any such Indebtedness, including to refinance
other Indebtedness), an amount that could then be Incurred under this Agreement in compliance with Subsection 8.1(b)(i) and ii if any portion of an Incremental Commitment is to be incurred in reliance on clause (ii) of
the definition of Maximum Incremental Facilities Amount , the Chief Financial Officer or a Responsible Officer of the Borrower shall have delivered a certificate to the Administrative Agent, certifying compliance with the financial test
set forth in such clause (together with calculations demonstrating compliance with such test). Any loans made in respect of any such Incremental Commitment (other than Supplemental Term Loan Commitments) shall be made by creating a new Tranche. Each
Incremental Commitment made available pursuant to this Subsection 2.8 shall be in a minimum aggregate amount of at least 10,000,000 and in integral multiples of 5,000,000 in excess thereof (or such lower minimum amounts or multiples as
agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion); provided that such amount may be less than 10,000,000 if such amount represents the then remaining aggregate principal amount available to be Incurred in compliance with
 Subsection 8.1(b)(i) . 
 102 

(b) Each request from the Borrower pursuant to this Subsection 2.8 
shall set forth the requested amount and proposed terms of the relevant Incremental Commitments. The Incremental Commitments (or any portion thereof) may be made by any existing Lender or by any other bank or other financial institution (any such
other bank or other financial institution, an Additional Incremental Lender , and the Additional Incremental Lenders together with any existing Lender providing Incremental Commitments, the Incremental Lenders 
 provided that if such Additional Incremental Lender is not already a Lender hereunder or an Affiliate of a Lender hereunder or an Approved Fund, the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld,
conditioned or delayed) shall be required (it being understood that any such Additional Incremental Lender that is an Affiliated Lender shall be subject to the provisions of Subsection 11.6(h) , mutatis mutandis , to the same extent as
if such Incremental Commitments and related Obligations had been obtained by such Lender by way of assignment). The Borrower may agree, in its sole discretion, to accept a lesser amount of any Incremental Commitment than originally requested. In the
event there are Lenders and Additional Incremental Lenders that have committed to an Incremental Commitment in excess of the maximum amount requested (or permitted), then the Borrower shall have the right to allocate such commitments on whatever
basis the Borrower determines is appropriate. (c) Supplemental Term Loan Commitments shall become commitments under this
Agreement pursuant to a supplement specifying the Tranche of Term Loans to be increased, executed by the Borrower and each increasing Lender substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit I-1 or in such other form as may be appropriate
in the opinion of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (the Increase Supplement or by each Additional Incremental Lender substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit I-2 or in such other form as may be
appropriate in the opinion of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (the Lender Joinder Agreement ), as the case may be, which shall be delivered to the Administrative Agent for recording in the Register. Upon effectiveness of
the Lender Joinder Agreement each Additional Incremental Lender shall be a Lender for all intents and purposes of this Agreement and the term loan made pursuant to such Supplemental Term Loan Commitment shall be a Term Loan. Each Increase Supplement
and/or Lender Joinder Agreement may, without the consent of any other Lender, effect such amendments to any Loan Documents (including amendments to Subsection 2.2(b) to increase the amortization payments or interest rate margins thereunder or
add customary call protection provisions with respect thereto to allow for the applicable Incremental Loans to be fungible with an existing Tranche of Term Loans hereunder) as may be necessary or appropriate, in the opinion of the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent, to effect the provisions of this Subsection 2.8(c) . 
 103 

(d) Incremental Commitments (other than Supplemental Term Loan Commitments)
shall become commitments under this Agreement pursuant to an amendment (an Incremental Commitment Amendment to this Agreement and, as appropriate, the other Loan Documents, executed by the Borrower, an Escrow Borrower (if
applicable) and each applicable Incremental Lender. An Incremental Commitment Amendment may, without the consent of any other Lender, effect such amendments to any Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the opinion of the Borrower and
the Administrative Agent, to effect the provisions of this Subsection 2.8 ; provided , however , that i ( A the Incremental Commitments will not be guaranteed by any Subsidiary of the Borrower other than
the Subsidiary Guarantors (it being understood that the primary obligation of an Escrow Borrower shall not constitute a guarantee by a Subsidiary that is not a Subsidiary Guarantor), and (other than with respect to proceeds of such Incremental
Commitments which are subject to an escrow or other similar arrangement and any related deposit of cash, Cash Equivalents and/or Temporary Cash Investments to cover interest and premium in respect of such Incremental Commitments) will be secured on
a pari passu or (at the Borrower s option) junior basis by the same Collateral securing the Term Loan Facility Obligations (so long as any such Incremental Commitments (and related Obligations) are subject to the ABL/Term Loan
Intercreditor Agreement, a Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement or an Other Intercreditor Agreement, as applicable, or (at the Borrower s option) will be unsecured), B the Incremental Commitments and any incremental loans drawn
thereunder (the Incremental Loans shall rank pari passu in right of payment with or (at the Borrower s option) junior to the Term Loan Facility Obligations and C no Incremental Commitment Amendment may
provide for I any Incremental Commitment or any Incremental Loans to be secured by any Lien on any asset (other than proceeds of Incremental Loans which are subject to an escrow or similar arrangement and any related deposit of cash,
Cash Equivalents and/or Temporary Cash Investments to cover interest and premium in respect of such Incremental Loans) of any Loan Party that does not also secure the Term Loan Facility Obligations and II so long as any Initial Term
Loans are outstanding, any mandatory prepayment from the Net Available Cash of Asset Dispositions (other than any Asset Disposition in respect of any assets, business or Person the acquisition of which was financed, all or in part, with Incremental
Loans provided pursuant to such Incremental Commitment Amendment and the disposition of which was contemplated by any definitive agreement in respect of such acquisition) or Recovery Event or from Excess Cash Flow, to the extent the Net Available
Cash of such Asset Disposition or Recovery Event or such Excess Cash Flow are required to be applied to repay the Initial Term Loans pursuant to Subsection 4.4(e) , on more than a ratable basis with the Initial Term Loans (after giving effect
to any amendment in accordance with Subsection 11.1(d)(vi) ); ii no Lender will be required to provide any such Incremental Commitment unless it so agrees; iii [reserved]; iv the maturity date and the
weighted average life to maturity of any Incremental Term Loan Commitments shall be no earlier than or shorter than, as the case may be, the Initial Term Loan Maturity Date or the remaining weighted average life to maturity of the Initial Term
Loans, as applicable (other than an earlier maturity date and/or shorter weighted average life to maturity 1 for customary bridge financings, which, subject to customary conditions (as determined by the Borrower in good faith, which
determination shall be conclusive), would either be automatically converted into or required to be exchanged for permanent financing which does not provide for an earlier maturity date or a shorter weighted average life to maturity than the Initial
Term Loan Maturity Date or the remaining weighted average life to maturity of the Initial Term Loans, as applicable, 2 pursuant to an escrow or similar arrangement with respect to the proceeds of such Incremental Term Loans or 3 of Indebtedness under any Incremental Term Loan Commitments in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding (together with the aggregate principal amount of any Additional Obligations, any Refinancing Indebtedness and
Indebtedness under any Specified Refinancing Term Loan Facility and any applicable Extended Tranche, in each case outstanding under the Earlier Maturity Date Basket) not in excess of the Earlier Maturity Date Basket); v the interest
rate margins and (subject to clause (iv) above) amortization schedule applicable to the loans made pursuant to the Incremental Commitments shall be determined by the Borrower and the applicable Incremental Lenders; provided that in the
event that the applicable interest rate margins for any syndicated floating rate Incremental Term Loans denominated in Dollars, the principal amount of which exceeds the MFN Threshold Amount, that are secured on a pari passu basis by the
Collateral securing the First Lien Obligations, with a Stated Maturity that is earlier than 12 months following the Tranche B Term Loan Maturity Date, Incurred by the Borrower pursuant to the Ratio Incremental Facility, made on or prior to the
12-month anniversary of the First Amendment Effective Date and not Incurred to finance or refinance, or otherwise in connection with, any acquisition of assets (including Capital Stock), business or Person, or any merger or consolidation of any
Person with or into the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, or any other Investment, are higher than the applicable interest rate margin for the Tranche B Term Loans by more than 75 basis points, then the effective interest rate margin for the
applicable Tranche B Term Loans at the time such Incremental Commitments become effective (the Existing Interest Rate shall be increased to the extent necessary so that the Existing Interest Rate is equal to the applicable
interest rate margins for such Incremental Term Loan Commitment minus 75 basis points (the Adjusted Interest Rate , and the number of basis points by which the Existing Interest Rate is increased, the Increased Amount 
provided, further that, in determining the applicable interest rate margins for the applicable Tranche B Term Loans and the Incremental Term Loans, (A) original issue discount OID or upfront fees payable generally to all
participating Lenders in lieu of OID (which shall be deemed to constitute like amounts of OID) payable by the Borrower to the Lenders under such Tranche B Term Loans or any Incremental Term Loan, as applicable, in the initial primary syndication
thereof shall be included (with OID and upfront fees being equated to interest rate based on an assumed four-year life to maturity) (provided that, if such Tranche B Term Loans are issued in a manner such that all such Tranche B Term Loans were not
issued with a uniform amount of OID or upfront fees within the applicable Tranche of Tranche B Term Loans, the amount of OID and upfront fees attributable to the entire Tranche of Tranche B Term Loans shall be determined on a weighted average
basis); (B) any arrangement or structuring fees payable in connection with the Incremental Term Loans or any other fees payable in connection with the Incremental Term Loans (other than, in the case of syndicated Incremental Term Loans, and
only if such fees are shared with all Additional Incremental Lenders providing such syndicated Incremental Term Loans) shall, in each case, be excluded; (C) any amendments to the Applicable Margin or effective interest rate margin on the
applicable Tranche B Term Loans that became effective subsequent to the First Amendment Effective Date but prior to the effective time of such Incremental Term Loans shall also be included in such calculations, (D) if the Incremental Term Loans
include an interest rate floor greater than the interest rate floor applicable to the applicable Tranche B Term Loans, such increased amount shall be equated to the applicable interest rate margin for purposes of determining whether an increase to
the Applicable Margin for such Tranche B Term Loans shall be required, to the extent an increase in the interest rate floor for such Tranche B Term Loans would cause an increase in the interest rate then in effect thereunder, and in such case the
interest rate floor (but not the Applicable Margin) applicable to such Tranche B Term Loans shall be increased by such amount to the extent necessary 
 104 

to adjust the applicable Existing Interest Rate to be equal to the applicable Adjusted Interest Rate, (E) if the Incremental Term Loans include an interest rate floor lower than the interest
rate floor applicable to the applicable Tranche of Tranche B Term Loans or do not include any interest rate floor, to the extent a reduction in the interest rate floor for such Tranche B Term Loans would cause a reduction in the interest rate then
in effect thereunder, an amount equal to the difference between the interest rate floor applicable to the Tranche B Term Loans and the interest rate floor applicable to such Incremental Term Loans (which shall be deemed to equal 0 for any
Incremental Term Loans without any interest rate floor), but which in any event shall not exceed the maximum amount by which a reduction in the interest rate floor applicable to the Tranche B Term Loans would cause a reduction in the interest rate
then in effect thereunder, shall reduce the applicable interest rate margin of the applicable Incremental Term Loans for purposes of determining whether an increase in the Existing Interest Rate shall be required and (F) if the applicable
Tranche of Tranche B Term Loans includes a pricing grid the interest rate margins in such pricing grid which are not in effect at the time the applicable Incremental Commitments become effective shall also each be increased by an amount equal to the
Increased Amount; (vi) such Incremental Commitment Amendment may provide (1) for the inclusion, as appropriate, of Additional Incremental Lenders in any required vote or action of the Required Lenders or of the Lenders of each Tranche
hereunder, (2) class voting and other class protections for any additional credit facilities, (3) for the amendment of the definitions of Additional Obligations , Disqualified Stock , Junior Capital and
 Refinancing Indebtedness and Subsection 8.8(b), in each case only to extend the maturity date and the weighted average life to maturity requirements, from the Initial Term Loan Maturity Date and remaining weighted average life to
maturity of the Initial Term Loans to the extended maturity date and the remaining weighted average life to maturity of such Incremental Term Loans, as applicable, 4 in the case of an Incremental Revolving Commitment or an Incremental
Letter of Credit Commitment, provide for amendments and modifications necessary or desirable to account for the Incremental Revolving Commitments and Incremental Letter of Credit Commitments to be included in this Agreement, in each case on terms
agreed by the Borrower and the Lenders providing such Commitments (including any swingline lender or issuing lender) and with the consent of the Administrative Agent (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) and 5 for
the amendment of clause (iii) of the definition of Additional Obligations to provide for the applicable mandatory prepayment protections to apply to such Incremental Term Loans; and vii the other terms and
documentation in respect thereof, to the extent not consistent with this Agreement as in effect prior to giving effect to the Incremental Commitment Amendment, shall otherwise be reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower; provided that to the
extent such terms and documentation are not consistent with, in the case of Incremental Term Loans, the terms and documentation governing the Initial Term Loans (except to the extent permitted by clauses (iv), (v) or (vi) above), they
shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 2.9 Permitted Debt Exchanges .
(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, pursuant to one or more offers (each, a Permitted Debt Exchange Offer made from time to time by the Borrower to all Lenders (other than any Lender
that, if requested by the Borrower, is unable to certify that it is either a qualified institutional buyer (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) or an institutional accredited investor (as defined in Rule 501
under the Securities Act)) with outstanding Term Loans of a particular Tranche, as selected by the Borrower, the Borrower may from time to time following the Closing Date consummate one or more exchanges of Term Loans of such Tranche for Additional
Obligations in the form of notes (such notes, Permitted Debt Exchange Notes , and each such exchange a Permitted Debt Exchange ), so long as the following conditions are satisfied: i the aggregate
principal amount (calculated on the face amount thereof) of Term Loans exchanged shall be equal to or more than the aggregate principal amount (calculated on the face amount thereof) of Permitted Debt Exchange Notes issued in exchange for such Term
Loans, plus the aggregate amount of fees, underwriting discounts, premiums and other costs and expenses (including accrued and unpaid interest) incurred or payable in connection with such exchange, ii the aggregate principal
amount (calculated on the face amount thereof) of all Term Loans exchanged by the Borrower pursuant to any Permitted Debt Exchange shall automatically be cancelled and retired by the Borrower on the date of the settlement thereof (and, if requested
by the Administrative Agent, any applicable exchanging Lender shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Acceptance, or such other form as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent, in respect thereof
pursuant to which the respective Lender assigns its interest in the Term Loans being exchanged pursuant to the Permitted Debt Exchange to the Borrower for immediate cancellation), iii if the aggregate principal amount of all Term Loans
(calculated on the face amount thereof) tendered by Lenders in respect of the relevant Permitted Debt Exchange Offer (with no Lender being permitted to tender a principal amount of Term Loans which exceeds the principal amount of the applicable
Tranche actually held by it) shall exceed the maximum aggregate principal amount of Term Loans offered to be exchanged by the Borrower pursuant to such Permitted Debt Exchange Offer, then the Borrower shall exchange Term Loans subject to such
Permitted Debt Exchange Offer tendered by such Lenders ratably up to such maximum amount based on the respective principal amounts so tendered, iv each such Permitted Debt Exchange Offer shall be made on a pro rata basis to the Lenders
(other than any Lender that, if requested by the Borrower, is unable to certify that it is either a qualified institutional buyer (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act) or an institutional accredited investor (as
defined in Rule 501 under the Securities Act)) based on their respective aggregate principal amounts of outstanding Term Loans of the applicable Tranche, v all documentation in respect of such Permitted Debt Exchange shall be
consistent with the foregoing and all written communications generally directed to the Lenders in connection therewith shall be in form and substance consistent with the foregoing and made in consultation with the Administrative Agent and vi any applicable Minimum Exchange Tender Condition shall be satisfied. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Lender shall have any obligation to agree to have any of its Loans exchanged pursuant to any Permitted Debt
Exchange Offer. (b) With respect to all Permitted Debt Exchanges effected by the Borrower pursuant to this Subsection
2.9 , i such Permitted Debt Exchanges (and the cancellation of the exchanged Term Loans in connection therewith) shall not constitute voluntary or mandatory payments or prepayments for purposes of Subsection 4.4 and ii such Permitted Debt Exchange Offer shall be made for not less than 5,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of Term Loans (or, in each case, such lower principal amount as agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable
discretion), provided that subject to the foregoing clause (ii), the Borrower may at its election specify as a condition (a Minimum Exchange Tender Condition to consummating any such Permitted Debt Exchange that a minimum
amount (to be determined and specified in the relevant Permitted Debt Exchange Offer in the Borrower s discretion) of Term Loans be tendered. 
 105 

(c) In connection with each Permitted Debt Exchange, the Borrower shall
provide the Administrative Agent at least five Business Days (or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent) prior written notice thereof, and the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, acting reasonably, shall mutually
agree to such procedures as may be necessary or advisable to accomplish the purposes of this Subsection 2.9 and without conflict with Subsection 2.9(d) ; provided that the terms of any Permitted Debt Exchange Offer shall provide
that the date by which the relevant Lenders are required to indicate their election to participate in such Permitted Debt Exchange shall be not less than five Business Days following the date on which the Permitted Debt Exchange Offer is made (or
such shorter period as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). (d) The Borrower shall
be responsible for compliance with, and hereby agrees to comply with, all applicable securities and other laws in connection with each Permitted Debt Exchange, it being understood and agreed that x neither the Administrative Agent nor
any Lender assumes any responsibility in connection with the Borrower s compliance with such laws in connection with any Permitted Debt Exchange (other than the Borrower s reliance on any certificate delivered by a Lender pursuant to
 Subsection 2.9(a above for which such Lender shall bear sole responsibility) and y each Lender shall be solely responsible for its compliance with any applicable insider trading laws and regulations to which such
Lender may be subject under the Exchange Act. 2.10 Extension of Term Loans . (a) The Borrower may at any time
and from time to time request that all or a portion of the Term Loans of one or more Tranches (including any Extended Term Loans) existing at the time of such request (each, an Existing Term Tranche or Existing
Tranche and the Term Loans of such Tranche, the Existing Term Loans or the Existing Loans be converted to extend the scheduled maturity date(s) of any payment of principal or scheduled termination
date(s) of any commitments, as applicable, with respect to all or a portion of any principal or committed amount of any Existing Tranche (any such Existing Tranche which has been so extended, an Extended Term Tranche or
 Extended Tranche , and the Term Loans of such Extended Tranches, the Extended Term Loans or the Extended Loans and to provide for other terms consistent with this Subsection 2.10 ;
 provided that i any such request shall be made by the Borrower to all Lenders with Term Loans with a like maturity date (whether under one or more Tranches) on a pro rata basis (based on the aggregate outstanding principal
amount of the applicable Term Loans), and ii any applicable Minimum Extension Condition shall be satisfied unless waived by the Borrower. In order to establish any Extended Tranche, the Borrower shall provide a notice to the
Administrative Agent (who shall provide a copy of such notice to each of the Lenders of the applicable Existing Tranche) (an Extension Request setting forth the proposed terms of the Extended Tranche to be established, which
terms shall be identical to those applicable to the Existing Tranche from which they are to be extended (the Specified Existing Tranche ), except x all or any of the final maturity dates of such Extended Tranches may
be delayed to later dates than the final maturity dates of the Specified Existing Tranche, y ( A the interest margins with respect to the Extended Tranche may be higher or lower than the interest margins for the Specified
Existing Tranche and/or B additional fees may be payable to the Lenders providing such Extended Tranche in addition to or in lieu of any increased margins contemplated by the preceding clause (A), in each case to the extent provided in
the applicable Extension Amendment, and z amortization with respect to the Extended Term Tranche may be greater or lesser than amortization for the Specified Existing Tranche, so long as the Extended Term Tranche does not have a
weighted average life to maturity shorter than the remaining weighted average life to maturity of the Specified Existing Tranche provided that any applicable Extended Tranche may have an earlier maturity date and/or shorter weighted average
life to maturity 1 in the case of customary bridge financings, which, subject to customary conditions (as determined by the Borrower in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive), would either be automatically converted into
or required to be exchanged for permanent financing which does not provide for such earlier maturity date or such shorter weighted average life to maturity, 2 pursuant to an escrow or similar arrangement with respect to the proceeds of
such Extended Tranche or 3 if the aggregate principal amount of such applicable Extended Tranche at any time outstanding (together with the aggregate principal amount of any Additional Obligations, any Refinancing Indebtedness and
Indebtedness under any Incremental Term Loan Commitments and any Specified Refinancing Term Loan Facility, in each case outstanding under the Earlier Maturity Date Basket) does not exceed the Earlier Maturity Date Basket); provided that,
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Subsection 2.10 or otherwise, assignments and participations of Extended Tranches shall be governed by the same or, at the Borrower s discretion, more restrictive assignment and
participation provisions than the assignment and participation provisions applicable to Initial Term Loans set forth in Subsection 11.6 . No Lender shall have any obligation to agree to have any of its Existing Loans converted into an Extended
Tranche pursuant to any Extension Request. Any Extended Tranche shall constitute a separate Tranche of Term Loans from the Specified Existing Tranches and from any other Existing Tranches (together with any other Extended Tranches so established on
such date). 
 106 

(b) The Borrower shall provide the applicable Extension Request at least
five Business Days (or such shorter period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion) prior to the date on which Lenders under the applicable Existing Tranche(s) are requested to respond. Any Lender (an Extending
Lender wishing to have all or a portion of its Specified Existing Tranche converted into an Extended Tranche shall notify the Administrative Agent (each, an Extension Election on or prior to the date specified in such
Extension Request of the amount of its Specified Existing Tranche that it has elected to convert into an Extended Tranche. In the event that the aggregate amount of the Specified Existing Tranche subject to Extension Elections exceeds the amount of
Extended Tranches requested pursuant to the Extension Request, the Specified Existing Tranches subject to Extension Elections shall be converted to Extended Tranches on a pro rata basis based on the amount of Specified Existing Tranches included in
each such Extension Election. In connection with any extension of Term Loans pursuant to this Subsection 2.10 (each, an Extension ), the Borrower shall agree to such procedures regarding timing, rounding and other
administrative adjustments to ensure reasonable administrative management of the credit facilities hereunder after such Extension, as may be established by, or acceptable to, the Administrative Agent, in each case acting reasonably to accomplish the
purposes of this Subsection 2.10 . The Borrower may amend, revoke or replace an Extension Request pursuant to procedures reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent at any time prior to the date (the Extension Request
Deadline on which Lenders under the applicable Existing Term Tranche are requested to respond to the Extension Request. Any Lender may revoke an Extension Election at any time prior to 5:00 P.M. on the date that is two Business Days prior
to the Extension Request Deadline, at which point the Extension Election becomes irrevocable (unless otherwise agreed by the Borrower). The revocation of an Extension Election prior to the Extension Request Deadline shall not prejudice any
Lender s right to submit a new Extension Election prior to the Extension Request Deadline. 
 107 

(c) Extended Tranches shall be established pursuant to an amendment (an
 Extension Amendment to this Agreement (which may include amendments to i provisions related to maturity, interest margins, fees or amortization referenced in clauses (x) through (z) of Subsection
2.10(a) , ii the definitions of Additional Obligations , Disqualified Stock , Junior Capital and Refinancing Indebtedness and Subsection 8.8(b) to amend the maturity date and the
weighted average life to maturity requirements, from the Initial Term Loan Maturity Date and remaining weighted average life to maturity of the Initial Term Loans to the extended maturity date and the remaining weighted average life to maturity of
such Extended Tranche, as applicable and iii clause (iii) of the definition of Additional Obligations to provide for the applicable mandatory prepayment protections to apply to such Extended Term Tranche, and which in
each case, except to the extent expressly contemplated by the third to last sentence of this Subsection 2.10(c) and notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in Subsection 11.1 , shall not require the consent of any Lender
other than the Extending Lenders with respect to the Extended Tranches established thereby) executed by the Loan Parties, the Administrative Agent, and the Extending Lenders. No Extension Amendment shall provide for any Extended Tranche in an
aggregate principal amount that is less than 10,000,000 (or, in each case, such lower principal amount as agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement and without
limiting the generality or applicability of Subsection 11.1 to any Subsection 2.10 Additional Amendments, any Extension Amendment may provide for additional terms and/or additional amendments other than those referred to or contemplated above
(any such additional amendment, a Subsection 2.10 Additional Amendment to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; provided that such Subsection 2.10 Additional Amendments do not become effective prior to the time that
such Subsection 2.10 Additional Amendments have been consented to (including pursuant to consents applicable to holders of any Extended Tranches provided for in any Extension Amendment) by such of the Lenders, Loan Parties and other parties (if any)
as may be required in order for such Subsection 2.10 Additional Amendments to become effective in accordance with Subsection 11.1 ; provided , further , that no Extension Amendment may provide for any Extended Tranche to be secured
by any Collateral or other assets of any Loan Party that does not also secure the Specified Existing Tranche. It is understood and agreed that each Lender has consented for all purposes requiring its consent, and shall at the effective time thereof
be deemed to consent to each amendment to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents authorized by this Subsection 2.10 and the arrangements described above in connection therewith except that the foregoing shall not constitute a consent on
behalf of any Lender to the terms of any Subsection 2.10 Additional Amendment. (d) Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained in this Agreement, on any date on which any Existing Tranche is converted to extend the related scheduled maturity date(s) in accordance with clause (a) above (an Extension Date ), in the case of the
Specified Existing Tranche of each Extending Lender, the aggregate principal amount of such Specified Existing Tranche shall be deemed reduced by an amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of Extended Tranche so converted by such Lender on
such date, and such Extended Tranches shall be established as a separate Tranche from the Specified Existing Tranche and from any other Existing Tranches (together with any other Extended Tranches so established on such date). 
 108 

(e) If, in connection with any proposed Extension Amendment, any Lender
declines to consent to the applicable extension on the terms and by the deadline set forth in the applicable Extension Request (each such other Lender, a Non-Extending Lender then the Borrower may, on notice to the Administrative
Agent and the Non-Extending Lender, i replace such Non-Extending Lender by causing such Lender to (and such Lender shall be obligated to) assign pursuant to Subsection 11.6 (with the assignment fee and any other costs and
expenses to be paid by the Borrower in such instance) all of its rights and obligations under this Agreement to one or more assignees; provided that neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall have any obligation to the Borrower to
find a replacement Lender; provided , further , that the applicable assignee shall have agreed to provide Extended Loans on the terms set forth in such Extension Amendment; and provided , further , that all obligations of the
Borrower owing to the Non-Extending Lender relating to the Existing Loans so assigned shall be paid in full by the assignee Lender (or, at its option, the Borrower) to such Non-Extending Lender concurrently with such Assignment and Acceptance or ii if no Event of Default exists under Subsection 9.1(a) or (f) , upon notice to the Administrative Agent, prepay the Existing Loans in whole or in part, subject to Subsection 4.12 , without premium or penalty. In
connection with any such replacement under this Subsection 2.10 , if the Non-Extending Lender does not execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent a duly completed Assignment and Acceptance and/or any other documentation necessary to
reflect such replacement by the later of A the date on which the replacement Lender executes and delivers such Assignment and Acceptance and/or such other documentation and B the date as of which all obligations of the
Borrower owing to the Non-Extending Lender relating to the Existing Loans so assigned shall be paid in full by the assignee Lender (or, at its option, the Borrower) to such Non-Extending Lender, then such Non-Extending Lender shall be deemed to have
executed and delivered such Assignment and Acceptance and/or such other documentation as of such date, the Administrative Agent shall record such assignment in the Register and the Borrower shall be entitled (but not obligated) to execute and
deliver such Assignment and Acceptance and/or such other documentation on behalf of such Non-Extending Lender. (f)
Following any Extension Date, with the written consent of the Borrower, any Non-Extending Lender may elect to have all or a portion of its Existing Loans deemed to be an Extended Loan under the applicable Extended Tranche on any date (each date a
 Designation Date prior to the maturity date of such Extended Tranche; provided that such Lender shall have provided written notice to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at least 10 Business Days prior to such
Designation Date (or such shorter period as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion). Following a Designation Date, the Existing Loans held by such Lender so elected to be extended will be deemed to be Extended Loans of the
applicable Extended Tranche, and any Existing Loans held by such Lender not elected to be extended, if any, shall continue to be Existing Loans of the applicable Tranche. 
 (g) With respect to all Extensions consummated by the Borrower pursuant to this Subsection 2.10 , i such
Extensions shall not constitute optional or mandatory payments or prepayments for purposes of Subsection 4.4 and ii no Extension Request is required to be in any minimum amount or any minimum increment, provided that the
Borrower may at its election specify as a condition (a Minimum Extension Condition to consummating any such Extension that a minimum amount (to be determined and specified in the relevant Extension Request in the Borrower s
sole discretion and which may be waived by the Borrower) of Existing Loans of any or all applicable Tranches be extended. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereby consent to the transactions contemplated by this Subsection 2.10 
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, payment of any interest, fees or premium in respect of any Extended Loans on such terms as may be set forth in the relevant Extension Request) and hereby waive the requirements of any provision of this
Agreement (including Subsections 4.4 and 4.8 or any other Loan Document that may otherwise prohibit any such Extension or any other transaction contemplated by this Subsection 2.10 . 
 109 

2.11 Specified Refinancing Facilities . (a) The Borrower may,
from time to time, add one or more new term loan facilities (the Specified Refinancing Term Loan Facilities to the Facilities to refinance all or any portion of any Tranche of Term Loans then outstanding under this Agreement;
 provided that i the Specified Refinancing Facilities will not be guaranteed by any Subsidiary of the Borrower other than the Subsidiary Guarantors, and will be secured on a pari passu or (at the Borrower s option)
junior basis by the same Collateral securing the Term Loan Facility Obligations (so long as any applicable Specified Refinancing Amendments (and related Obligations) are subject to the ABL/Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement, a Junior Lien
Intercreditor Agreement or an Other Intercreditor Agreement) or (at the Borrower s option) will be unsecured, ii the Specified Refinancing Term Loan Facilities and any term loans drawn thereunder (the Specified
Refinancing Term Loans shall rank pari passu in right of payment with or (at the Borrower s option) junior to the Term Loan Facility Obligations, iii no Specified Refinancing Amendment may provide for any
Specified Refinancing Facility or any Specified Refinancing Loans to be secured by any Collateral or other assets of any Loan Party that do not also secure the Term Loan Facility Obligations, iv the Specified Refinancing Facilities
will have such pricing, amortization (subject to clause (vi) below) and optional and mandatory prepayment terms as may be agreed by the Borrower and the applicable Lenders thereof, v [reserved], vi the maturity date
and the weighted average life to maturity of any Specified Refinancing Term Loan Facility shall be no earlier than or shorter than, as the case may be, the Maturity Date of the Tranche of Term Loans being refinanced or the remaining weighted average
life to maturity of the Term Loans being refinanced, as applicable (other than an earlier maturity date and/or shorter weighted average life to maturity 1 for customary bridge financings, which, subject to customary conditions (as
determined by the Borrower in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive), would either be automatically converted into or required to be exchanged for permanent financing which does not provide for an earlier maturity date or a shorter
weighted average life to maturity than the Maturity Date of the Tranche of Term Loans being refinanced or the remaining weighted average life to maturity of the Term Loans being refinanced, as applicable, 2 pursuant to an escrow or
similar arrangement with respect to the proceeds of such Specified Refinancing Term Loans or 3 of Indebtedness under any Specified Refinancing Term Loan Facility in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding (together with
any Additional Obligations, any Refinancing Indebtedness and Indebtedness under any Incremental Term Loan Commitments and any applicable Extended Tranche, in each case outstanding under the Earlier Maturity Date Basket) not in excess of the Earlier
Maturity Date Basket), vii the Net Cash Proceeds of such Specified Refinancing Facility shall be applied, substantially concurrently with the incurrence thereof, to the pro rata prepayment of outstanding Loans being so refinanced, in
each case pursuant to Subsection 4.4 (including prepayments made with an exchange of Rollover Indebtedness under the applicable Specified Refinancing Facility as provided for in the final sentence of Subsection 4.4(g) ); and viii the Specified Refinancing Facilities shall not have a principal or commitment amount greater than the Loans being refinanced plus the aggregate amount of all fees, underwriting discounts, premiums and other costs and expenses
(including accrued and unpaid interest) incurred or payable in connection with such refinancing. 
 110 

(b) Each request from the Borrower pursuant to this Subsection 2.11 
shall set forth the requested amount and proposed terms of the relevant Specified Refinancing Facility. The Specified Refinancing Facilities (or any portion thereof) may be made by any existing Lender or by any other bank or financial institution
(any such bank or other financial institution, an Additional Specified Refinancing Lender , and the Additional Specified Refinancing Lenders together with any existing Lender providing Specified Refinancing Facilities, the
 Specified Refinancing Lenders provided that if such Additional Specified Refinancing Lender is not already a Lender hereunder or an Affiliate of a Lender hereunder or an Approved Fund, the consent of the Administrative
Agent and (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) shall be required (it being understood that any such Additional Specified Refinancing Lender that is an Affiliated Lender shall be subject to the provisions of
 Subsection 11.6(h) , mutatis mutandis , to the same extent as if such Specified Refinancing Facilities and related Obligations had been obtained by such Lender by way of assignment). 
 (c) Specified Refinancing Facilities shall become facilities under this Agreement pursuant to a Specified Refinancing
Amendment to this Agreement and, as appropriate, the other Loan Documents, executed by the Borrower and each applicable Specified Refinancing Lender. Any Specified Refinancing Amendment may, without the consent of any other Lender, effect such
amendments to any Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the opinion of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, to effect the provisions of this Subsection 2.11 , in each case on terms consistent with this
 Subsection 2.11 . (d) Any loans made in respect of any such Specified Refinancing Facility shall be made by
creating a new Tranche. Each Specified Refinancing Facility made available pursuant to this Subsection 2.11 shall be in a minimum aggregate amount of at least 10,000,000 and in integral multiples of 5,000,000 in excess thereof (or, such
lower minimum amounts or multiples as agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). (e) The
Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender as to the effectiveness of each Specified Refinancing Amendment. Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees that, upon the effectiveness of any Specified Refinancing Amendment, this Agreement
shall be deemed amended to the extent (but only to the extent) necessary or appropriate to reflect the existence and terms of the Specified Refinancing Facilities incurred pursuant thereto (including the addition of such Specified Refinancing
Facilities as separate Facilities and Tranches hereunder and treated in a manner consistent with the Facilities being refinanced, including for purposes of prepayments and voting). Any Specified Refinancing Amendment may,
without the consent of any Person other than the Borrower, the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) and the Lenders providing such Specified Refinancing Facilities, effect such amendments to
this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as may be necessary or appropriate, in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to effect the provisions of this Subsection 2.11 . 
 111 

SECTION 3 
 [Reserved] SECTION
4 General Provisions Applicable to Loans 
 4.1 Interest Rates and Payment Dates . (a) Each Eurodollar Term SOFR
Rate Loan shall bear interest for each day during each Interest Period with respect thereto at a rate per annum equal to the Adjusted LIBOR Term
SOFR Rate determined for such day plus the Applicable Margin in effect for such day. 
 (b) Each ABR Loan shall bear interest for each day that it is outstanding at a rate per annum equal to the Alternate Base Rate
in effect for such day plus the Applicable Margin in effect for such day. (c) [Reserved]. 
 (d) [Reserved]. 
 (e) If all or a portion of i the principal amount of any Loan, ii any interest payable thereon or iii any other amount payable hereunder shall not be paid when due (whether at the Stated Maturity, by acceleration or otherwise), such overdue amount shall bear interest at a rate per annum which is x in the case of
overdue principal, the rate that would otherwise be applicable thereto pursuant to the relevant foregoing provisions of this Subsection 4.1 , plus 2.00 , y in the case of overdue interest, the rate that would otherwise be
applicable to principal of the related Loan pursuant to the relevant foregoing provisions of this Subsection 4.1 , plus 2.00 and z in the case of other amounts, the rate described in clause (b) of this Subsection
4.1 for ABR Loans accruing interest at the Alternate Base Rate plus 2.00 , in each case from the date of such nonpayment until such amount is paid in full (after as well as before judgment); provided that 1 no amount
shall be payable pursuant to this Subsection 4.1(e) to a Defaulting Lender so long as such Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender and 2 no amounts shall accrue pursuant to this Subsection 4.1(e) on any overdue amount or
other amount payable to a Defaulting Lender so long as such Lender shall be a Defaulting Lender. (f) Interest shall be
payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date, provided that interest accruing pursuant to clause (e) of this Subsection 4.1 shall be payable from time to time on demand exercised in accordance with Subsection 9.2 . 
 (g) It is the intention of the parties hereto to comply strictly with applicable usury laws; accordingly, it is stipulated and
agreed that the aggregate of all amounts which constitute interest under applicable usury laws, whether contracted for, charged, taken, reserved, or received, in connection with the indebtedness evidenced by this Agreement or any Notes, or any other
document relating or referring hereto or thereto, now or hereafter existing, shall never exceed under any circumstance whatsoever the maximum amount of interest allowed by applicable usury laws. 
 112 

4.2 Conversion and Continuation Options . (a) Subject to its
obligations pursuant to Subsection 4.12(c) , the Borrower may elect from time to time to convert outstanding Loans of a given Tranche denominated in Dollars from
 Eurodollar Term SOFR
Rate Loans to ABR Loans by giving the Administrative Agent irrevocable notice of such election prior to 1:00 P.M., New York City time two Business Days (or such shorter period as may be agreed by
the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) prior to such election. The Borrower may elect from time to time to convert outstanding Loans of a given Tranche from ABR Loans to Eurodollar Term SOFR
Rate Loans by giving the Administrative Agent irrevocable notice of such election prior to 1:00 P.M., New York City time at least three Business Days (or such shorter period as may be agreed by
the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) prior to such election. Any such notice of conversion to Eurodollar Term SOFR Rate Loans shall specify the length of the initial Interest
Period or Interest Periods therefor. Upon receipt of any such notice the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each affected Lender thereof. All or any part of outstanding Eurodollar Term SOFR
Rate Loans denominated in Dollars or ABR Loans may be converted as provided herein, provided that i (unless the Required Lenders otherwise consent) no Loan may be converted
into a
 Eurodollar Term
SOFR Rate Loan when any Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and, in the case of any Default (other than a Default under Subsection 9.1(f) ), the Administrative Agent
has given notice to the Borrower that no such conversions may be made and ii no Loan may be converted into a Eurodollar Term SOFR Rate Loan after the date that is one month prior to the
applicable Maturity Date. (b) Any
 Eurodollar Term SOFR
Rate Loan may be continued as such upon the expiration of the then current Interest Period with respect thereto by the Borrower giving notice to the Administrative Agent of the length of the next
Interest Period to be applicable to such
 Eurodollar Term
SOFR Rate Loan, determined in accordance with the applicable provisions of the term Interest Period set forth in Subsection 1.1 , provided that no Eurodollar Term SOFR
Rate Loan denominated in Dollars may be continued as such i (unless the Required Lenders otherwise consent) when any Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and,
in the case of any Default (other than a Default under Subsection 9.1(f) ), the Administrative Agent has given notice to the Borrower that no such continuations may be made or ii after the date that is one month prior to the
applicable Maturity Date, and provided , further , that if the Borrower shall fail to give any required notice as described above in this clause (b) or if such continuation is not permitted pursuant to the preceding proviso such
 Eurodollar Term
SOFR Rate Loans shall be automatically converted to ABR Loans as on the last day of such then expiring Interest Period. Upon receipt of any such notice of continuation pursuant to this Subsection 4.2(b) , the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each affected Lender
thereof. 4.3 Minimum Amounts; Maximum Sets . All borrowings, conversions and continuations of Loans
hereunder and all selections of Interest Periods hereunder shall be in such amounts and be made pursuant to such elections so that, after giving effect thereto, the aggregate principal amount of the Eurodollar Term SOFR
Rate Loans comprising each Set shall be equal to 5,000,000 or a whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing x any Loan may be
borrowed in an amount equal to the aggregate amount of the Commitments in respect of such Loan and y any Loan may be converted or continued in its entirety), and so that there shall not be more than 20 Sets at any one time outstanding.
 
 113 

4.4 Optional and Mandatory Prepayments. (a) Optional Prepayment of Term
Loans. The Borrower may at any time and from time to time prepay the Term Loans, in whole or in part, subject to Subsection 4.12, without premium or penalty (except as provided in Subsection 4.5(b)), upon notice by the Borrower to the Administrative
Agent prior to 1:00 P.M., New York City time, at least three Business Days (or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) prior to the date of prepayment (in the case of Eurodollar Term SOFR
Rate Loans), or prior to 12:00 P.M., New York City time on the date of prepayment (or such later time as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) (in the case of ABR
Loans). Such notice shall specify, in the case of any prepayment of Term Loans, the applicable Tranche being repaid, and if a combination thereof, the principal amount allocable to each, the date and amount of prepayment and whether the prepayment
is of
 Eurodollar Term
SOFR Rate Loans, ABR Loans or a combination thereof, and, in each case if a combination thereof, the principal amount allocable to each. Any such notice may state that such notice is conditioned
upon the occurrence or non-occurrence of any event specified therein (including the effectiveness of other credit facilities), in which case such notice may be revoked or extended by the Borrower (by written notice to the Administrative Agent on or
prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied or waived. Upon the receipt of any such notice the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each affected Lender thereof. If any such notice is given and not revoked, the
amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein, together with (if a Eurodollar Term SOFR Rate Loan is prepaid other than at the end of the Interest
Period applicable thereto) any amounts payable pursuant to Subsection 4.12 . Partial prepayments pursuant to this Subsection 4.4(a) shall be in multiples of 1,000,000; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, any Term Loan may be prepaid
in its entirety. Each prepayment of Original Initial Term Loans pursuant to this Subsection 4.4(a) made on or prior to the six-month anniversary of the Closing Date in an amount equal to the Net Cash Proceeds received by the Borrower or any
Restricted Subsidiary from its incurrence of new Indebtedness under first lien secured bank financing in a Repricing Transaction shall be accompanied by the payment of the fee required by Subsection 4.5(b)(i). Each prepayment of Tranche B Term Loans
pursuant to this Subsection 4.4(a) made prior to the date that is six months after the First Amendment Effective Date in an amount equal to the Net Cash Proceeds received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary from its incurrence of new
Indebtedness under first lien secured bank financing in a Repricing Transaction shall be accompanied by the payment of the fee required by Subsection 4.5(b)(ii). 
 (b) [Reserved]. 
 (c) [Reserved]. 
 (d) [Reserved]. 
 114 

(e) Mandatory Prepayment of Term Loans . i The Borrower
shall, in accordance with Subsection 4.4(g) , prepay the Term Loans to the extent required by Subsection 8.4(b) (subject to Subsection 8.4(c) ), ii if on or after the Closing Date, the Borrower or any of its
Restricted Subsidiaries shall Incur A Specified Refinancing Term Loans or B Indebtedness for borrowed money (excluding Indebtedness permitted pursuant to Subsection 8.1 ), the Borrower shall, in accordance with
 Subsection 4.4(g) , prepay (or, exchange for Rollover Indebtedness) the Term Loans (or, in the case of the Incurrence of any Specified Refinancing Term Loans, the Tranche of Term Loans being refinanced) in an amount equal to 100.0 of the Net
Cash Proceeds thereof (plus any portion of such Indebtedness which represents Rollover Indebtedness) minus the portion of such Net Cash Proceeds applied or offered (to the extent the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is required by the
terms thereof) to prepay, repay or purchase Pari Passu Indebtedness on a no more than pro rata basis with the Term Loans, in each case with such prepayment to be made on or before the fifth Business Day following notice given to each Lender of the
Prepayment Date, as contemplated by Subsection 4.4(h) and iii the Borrower shall, in accordance with Subsection 4.4(g) , prepay the Term Loans within five Business Days following the day on which financial statements in
respect of the immediately preceding fiscal year are delivered pursuant to Subsection 7.1(a) (commencing with the fiscal year ending on or about February 3, 2019) (or, if later, the date on which such financial statements are required to
be delivered) (each, an ECF Payment Date ), in an amount equal to A ( 1 50.0 (as may be adjusted pursuant to the last proviso of this clause (iii)) of the Borrower s Excess Cash Flow for such fiscal
year (such amount, the Applicable ECF Amount ), if and to the extent that the Applicable ECF Amount exceeds 20,000,000, minus 2 the sum of q the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans
(including Incremental Term Loans, Extended Term Loans and Specified Refinancing Term Loans) prepaid pursuant to Subsection 4.4(a) , Incremental Revolving Loans voluntarily prepaid to the extent accompanied by a corresponding permanent
Incremental Revolving Commitment reduction, Pari Passu Indebtedness (in the case of revolving loans, to the extent accompanied by a corresponding permanent commitment reduction) voluntarily prepaid, repaid, redeemed, repurchased or retired and any
prepayment of Term Loans (including Incremental Term Loans, Extended Term Loans and Specified Refinancing Term Loans) pursuant to Subsection 4.4(l) or 11.6(h) (by the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries) provided that such
deduction for prepayments pursuant to Subsection 4.4(l) or 11.6(h) (by the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries) shall be limited to the actual cash amount of such prepayment), in each case during such fiscal year (which, in any
event, shall not include any designated prepayment pursuant to clause (u) below), r the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans (including Incremental Term Loans, Extended Term Loans and Specified Refinancing Term Loans) repaid
pursuant to Subsection 2.2 and Pari Passu Indebtedness repaid pursuant to any amortization schedule provided for in such facility, in each case during such fiscal year, s the aggregate amount of cash consideration (including any
expenses, charges and losses in the form of earn-out obligations and contingent consideration obligations (including to the extent accounted for as performance and retention bonuses, compensation or otherwise) and adjustments thereof and purchase
price adjustments) paid by the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) in connection with Investments (including acquisitions) made during such fiscal year constituting Permitted Investments (other than
Permitted Investments of the type described in clause (iii) of the definition thereof and intercompany Investments by and among the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries) or made pursuant to Subsection 8.2 (which, in any event, shall
not include any Contract Consideration previously deducted pursuant to clause (z) below), t the amount of Capital Expenditures either made in cash or accrued during such fiscal year provided that, whether any such Capital
Expenditures shall be deducted for the fiscal year in which cash payments for such Capital Expenditures have been paid or the fiscal year in which such Capital Expenditures have been accrued shall be at the Borrower s election; provided ,
 further that, in no case shall any accrual of a Capital Expenditure which has previously been deducted under this clause (t) give rise to a subsequent deduction upon the making of such Capital Expenditure in cash in the same or any
subsequent fiscal year) (which, in any event, shall not include any Capital Expenditures previously deducted pursuant to clause (z) below), u the aggregate principal amount of Term Loans (including Incremental Term Loans, Extended
Term Loans and Specified Refinancing Term Loans) repaid or prepaid pursuant to Subsection 2.2(b) or 4.4(a) , Incremental Revolving Loans voluntarily prepaid to the extent accompanied by a corresponding permanent Incremental Revolving
Commitment reduction, Pari Passu Indebtedness (in the case of revolving loans, to the extent accompanied by a corresponding permanent commitment reduction) voluntarily prepaid, repaid, redeemed, repurchased or retired and any prepayment of Term
Loans (including Incremental Term Loans, Extended Term Loans and Specified Refinancing Term Loans) pursuant to Subsection 4.4(l) or 11.6(h) (by the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries) provided that such deduction for
prepayments pursuant to Subsection 4.4(l) or 11.6(h) (by the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries) shall be limited to the actual cash amount of such prepayment), in each case during the period beginning with the day following the
last day of such fiscal year and ending on the ECF Payment Date and stated by the Borrower as prepaid pursuant to this Subsection 4.4(e)(iii) , v any ABL Facility Loans prepaid to the extent accompanied by a corresponding
permanent commitment reduction under the ABL Facility during such fiscal year (which, in any event, shall not include any designated prepayment pursuant to clause (w), (x) or (y) below), w the aggregate principal amount of
ABL Facility Loans prepaid to the extent accompanied by a corresponding permanent commitment reduction under the ABL Facility during the period beginning with the day following the last day of such fiscal year and ending on the ECF Payment Date and
stated by the Borrower as prepaid pursuant to this Subsection 4.4(e)(iii) (which, in any event, shall not include any designated prepayment pursuant to clause (x) or (y) below), x the aggregate principal amount of ABL
Facility Loans prepaid during such fiscal year, in each case to the extent such amounts are drawn to fund any OID or upfront fees in respect of the Tranche B Term Loans or any Incremental Term Loans and stated by the Borrower as prepaid pursuant to
this Subsection 4.4(e)(iii) (which, in any event, shall not include any designated prepayment pursuant to clause (y) below), y the aggregate principal amount of ABL Facility Loans prepaid during the period beginning with
the day following the last day of such fiscal year and ending on the ECF Payment Date and stated by the Borrower as prepaid pursuant to this Subsection 4.4(e)(iii) , in each case to the extent such amounts are drawn to fund any OID or upfront
fees in respect of the Tranche B Term Loans or any Incremental Term Loans and stated by the Borrower as prepaid pursuant to this Subsection 4.4(e)(iii) and z at the Borrower s election, without duplication of amounts
deducted from Excess Cash Flow pursuant to this Subsection 4.4(e)(iii)(A)(2) in respect of prior fiscal years, the aggregate consideration required to be paid in cash by the Borrower or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries pursuant to
binding contracts (the Contract Consideration entered into prior to or during such fiscal year relating to Investments constituting Permitted Investments (other than Permitted Investments of the type described in
clause (iii) of the definition thereof and intercompany Investments by and among the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries) or made pursuant to Subsection 8.2 or Capital Expenditures to be consummated or made during the period of
four consecutive Fiscal Quarters of the Borrower following the end of such fiscal year, provided that to the extent the aggregate amount of cash actually utilized to finance such Investments and Capital Expenditures during such period of four
consecutive Fiscal Quarters is less than the Contract Consideration, the amount of such shortfall shall be added to the calculation 
 115 

of Excess Cash Flow at the end of such period of four consecutive Fiscal Quarters provided that, except as otherwise specified herein, no prepayments made pursuant to the other clauses of
this Subsection 4.4(e) shall be included in Subsection 4.4(e)(iii)(A)(2)(q) , (r) , (s) , (t) , (u) , (v) , (w) , (x) , (y) or (z) ), in each case, excluding prepayments funded
with proceeds from the Incurrence of long-term Indebtedness (unless, in the case of clause (u) or (v), such Indebtedness has been repaid) (the amount described in this clause (A), the ECF Prepayment Amount minus B the portion of such ECF Prepayment Amount applied or offered (to the extent the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is required by the terms thereof) to prepay, repay or purchase Pari Passu Indebtedness on no more than a pro rata
basis with the Term Loans; provided that such percentage in clause (1) above shall be reduced to 0 if the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year was less than 3.25:1.00, after
giving pro forma effect to the applicable prepayment with the Applicable ECF Amount pursuant to this Subsection 4.4(e)(iii) ; provided , further that, with respect to any portion of the Applicable ECF Amount in excess of the
portion required to achieve, on a pro forma basis, the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio threshold specified in the immediately foregoing proviso, such reduced percentage shall apply. Each prepayment of Original Initial Term Loans pursuant to this
 Subsection 4.4(e)(ii)(A) , but not any other prepayment of Original Initial Term Loans pursuant to Subsection 4.4(e) made on or prior to the 6 month anniversary of the Closing Date in an amount equal to the Net Cash Proceeds received by
the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary from its incurrence of new Indebtedness under first lien secured bank financing in a Repricing Transaction shall be accompanied by the payment of the fee required by Subsection 4.5(b)(i) . Each
prepayment of Tranche B Term Loans pursuant to this Subsection 4.4(e)(ii)(A) , but not any other prepayment of Tranche B Term Loans pursuant to Subsection 4.4(e) made prior to the date that is six months after the First Amendment
Effective Date in an amount equal to the Net Cash Proceeds received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary from its incurrence of new Indebtedness under first lien secured bank financing in a Repricing Transaction shall be accompanied by the
payment of the fee required by Subsection 4.5(b)(ii) . Nothing in this Subsection 4.4(e) shall limit the rights of the Agents and the Lenders set forth in Section 9 . 
 (f) [Reserved]. 
 (g) Subject to the last sentence of Subsection 4.4(h) and Subsection 4.4(k) , each prepayment of Term Loans
pursuant to Subsection 4.4(e) (other than a prepayment with the proceeds of Specified Refinancing Term Loans) shall be allocated pro rata among the Initial Term Loans, the Incremental Term Loans, the Extended Term Loans and the Specified
Refinancing Term Loans; provided , that at the request of the Borrower, in lieu of such application on a pro rata basis among all Tranches of Term Loans, such prepayment may be applied to any Tranche of Term Loans so long as the maturity date
of such Tranche of Term Loans precedes the maturity date of each other Tranche of Term Loans then outstanding or, in the event more than one Tranche of Term Loans shall have an identical maturity date that precedes the maturity date of each other
Tranche of Term Loans then outstanding, to such Tranches on a pro rata basis. Each prepayment of Term Loans pursuant to Subsection 4.4(a) shall be applied within each applicable Tranche of Term Loans to the respective installments of
principal thereof in the manner directed by the Borrower (or, if no such direction is given, in direct order of maturity). Each prepayment of Term Loans pursuant to Subsection 4.4(e) shall be applied within each applicable Tranche of Term
Loans, first, to the accrued interest on the principal amount of Term Loans being prepaid and, second, to the respective installments of principal thereof in the manner directed by the Borrower (or, if no such direction is given in direct order of
maturity). Notwithstanding any other provision of this Subsection 4.4 , a Lender may, at its option, and if agreed by the Borrower, in connection with any prepayment of Term Loans pursuant to Subsection 4.4(a) or (e) , exchange
such Lender s portion of the Term Loan to be prepaid for Rollover Indebtedness, in lieu of such Lender s pro rata portion of such prepayment (and any such Term Loans so exchanged shall be deemed repaid for all purposes under the Loan
Documents). 
 116 

(h) The Borrower shall give notice to the Administrative Agent of any
mandatory prepayment of the Term Loans x pursuant to Subsection 4.4(e)(iii) , three Business Days prior to the date on which such payment is due and y pursuant to any other provision of Subsection 4.4(e) ,
promptly (and in any event within five Business Days) upon becoming obligated to make such prepayment. Such notice shall state that the Borrower is offering to make or will make such mandatory prepayment i in the case of mandatory
prepayments pursuant to Subsection 4.4(e)(i) , on or before the date specified in Subsection 8.4(b) and ii in the case of mandatory prepayments pursuant to any other clause of Subsection 4.4(e) , on or before the
date specified in such clause, as the case may be (each, a Prepayment Date ). Subject to the following sentence, once given, such notice shall be irrevocable and all amounts subject to such notice shall be due and payable on the
Prepayment Date (except as otherwise provided in the last sentence of this Subsection 4.4(h) ). Any such notice of prepayment pursuant to Subsection 4.4(e) may state that such notice is conditioned upon the occurrence or non-occurrence
of any event specified therein (including the effectiveness of other credit facilities), in which case such notice may be revoked or extended by the Borrower (by written notice to the Administrative Agent, on or prior to the specified effective
date) if such condition is not satisfied or waived. Upon receipt by the Administrative Agent of such notice, the Administrative Agent shall immediately give notice to each Lender of the prepayment and the Prepayment Date. The Borrower (in its sole
discretion) may give each Lender the option (in its sole discretion) to elect to decline any such prepayment (other than a prepayment pursuant to Subsection 4.4(e)(ii) , except as otherwise provided for in the last sentence of Subsection
4.4(g) by giving notice of such election in writing to the Administrative Agent by 11:00 A.M., New York City time, on the date that is three Business Days (or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable
discretion) prior to the Prepayment Date. Upon receipt by the Administrative Agent of such notice, the Administrative Agent shall immediately notify the Borrower of such election. Any amount so declined by any Lender (the Term Loan Declined
Amount may, at the option of the Borrower, be applied to the payment or prepayment of Indebtedness, including any Junior Debt, or otherwise be retained by the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries and/or applied by the Borrower or any
of its Restricted Subsidiaries in any manner not inconsistent with this Agreement. (i) Without limitation of
 Subsections 2.8 and 8.1(b)(i) , amounts prepaid on account of Term Loans pursuant to Subsection 4.4(a) , (e) or (l) may not be reborrowed. 
 117 

(j) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Subsection 4.4, if at
any time any prepayment of Loans pursuant to Subsection 4.4(a) or (e) would result, after giving effect to the procedures set forth in this Agreement, in the Borrower incurring breakage costs under Subsection 4.12 as a result of Eurodollar Term SOFR
Rate Loans being prepaid other than on the last day of an Interest Period with respect thereto, then, the Borrower may, so long as no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be
continuing, in its sole discretion, initially (i) deposit a portion (up to 100.0 of the amounts that otherwise would have been paid in respect of such
 Eurodollar Term
SOFR Rate Loans with the Administrative Agent (which deposit must be equal in amount to the amount of such
 Eurodollar Term
SOFR Rate Loans not immediately prepaid), to be held as security for the obligations of the Borrower to make such prepayment pursuant to a cash collateral agreement to be entered into on terms
reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent with such cash collateral to be directly applied upon the first occurrence thereafter of the last day of an Interest Period with respect to such Eurodollar Term SOFR
Rate Loans (or such earlier date or dates as shall be requested by the Borrower) or (ii) make a prepayment of Loans in accordance with Subsection 4.4(a) with an amount equal to a portion (up
to 100.0 of the amounts that otherwise would have been paid in respect of such Eurodollar Term SOFR Rate Loans (which prepayment, together with any deposits
pursuant to clause (i) above, must be equal in amount to the amount of such Eurodollar Term SOFR Rate Loans not immediately prepaid); provided that, in the
case of either clause (i) or (ii) above, such unpaid
 Eurodollar Term
SOFR Rate Loans shall continue to bear interest in accordance with Subsection 4.1 until such unpaid
 Eurodollar Term
SOFR Rate Loans or the related portion of such Eurodollar Term SOFR Rate Loans, as the case may be, have or has been prepaid. In
addition, if the Borrower determines in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive, that repatriating any amounts attributable to Foreign Subsidiaries that are required to be applied to prepay Term Loans pursuant to Subsection
4.4(e)(i) or 4.4(e)(iii) x would result in material adverse tax consequences to Management Holdings, Waterworks Holdings LP, Waterworks Holdings LLC, Pubco, New Blocker, Topco or one of its Subsidiaries (or, at the election
of the Borrower in connection with an initial public offering or other restructuring of the Borrower, any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries) or y ( 1 could reasonably be expected to be
prohibited or delayed by or violate or conflict with applicable local law, 2 is restricted by applicable organizational documents or any agreement, 3 is subject to other organizational or administrative impediments from
being repatriated to the United States or 4 conflicts with the fiduciary duties of the applicable directors, or result in, or could reasonably be expected to result in, a material risk of personal or criminal liability for any
applicable officer, director or manager, then, in each case the Borrower shall not be required to prepay such amounts as required thereunder, and such amounts may be retained by the applicable Foreign Subsidiary; provided that, in the case of
this clause (y), the Borrower shall take commercially reasonable actions to cause the applicable Foreign Subsidiary to take all actions reasonably required by the applicable local law, the applicable organizational documents or agreements, the
applicable organizational impediments or other impediment to permit repatriation of the proceeds subject to such prepayments. 
 (k) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, this Subsection 4.4 may be amended (and the Lenders hereby
irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent to enter into any such amendments) to the extent necessary to reflect differing amounts payable, and priorities of payments, to Lenders participating in any new classes or tranches of Term Loans added
pursuant to Subsections 2.8 , 2.10 , 2.11 or 11.1(h) , as applicable, or pursuant to any other credit or letter of credit facility added pursuant to Subsection 2.8 or 11.1(e) . 
 118 

(l) Notwithstanding anything in any Loan Document to the contrary, so long
as no Event of Default under Subsection 9.1(a) or (f) has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower may prepay the outstanding Term Loans on the following basis: 
 (i) The Borrower shall have the right to make a voluntary prepayment of Term Loans at a discount to par (such
prepayment, the Discounted Term Loan Prepayment pursuant to a Borrower Offer of Specified Discount Prepayment, a Borrower Solicitation of Discount Range Prepayment Offers, or a Borrower Solicitation of Discounted Prepayment
Offers, in each case made in accordance with this Subsection 4.4(l) ; provided that the Borrower shall not initiate any action under this Subsection 4.4(l) in order to make a Discounted Term Loan Prepayment unless 1 at least ten Business Days shall have passed since the consummation of the most recent Discounted Term Loan Prepayment as a result of a prepayment made by the Borrower on the applicable Discounted Prepayment Effective Date (or such
shorter period as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) or 2 at least three Business Days shall have passed since the date the Borrower was notified that no Lender was willing to accept any
prepayment of any Term Loan at the Specified Discount, within the Discount Range or at any discount to par value, as applicable, or in the case of Borrower Solicitation of Discounted Prepayment Offers, the date of the Borrower s election not to
accept any Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offers made by a Lender (or such shorter period as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). Each Lender participating in any Discounted Term Loan Prepayment acknowledges
and agrees that in connection with such Discounted Term Loan Prepayment, 1 the Borrower then may have, and later may come into possession of, information regarding the Term Loans or the Loan Parties hereunder that is not known to such
Lender and that may be material to a decision by such Lender to participate in such Discounted Term Loan Prepayment Excluded Information ), 2 such Lender has independently and, without reliance on any Parent Entity
or IPO Vehicle, the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries, the Administrative Agent or any of their respective Affiliates, has made its own analysis and determination to participate in such Discounted Term Loan Prepayment notwithstanding such
Lender s lack of knowledge of the Excluded Information and 3 none of the Parent Entities or IPO Vehicles, the Borrower, its Subsidiaries, the Administrative Agent, or any of their respective Affiliates shall have any liability to
such Lender, and such Lender hereby waives and releases, to the extent permitted by law, any claims such Lender may have against any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle, the Borrower, its Subsidiaries, the Administrative Agent, and their respective
Affiliates, under applicable laws or otherwise, with respect to the nondisclosure of the Excluded Information. Each Lender participating in any Discounted Term Loan Prepayment further acknowledges that the Excluded Information may not be available
to the Administrative Agent or the other Lenders. Any Term Loans prepaid pursuant to this Subsection 4.4(l) shall be immediately and automatically cancelled. 
 (ii) Borrower Offer of Specified Discount Prepayment . (1) The Borrower may from time to time offer
to make a Discounted Term Loan Prepayment by providing the Administrative Agent with three Business Days (or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) notice in the form of a Specified
Discount Prepayment Notice; provided that I any such offer shall be made available, at the sole discretion of the Borrower, to each Lender or to each Lender with respect to any Tranche on an individual Tranche basis, II any such offer shall specify the aggregate Outstanding Amount offered to be prepaid (the Specified Discount Prepayment Amount ), the Tranches of Term Loans subject to such offer and the specific percentage discount to par value
(the Specified Discount of the Outstanding Amount of such Term Loans to be prepaid, III the Specified Discount Prepayment Amount shall be in an aggregate principal amount not less than 5,000,000 and whole increments of
 500,000 in excess thereof (or such lower minimum amounts or multiples as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion), and IV each such offer shall remain outstanding through the Specified Discount Prepayment
Response Date. The Administrative Agent will promptly provide each relevant Lender with a copy of such Specified Discount Prepayment Notice and a form of the Specified Discount Prepayment Response to be completed and returned by each such Lender to
the Administrative Agent (or its delegate) by no later than 5:00 P.M., New York City time, on the third Business Day after the date of delivery of such notice to the relevant Lenders (or such later date designated by the Administrative Agent and
approved by the Borrower) (the Specified Discount Prepayment Response Date ). 
 119 

(2) Each relevant Lender receiving such offer shall notify
the Administrative Agent (or its delegate) by the Specified Discount Prepayment Response Date whether or not it agrees to accept a prepayment of any of its relevant then outstanding Term Loans at the Specified Discount and, if so (such accepting
Lender, a Discount Prepayment Accepting Lender ), the amount of such Lender s Outstanding Amount and Tranches of Term Loans to be prepaid at such offered discount. Each acceptance of a Discounted Term Loan Prepayment by a
Discount Prepayment Accepting Lender shall be irrevocable. Any Lender whose Specified Discount Prepayment Response is not received by the Administrative Agent by the Specified Discount Prepayment Response Date shall be deemed to have declined to
accept such Borrower Offer of Specified Discount Prepayment. (3) If there is at least one Discount
Prepayment Accepting Lender, the Borrower will make prepayment of outstanding Term Loans pursuant to this Subsection 4.4(l)(ii) to each Discount Prepayment Accepting Lender in accordance with the respective Outstanding Amount and Tranches of
Term Loans specified in such Lender s Specified Discount Prepayment Response given pursuant to the foregoing clause (2); provided that, if the aggregate Outstanding Amount of Term Loans accepted for prepayment by all Discount Prepayment
Accepting Lenders exceeds the Specified Discount Prepayment Amount, such prepayment shall be made pro rata among the Discount Prepayment Accepting Lenders in accordance with the respective Outstanding Amounts accepted to be prepaid by each such
Discount Prepayment Accepting Lender and the Administrative Agent (in consultation with the Borrower and subject to rounding requirements of the Administrative Agent made in its reasonable discretion) will calculate such proration (the
 Specified Discount Proration ). The Administrative Agent shall promptly, and in any case within three Business Days following the Specified Discount Prepayment Response Date, notify I the Borrower of the respective
Lenders responses to such offer, the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date and the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Discounted Term Loan Prepayment and the Tranches to be prepaid, II each Lender of the Discounted Prepayment
Effective Date, and the aggregate Outstanding Amount and the Tranches of all Term Loans to be prepaid at the Specified Discount on such date, and III each Discount Prepayment Accepting Lender of the Specified Discount Proration, if any, and
confirmation of the Outstanding Amount, Tranche and Type of Term Loans of such Lender to be prepaid at the Specified Discount on such date. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of the amounts stated in the foregoing notices to the Borrower
and Lenders shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes absent manifest error. The payment amount specified in such notice to the Borrower shall be due and payable by the Borrower on the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date in accordance with
 Subsection 4.4(l)(vi) below (subject to Subsection 4.4(l)(x) below). 
 120 

(iii) Borrower Solicitation of Discount Range Prepayment
Offers . (1) The Borrower may from time to time solicit Discount Range Prepayment Offers by providing the Administrative Agent with three Business Days (or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent in its
reasonable discretion) notice in the form of a Discount Range Prepayment Notice; provided that I any such solicitation shall be extended, at the sole discretion of the Borrower, to each Lender or to each Lender with respect to
any Tranche on an individual Tranche basis, II any such notice shall specify the maximum aggregate Outstanding Amount of the relevant Term Loans that the Borrower is willing to prepay at a discount (the Discount Range Prepayment
Amount ), the Tranches of Term Loans subject to such offer and the maximum and minimum percentage discounts to par (the Discount Range of the Outstanding Amount of such Term Loans willing to be prepaid by the Borrower, III the Discount Range Prepayment Amount shall be in an aggregate principal amount not less than 5,000,000 and whole increments of 500,000 in excess thereof (or such lower minimum amounts or multiples as may be agreed to by the
Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion), and IV each such solicitation by the Borrower shall remain outstanding through the Discount Range Prepayment Response Date. The Administrative Agent will promptly provide each relevant
Lender with a copy of such Discount Range Prepayment Notice and a form of the Discount Range Prepayment Offer to be submitted by a responding relevant Lender to the Administrative Agent (or its delegate) by no later than 5:00 P.M., New York City
time, on the third Business Day after the date of delivery of such notice to the relevant Lenders (or such later date as may be designated by the Administrative Agent and approved by the Borrower) (the Discount Range Prepayment Response
Date ). Each relevant Lender s Discount Range Prepayment Offer shall be irrevocable and shall specify a discount to par within the Discount Range (the Submitted Discount at which such Lender is willing to allow
prepayment of any or all of its then outstanding Term Loans and the maximum aggregate Outstanding Amount and Tranches of such Term Loans such Lender is willing to have prepaid at the Submitted Discount (the Submitted Amount ). Any
Lender whose Discount Range Prepayment Offer is not received by the Administrative Agent by the Discount Range Prepayment Response Date shall be deemed to have declined to accept a Discounted Term Loan Prepayment of any of its Term Loans at any
discount to their par value within the Discount Range. (2) The Administrative Agent shall review all
Discount Range Prepayment Offers received by it by the Discount Range Prepayment Response Date and will determine (in consultation with the Borrower and subject to rounding requirements of the Administrative Agent made in its reasonable discretion)
the Applicable Discount and Term Loans to be prepaid at such Applicable Discount in accordance with this Subsection 4.4(l)(iii) . The Borrower agrees to accept on the Discount Range Prepayment Response Date all Discount Range Prepayment Offers
received by the Administrative Agent by the Discount Range Prepayment Response Date, in the order from the Submitted Discount that is the largest discount to par to the Submitted Discount that is the smallest discount to par, up to and including the
Submitted Discount that is the smallest discount to par within the Discount Range (such Submitted Discount that is the smallest discount to par being referred to as the Applicable Discount which yields a Discounted Term Loan
Prepayment in an aggregate Outstanding Amount equal to the lesser of I the Discount Range Prepayment Amount and II the sum of all Submitted Amounts. Each Lender that has submitted a Discount Range Prepayment Offer to accept
prepayment at a discount to par that is larger than or equal to the Applicable Discount shall be deemed to have irrevocably consented to prepayment of Term Loans equal to its Submitted Amount (subject to any required proration pursuant to the
following Subsection 4.4(l)(iii)(3) at the Applicable Discount (each such Lender, a Participating Lender ). 
 121 

(3) If there is at least one Participating Lender, the
Borrower will prepay the respective outstanding Term Loans of each Participating Lender in the aggregate Outstanding Amount and of the Tranches specified in such Lender s Discount Range Prepayment Offer at the Applicable Discount;
 provided that if the Submitted Amount by all Participating Lenders offered at a discount to par greater than the Applicable Discount exceeds the Discount Range Prepayment Amount, prepayment of the Outstanding Amount of the relevant Term Loans
for those Participating Lenders whose Submitted Discount is a discount to par greater than or equal to the Applicable Discount (the Identified Participating Lenders shall be made pro rata among the Identified Participating
Lenders in accordance with the Submitted Amount of each such Identified Participating Lender and the Administrative Agent (in consultation with the Borrower and subject to rounding requirements of the Administrative Agent made in its reasonable
discretion) will calculate such proration (the Discount Range Proration ). The Administrative Agent shall promptly, and in any case within three Business Days following the Discount Range Prepayment Response Date, notify w the Borrower of the respective Lenders responses to such solicitation, the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date, the Applicable Discount, and the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Discounted Term Loan Prepayment and the
Tranches to be prepaid, x each Lender of the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date, the Applicable Discount, and the aggregate Outstanding Amount and Tranches of all Term Loans to be prepaid at the Applicable Discount on such date, y each Participating Lender of the aggregate Outstanding Amount and Tranches of such Lender to be prepaid at the Applicable Discount on such date, and z if applicable, each Identified Participating Lender of the Discount
Range Proration. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of the amounts stated in the foregoing notices to the Borrower and Lenders shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes absent manifest error. The payment amount specified in such
notice to the Borrower shall be due and payable by the Borrower on the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date in accordance with Subsection 4.4(l)(vi) below (subject to Subsection 4.4(l)(x) below). 
 122 

(iv) Borrower Solicitation of Discounted Prepayment
Offers . (1) The Borrower may from time to time solicit Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offers by providing the Administrative Agent with three Business Days (or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent in its
reasonable discretion) notice in the form of a Solicited Discounted Prepayment Notice; provided that I any such solicitation shall be extended, at the sole discretion of the Borrower, to each Lender or to each Lender with
respect to any Tranche on an individual Tranche basis, II any such notice shall specify the maximum aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Term Loans and the Tranches of Term Loans the Borrower is willing to prepay at a discount (the
 Solicited Discounted Prepayment Amount ), III the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Amount shall be in an aggregate principal amount not less than 5,000,000 and whole increments of 500,000 in excess thereof (or such lower
minimum amounts or multiples as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion), and IV each such solicitation by the Borrower shall remain outstanding through the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Response Date.
The Administrative Agent will promptly provide each relevant Lender with a copy of such Solicited Discounted Prepayment Notice and a form of the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offer to be submitted by a responding Lender to the Administrative Agent
(or its delegate) by no later than 5:00 P.M., New York City time on the third Business Day after the date of delivery of such notice to the relevant Lenders (or such later date as may be designated by the Administrative Agent and approved by the
Borrower) (the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Response Date ). Each Lender s Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offer shall x be irrevocable, y remain outstanding until the Acceptance Date and z specify both a discount to par (the Offered Discount at which such Lender is willing to allow prepayment of its then outstanding Term Loans and the maximum aggregate Outstanding Amount and Tranches of such Term
Loans (the Offered Amount such Lender is willing to have prepaid at the Offered Discount. Any Lender whose Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offer is not received by the Administrative Agent by the Solicited Discounted Prepayment
Response Date shall be deemed to have declined prepayment of any of its Term Loans at any discount to their par value. 
 (2) The Administrative Agent shall promptly provide the Borrower with a copy of all Solicited Discounted
Prepayment Offers received by it by the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Response Date. The Borrower shall review all such Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offers and select, at its sole discretion, the smallest of the Offered Discounts specified by
the relevant responding Lenders in the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offers that the Borrower is willing to accept (the Acceptable Discount ), if any; provided that the Acceptable Discount shall not be an Offered Discount
that is larger than the smallest Offered Discount for which the sum of all Offered Amounts affiliated with Offered Discounts that are larger than or equal to such smallest Offered Discount would, if purchased at such smallest Offered Discount, yield
an amount at least equal to the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Amount. If the Borrower elects to accept any Offered Discount as the Acceptable Discount, then as soon as practicable after the determination of the Acceptable Discount, but in no event
later than by the third Business Day after the date of receipt by the Borrower from the Administrative Agent of a copy of all Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offers pursuant to the first sentence of this clause (2) (the Acceptance
Date ), the Borrower shall submit an Acceptance and Prepayment Notice to the Administrative Agent setting forth the Acceptable Discount. If the Administrative Agent shall fail to receive an Acceptance and Prepayment Notice from the Borrower
by the Acceptance Date, the Borrower shall be deemed to have rejected all Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offers. 
 123 

(3) Based upon the Acceptable Discount and the Solicited
Discounted Prepayment Offers received by the Administrative Agent by the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Response Date, within three Business Days after receipt of an Acceptance and Prepayment Notice (the Discounted Prepayment Determination
Date ), the Administrative Agent will determine (in consultation with the Borrower and subject to rounding requirements of the Administrative Agent made in its reasonable discretion) the aggregate Outstanding Amount and the Tranches of Term
Loans (the Acceptable Prepayment Amount to be prepaid by the Borrower at the Acceptable Discount in accordance with this Subsection 4.4(l)(iv) . If the Borrower elects to accept any Acceptable Discount, then the
Borrower agrees to accept all Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offers received by the Administrative Agent by the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Response Date, in the order from largest Offered Discount to smallest Offered Discount, up to and
including the Acceptable Discount. Each Lender that has submitted a Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offer to accept prepayment at an Offered Discount that is greater than or equal to the Acceptable Discount shall be deemed to have irrevocably
consented to prepayment of Term Loans equal to its Offered Amount (subject to any required proration pursuant to the following sentence) at the Acceptable Discount (each such Lender, a Qualifying Lender ). The Borrower shall prepay
outstanding Term Loans pursuant to this Subsection 4.4(l)(iv) to each Qualifying Lender in the aggregate Outstanding Amount and of the Tranches specified in such Lender s Solicited Discounted Prepayment Offer at the Acceptable Discount;
 provided that if the aggregate Offered Amount by all Qualifying Lenders whose Offered Discount is greater than or equal to the Acceptable Discount exceeds the Solicited Discounted Prepayment Amount, prepayment of the Outstanding Amount of the
Term Loans for those Qualifying Lenders whose Offered Discount is greater than or equal to the Acceptable Discount (the Identified Qualifying Lenders shall be made pro rata among the Identified Qualifying Lenders in accordance
with the Offered Amount of each such Identified Qualifying Lender and the Administrative Agent (in consultation with the Borrower and subject to rounding requirements of the Administrative Agent made in its reasonable discretion) will calculate such
proration (the Solicited Discount Proration ). On or prior to the Discounted Prepayment Determination Date, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify w the Borrower of the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date and
Acceptable Prepayment Amount comprising the Discounted Term Loan Prepayment and the Tranches to be prepaid, x each Lender of the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date, the Acceptable Discount, and the Acceptable Prepayment Amount of all
Term Loans and the Tranches to be prepaid at the Applicable Discount on such date, y each Qualifying Lender of the aggregate Outstanding Amount and the Tranches of such Lender to be prepaid at the Acceptable Discount on such date, and z if applicable, each Identified Qualifying Lender of the Solicited Discount Proration. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of the amounts stated in the foregoing notices to the Borrower and Lenders shall be conclusive and
binding for all purposes absent manifest error. The payment amount specified in such notice to the Borrower shall be due and payable by the Borrower on the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date in accordance with Subsection 4.4(l)(vi) below
(subject to Subsection 4.4(l)(x) below). 
 124 

(v) Expenses . In connection with any Discounted Term
Loan Prepayment, the Borrower and the Lenders acknowledge and agree that the Administrative Agent may require as a condition to any Discounted Term Loan Prepayment, the payment of reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses from the Borrower in
connection therewith. (vi) Payment . If any Term Loan is prepaid in accordance with
 Subsections 4.4(l)(ii) through (iv) above, the Borrower shall prepay such Term Loans on the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date. The Borrower shall make such prepayment to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the
Discount Prepayment Accepting Lenders, Participating Lenders, or Qualifying Lenders, as applicable, at the Administrative Agent s Office in immediately available funds not later than 11:00 A.M., New York City time, on the Discounted Prepayment
Effective Date and all such prepayments shall be applied to the remaining principal installments of the Term Loans in inverse order of maturity. The Term Loans so prepaid shall be accompanied by all accrued and unpaid interest on the par principal
amount so prepaid up to, but not including, the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date. Each prepayment of the outstanding Term Loans pursuant to this Subsection 4.4(l) shall be paid to the Discount Prepayment Accepting Lenders, Participating
Lenders, or Qualifying Lenders, as applicable. The aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Tranches of the Term Loans outstanding shall be deemed reduced by the full par value of the aggregate Outstanding Amount of the Tranches of Term Loans prepaid on
the Discounted Prepayment Effective Date in any Discounted Term Loan Prepayment. The Lenders hereby agree that, in connection with a prepayment of Term Loans pursuant to this Subsection 4.4(l) and notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in this Agreement, (i) interest in respect of the Term Loans may be made on a non-pro rata basis among the Lenders holding such Term Loans to reflect the payment of accrued interest to certain Lenders as provided in this Subsection
4.4(l)(vi) and ii all subsequent prepayments and repayments of the Term Loans (except as otherwise contemplated by this Agreement) shall be made on a pro rata basis among the respective Lenders based upon the then outstanding
principal amounts of the Term Loans then held by the respective Lenders after giving effect to any prepayment pursuant to this Subsection 4.4(l) as if made at par. It is also understood and agreed that prepayments pursuant to this
 Subsection 4.4(l) shall not be subject to Subsection 4.4(a) , or, for the avoidance of doubt, Subsection 11.7(a) or the pro rata allocation requirements of Subsection 4.8(a) . 
 (vii) Other Procedures . To the extent not expressly provided for herein, each Discounted Term Loan
Prepayment shall be consummated pursuant to procedures consistent with the provisions in this Subsection 4.4(l) , established by the Administrative Agent acting in its reasonable discretion and as reasonably agreed by the Borrower. 
 125 

(viii) Notice . Notwithstanding anything in any Loan
Document to the contrary, for purposes of this Subsection 4.4(l) , each notice or other communication required to be delivered or otherwise provided to the Administrative Agent (or its delegate) shall be deemed to have been given upon the
Administrative Agent s (or its delegate s) actual receipt during normal business hours of such notice or communication; provided that any notice or communication actually received outside of normal business hours shall be deemed to
have been given as of the opening of business on the next Business Day. (ix) Actions of Administrative
Agent . Each of the Borrower and the Lenders acknowledges and agrees that the Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties under this Subsection 4.4(l) by itself or through any Affiliate of the Administrative Agent and
expressly consents to any such delegation of duties by the Administrative Agent to such Affiliate and the performance of such delegated duties by such Affiliate. The exculpatory provisions in this Agreement shall apply to each Affiliate of the
Administrative Agent and its respective activities in connection with any Discounted Term Loan Prepayment provided for in this Subsection 4.4(l) as well as to activities of the Administrative Agent in connection with any Discounted Term Loan
Prepayment provided for in this Subsection 4.4(l) . (x) Revocation . The Borrower shall have
the right, by written notice to the Administrative Agent, to revoke in full (but not in part) its offer to make a Discounted Term Loan Prepayment and rescind the applicable Specified Discount Prepayment Notice, Discount Range Prepayment Notice or
Solicited Discounted Prepayment Notice therefor at its discretion at any time on or prior to the applicable Specified Discount Prepayment Response Date (and if such offer is so revoked, any failure by the Borrower to make any prepayment to a Lender
pursuant to this Subsection 4.4(l) shall not constitute a Default or Event of Default under Subsection 9.1 or otherwise). 
 (xi) No Obligation . This Subsection 4.4(l) shall not i require the Borrower to
undertake any prepayment pursuant to this Subsection 4.4(l) or ii limit or restrict the Borrower from making voluntary prepayments of the Term Loans in accordance with the other provisions of this Agreement. 
 4.5 Administrative Agent s Fee; Other Fees . (a) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent the
fees set forth in the last paragraph under the heading Term Loan Facility Fees of the Fee Letter on the payment dates set forth therein. 
 (b) 
 (i) If, on or prior to the six-month anniversary of the Closing Date, the Borrower makes an optional prepayment
or mandatory prepayment pursuant to Subsection 4.4(e)(ii)(A) of all or a portion of the Original Initial Term Loans in an amount equal to the Net Cash Proceeds received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary from its incurrence of new
Indebtedness under first lien secured bank financing in a Repricing Transaction, the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable account of each Lender, a prepayment premium of 1.0 of the aggregate principal amount of Original
Initial Term Loans being prepaid. If, on or prior to the six-month anniversary of the Closing Date, any Lender is replaced pursuant to Subsection 11.1(g) in connection with any amendment of this Agreement (including in connection with any
refinancing transaction permitted under Subsection 11.6(g) to replace the Original Initial Term Loans) that results in a Repricing Transaction, such Lender (and not any Person who replaces such Lender pursuant to Subsection 2.10(e) or
 11.1(g) shall receive a fee equal to 1.0 of the principal amount of the Original Initial Term Loans of such Lender assigned to a replacement Lender pursuant to Subsection 2.10(e) or 11.1(g) . 
 126 

(ii) If, prior to the date that is six months after the
First Amendment Effective Date), the Borrower makes an optional prepayment or mandatory prepayment pursuant to Subsection 4.4(e)(ii)(A) of all or a portion of the Tranche B Term Loans in an amount equal to the Net Cash Proceeds received by
the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary from its incurrence of new Indebtedness under first lien secured bank financing in a Repricing Transaction, the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent, for the ratable account of each Lender, a
prepayment premium of 1.0 of the aggregate principal amount of Tranche B Term Loans being prepaid. If, prior to the date that is six months after the First Amendment Effective Date, any Lender is replaced pursuant to Subsection 11.1(g) in
connection with any amendment of this Agreement (including in connection with any refinancing transaction permitted under Subsection 11.6(g) to replace the Tranche B Term Loans) that results in a Repricing Transaction, such Lender (and not
any Person who replaces such Lender pursuant to Subsection 2.10(e) or 11.1(g) shall receive a fee equal to 1.0 of the principal amount of the Tranche B Term Loans of such Lender assigned to a replacement Lender pursuant to
 Subsection 2.10(e) or 11.1(g) . 4.6 Computation of Interest and Fees . (a) Interest (other than
interest based on the Base Rate) shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year for the actual days elapsed; and interest based on the Base Rate shall be calculated on the basis of a 365-day year (or 366-day year, as the case may be) for the
actual days elapsed. The Administrative Agent shall as soon as practicable notify the Borrower and the affected Lenders of each determination of an Adjusted
LIBOR a Term SOFR Rate. Any change in the interest
rate on a Loan resulting from a change in the Alternate Base Rate or the Statutory Reserves shall
become effective as of the opening of business on the day on which such change becomes effective. The Administrative Agent shall as soon as practicable notify the Borrower and the affected Lenders of the effective date and the amount of each such
change in interest rate. (b) Each determination of an interest rate by the Administrative Agent pursuant to any
provision of this Agreement shall be conclusive and binding on the Borrower and the Lenders in the absence of manifest error. The Administrative Agent shall, at the request of the Borrower or any Lender, deliver to the Borrower or such Lender a
statement showing in reasonable detail the calculations used by the Administrative Agent in determining any interest rate pursuant to Subsection 4.1 , excluding any
 LIBOR Rate which is based upon the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service page and any ABR Loan which is based
upon the Alternate Base Rate. (c) Upon the request of the Administrative Agent, each Reference Bank (whether or
not currently a Lender hereunder) agrees that, if such Reference Bank is currently providing quotes for deposits in Dollars to leading banks in the London interbank market, it will promptly (and no later than the Business Day following any such
request) supply the Administrative Agent with the rate quoted by such Reference Bank to leading banks in the London interbank market two Business Days before the first day of the relevant Interest Period for deposits in Dollars of a duration equal
to the duration of such Interest Period. The Borrower agrees to keep confidential the rate quoted by any Reference Bank and provided to it or the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Subsection 4.6(c) ; provided, that such rates may be
disclosed to i to the Sponsor, CD R, the Investors, any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle, the Borrower, any Restricted Subsidiary and to their respective officers, directors, employees, attorneys, accountants and advisors on a
confidential and need-to-know basis, ii if the applicable Reference Bank consents to such proposed disclosure (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) or iii to the extent necessary in connection with the exercise
of any remedy or enforcement of any rights. 
 127 

4.7 Inability to Determine Interest Rate . 
 (a)
 If, prior to the first day of any Interest Period, the Administrative Agent shall have determined (which determination shall be conclusive and binding upon the Borrower) that, by reason of
circumstances affecting the relevant market, adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Adjusted LIBOR Term SOFR Rate with respect to any Eurodollar Term SOFR
Rate Loan for such Interest Period (the Affected Eurodollar Term SOFR Rate ), the Administrative Agent shall give
facsimile or telephonic notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders as soon as practicable thereafter. If such notice is given a any
 Eurodollar Term
SOFR Rate Loans the rate of interest applicable to which is based on the Affected
 Eurodollar Term
SOFR Rate requested to be made on the first day of such Interest Period shall be made as ABR Loans, b [reserved], c [reserved] and d any Loans that were
to have been converted on the first day of such Interest Period to or continued as Eurodollar Term SOFR Rate Loans in Dollars the rate of interest applicable to which
is based upon the Affected
 Eurodollar Term
SOFR Rate shall be converted to or continued as ABR Loans. Until such notice has been withdrawn by the Administrative Agent, no further Eurodollar Term SOFR
Rate Loans the rate of interest applicable to which is based upon the Affected Eurodollar Term SOFR Rate shall be made or continued as such, nor shall the
Borrower have the right to convert ABR Loans to
 Eurodollar Term
SOFR Rate Loans, the rate of interest applicable to which is based upon the Affected
 Eurodollar Term
SOFR Rate. (b) In connection with the use, implementation or administration of Term SOFR Rate or SOFR, the Administrative Agent will have
the right to make the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time with the consent of the Borrower and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments adopting or implementing such
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the
effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. 
 128 

4.8 Pro Rata Treatment and Payments . 
 (a) Except as expressly otherwise provided herein, each payment (including each prepayment, but excluding payments made
pursuant to Subsection 2.8 , 2.9 , 2.10 , 2.11 , 4.5(b) , 4.9 , 4.10 , 4.11 , 4.12 , 4.13(d) , 4.14 , 11.1(g) or 11.6 by the Borrower on account of principal of and
interest on account of any Loans of a given Tranche (other than v payments in respect of any difference in the Applicable Margin, Adjusted
LIBOR Term SOFR Rate or Alternate Base Rate in
respect of any Tranche, w any payments pursuant to Subsection 4.4(e) to the extent declined by any Lender in accordance with Subsection 4.4(h) , x any payments pursuant to Subsection 4.4(l) which shall
be allocated as set forth in Subsection 4.4(l) and y any prepayments pursuant to Subsection 11.6(h)(i)(2) shall be allocated by the Administrative Agent pro rata according to the respective outstanding principal amounts
of such Loans of such Tranche then held by the respective Lenders; provided that a Lender may, at its option, and if agreed by the Borrower, exchange such Lender s portion of a Term Loan to be prepaid for Rollover Indebtedness, in lieu
of such Lender s pro rata portion of such prepayment, pursuant to the last sentence of Subsection 4.4(g) . All payments (including prepayments) to be made by the Borrower hereunder, whether on account of principal, interest, fees or
otherwise, shall be made without set-off or counterclaim and shall be made on or prior to the time expressly required hereunder or under such other Loan Document for such payment (or, if no such time is expressly required, prior to 2:00 P.M., New
York City time), on the due date thereof to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders holding the relevant Loans, the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, or the Other Representatives, as the case may be, at the Administrative
Agent s office specified in Subsection 11.2 , in Dollars and in immediately available funds. Payments received by the Administrative Agent after such time shall be deemed to have been received on the next Business Day. The
Administrative Agent shall distribute such payments to such Lenders or Other Representatives, as the case may be, if any such payment is received prior to 2:00 P.M., New York City time, on a Business Day, in like funds as received prior to the end
of such Business Day and otherwise the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to such Lenders or Other Representatives, as the case may be, on the next succeeding Business Day. If any payment hereunder (other than payments on the Eurodollar Term SOFR
Rate Loans) becomes due and payable on a day other than a Business Day, the maturity of such payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, with respect to payments of
principal, interest thereon shall be payable at the then applicable rate during such extension. If any payment on a Eurodollar Term SOFR Rate Loan becomes due and payable on a day other than a
Business Day, the maturity of such payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day (and, with respect to payments of principal, interest thereon shall be payable at the then applicable rate during such extension) unless the result of
such extension would be to extend such payment into another calendar month, in which event such payment shall be made on the immediately preceding Business Day. This Subsection 4.8(a) may be amended in accordance with Subsection
11.1(d) to the extent necessary to reflect differing amounts payable, and priorities of payments, to Lenders participating in any new Tranches added pursuant to Subsections 2.8 , 2.10, 2.11 and 11.1(h) , as applicable, or
pursuant to any other credit or letter of credit facility added pursuant to Subsection 2.8 or 11.1(e) . 
 (b) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have been notified in writing by any Lender prior to a borrowing that such Lender
will not make the amount that would constitute its share of such borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender is making such amount available to the Administrative Agent, and the
Administrative Agent may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower in respect of such borrowing a corresponding amount. If such amount is not made available to the Administrative Agent by the required time on the Borrowing
Date therefor, such Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent on demand, such amount with interest thereon at a rate equal to the daily average Federal Funds Effective Rate for the period until such Lender makes such amount immediately available
to the Administrative Agent. A certificate of the Administrative Agent submitted to any Lender with respect to any amounts owing under this Subsection 4.8(b) shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. If such Lender s share of
such borrowing is not made available to the Administrative Agent by such Lender within three Business Days of such Borrowing Date, x the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower of the failure of such Lender to make such amount
available to the Administrative Agent and the Administrative Agent shall also be entitled to recover such amount with interest thereon at the rate per annum applicable to ABR Loans hereunder on demand from the Borrower; provided that the
foregoing notice and recovery provisions shall not apply to the funding of Initial Term Loans on the Closing Date and y then the Borrower may, without waiving or limiting any rights or remedies it may have against such Lender hereunder
or under applicable law or otherwise, borrow a like amount on an unsecured basis from any commercial bank for a period ending on the date upon which such Lender does in fact make such borrowing available. 
 129 

4.9 Illegality . Notwithstanding any other provision herein, if the
adoption of or any change in any Requirement of Law or in the interpretation or application thereof in each case occurring after the Closing Date shall make it unlawful for any Lender to make or maintain any Eurodollar Term SOFR
Rate Loans as contemplated by this Agreement Affected Loans ), a such Lender shall promptly give written notice of such circumstances to the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent (which notice shall be withdrawn whenever such circumstances no longer exist), b the commitment of such Lender hereunder to make Affected Loans, continue Affected Loans as such and convert an ABR Loan to an
Affected Loan shall forthwith be cancelled and, until such time as it shall no longer be unlawful for such Lender to make or maintain such Affected Loans, such Lender shall then have a commitment only to make an ABR Loan when an Affected Loan is
requested, c such Lender s Loans then outstanding as Affected Loans, if any, shall be converted automatically to ABR Loans on the respective last days of the then current Interest Periods with respect to such Affected Loans or
within such earlier period as required by law and d such Lender s then outstanding Affected Loans, if any, not converted to ABR Loans pursuant to clause (c) of this Subsection 4.9 shall, at the option of the Borrower i be prepaid with accrued interest thereon on the last day of the then current Interest Period with respect thereto (or such earlier date as may be required by any such Requirement of Law) or ii bear interest at an
alternate rate which reflects such Lender s cost of funding such Loans (which rate, if less than zero, shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement), as reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent, plus the Applicable Margin
hereunder. If any such conversion or prepayment of an Affected Loan occurs on a day which is not the last day of the then current Interest Period with respect thereto, the Borrower shall pay to such Lender such amounts, if any, as may be required
pursuant to Subsection 4.12 . 4.10 Requirements of Law . (a) If the adoption of or any change in
any Requirement of Law or in the interpretation or application thereof applicable to any Lender, or compliance by any Lender with any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any central bank or other Governmental
Authority, in each case made subsequent to the Closing Date (or, if later, the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender): 
 (i) shall subject such Lender to any Tax of any kind whatsoever with respect to any Eurodollar Term SOFR
Rate Loans made or maintained by it or its obligation to make or maintain Eurodollar Term SOFR Rate Loans, or change the basis of taxation of payments to
such Lender in respect thereof, in each case, except for Non-Excluded Taxes, Taxes imposed by FATCA and Taxes measured by or imposed upon net income, or franchise Taxes, or Taxes measured by or imposed upon overall capital or net worth, or branch
Taxes (in the case of such capital, net worth or branch Taxes, imposed in lieu of such net income Tax), of such Lender or its applicable lending office, branch, or any affiliate thereof; 
 130 

(ii) shall impose, modify or hold applicable any reserve,
special deposit, compulsory loan or similar requirement against assets held by, deposits or other liabilities in or for the account of, advances, loans or other extensions of credit by, or any other acquisition of funds by, any office of such Lender
which is not otherwise included in the determination of the
 LIBOR Term
SOFR Rate, as applicable, hereunder; or (iii)
shall impose on such Lender any other condition (excluding any Tax of any kind whatsoever); and the result of any of the foregoing is to
increase the cost to such Lender, by an amount which such Lender deems to be material, of making, converting into, continuing or maintaining Eurodollar Term SOFR Rate Loans or to reduce any amount receivable hereunder in
respect thereof, then, in any such case, upon notice to the Borrower from such Lender, through the Administrative Agent in accordance herewith, the Borrower shall promptly pay such Lender, upon its demand, any additional amounts necessary to
compensate such Lender for such increased cost or reduced amount receivable with respect to such Eurodollar Term SOFR Rate Loans; provided that, in any such case, the
Borrower may elect to convert the
 Eurodollar Term
SOFR Rate Loans made by such Lender hereunder to ABR Loans by giving the Administrative Agent at least one Business Day s (or such shorter period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent
in its reasonable discretion) notice of such election, in which case the Borrower shall promptly pay to such Lender, upon demand, without duplication, amounts theretofore required to be paid to such Lender pursuant to this Subsection 4.10(a) 
and such amounts, if any, as may be required pursuant to Subsection 4.12 . If any Lender becomes entitled to claim any additional amounts pursuant to this Subsection 4.10(a) , it shall provide prompt notice thereof to the Borrower,
through the Administrative Agent, certifying x that one of the events described in this clause (a) has occurred and describing in reasonable detail the nature of such event, y as to the increased cost or reduced
amount resulting from such event and z as to the additional amount demanded by such Lender and a reasonably detailed explanation of the calculation thereof. Such a certificate as to any additional amounts payable pursuant to this
 Subsection 4.10(a) submitted by such Lender, through the Administrative Agent, to the Borrower shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Subsection 4.10(a) , the Borrower
shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to this Subsection 4.10(a) i for any amounts incurred more than six months prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Borrower of such Lender s intention to claim
compensation therefor or ii for any amounts, if such Lender is applying this provision to the Borrower in a manner that is inconsistent with its application of increased cost or other similar provisions under other
syndicated credit agreements to similarly situated borrowers. This covenant shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 
 131 

(b) If any Lender shall have determined that the adoption of or any change
in any Requirement of Law regarding capital adequacy or liquidity or in the interpretation or application thereof or compliance by such Lender or any corporation controlling such Lender with any request or directive regarding capital adequacy or
liquidity (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority, in each case, made subsequent to the Closing Date, does or shall have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or such corporation s
capital as a consequence of such Lender s obligations hereunder to a level below that which such Lender or such corporation could have achieved but for such change or compliance (taking into consideration such Lender s or such
corporation s policies with respect to capital adequacy or liquidity) by an amount deemed by such Lender to be material, then from time to time, within ten Business Days after submission by such Lender to the Borrower (through the
Administrative Agent) of a written request therefor certifying x that one of the events described in this clause (b) has occurred and describing in reasonable detail the nature of such event, y as to the reduction of
the rate of return on capital resulting from such event and z as to the additional amount or amounts demanded by such Lender or corporation and a reasonably detailed explanation of the calculation thereof, the Borrower shall pay to
such Lender such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or corporation for such reduction. Such a certificate as to any additional amounts payable pursuant to this Subsection 4.10(b) submitted by such Lender, through the
Administrative Agent, to the Borrower shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Subsection 4.10(b) , the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to this
 Subsection 4.10(b) i for any amounts incurred more than six months prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Borrower of such Lender s intention to claim compensation therefor or ii for any amounts, if
such Lender is applying this provision to the Borrower in a manner that is inconsistent with its application of increased cost or other similar provisions under other syndicated credit agreements to similarly situated borrowers. This
covenant shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, and all
requests, rules, regulations, guidelines and directives promulgated thereunder or issued in connection therewith, and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking
Supervision (or any successor authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, in each case shall be deemed to have been enacted, adopted or issued, as applicable, subsequent to the Closing Date
for all purposes herein. 4.11 Taxes . (a) Except as provided below in this Subsection 4.11 or as
required by law (which for purposes of this Subsection 4.11 shall include FATCA), all payments made by the Borrower or the Agents under this Agreement and any Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without deduction or withholding for or
on account of any Taxes; provided that the Borrower or the Agents may withhold from any payment made under this Agreement or any Notes to or for the benefit of any Person who is not a United States Person any U.S. federal withholding tax that
would apply to such payment if all payments of interest (including original issue discount), fees and commissions under this Agreement and any Notes were treated as income from sources within the United States for U.S. federal income tax purposes;
 provided further that if any Non-Excluded Taxes are required to be withheld from any amounts payable by the Borrower to any Agent or any Lender hereunder or under any Notes, the amounts so payable by the Borrower shall be increased to the
extent necessary to yield to such Agent or such Lender (after payment of all Non-Excluded Taxes) interest or any such other amounts payable hereunder at the rates or in the amounts specified in this Agreement; provided , however , that
the Borrower shall be entitled to deduct and withhold, and the Borrower shall not be required to indemnify for, any Non-Excluded Taxes, and any such amounts payable by the Borrower to or for the account of any Agent or Lender shall not be increased x if such Agent or Lender fails to comply with the requirements of clause (b), (c), (d) or (e) of this Subsection 4.11 or with the requirements of Subsection 4.13 , or y with respect to any
Non-Excluded Taxes imposed in connection with the payment of any fees paid under this Agreement unless such Non-Excluded Taxes are imposed as a result of a Change in Law, or z with respect to any Non-Excluded Taxes imposed by the
United States or any state or political subdivision thereof, unless such Non-Excluded Taxes are imposed as a result of a change in treaty, law or regulation that occurred after such Agent became an Agent hereunder or such Lender became a Lender
hereunder (or, if such Agent or Lender is a non-U.S. intermediary or flow-through entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, after the relevant beneficiary or member of such Agent or Lender became such a beneficiary or member, if later) (any such
change, at such time, a Change in Law ). Whenever any Non-Excluded Taxes are payable by the Borrower, as promptly as possible thereafter the Borrower shall send to the Administrative Agent for its own account or for the account of
the respective Lender or Agent, as the case may be, a certified copy of an original official receipt received by the Borrower showing payment thereof. If the Borrower fails to pay any Non-Excluded Taxes when due to the appropriate Governmental
Authority in accordance with applicable law or the Borrower fails to remit to the Administrative Agent the required receipts or other required documentary evidence, the Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Agents
for any incremental Taxes, interest or penalties that may become payable by the Administrative Agent or any Lender as a result of any such failure. The agreements in this Subsection 4.11 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the
payment of the Term Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 
 132 

(b) Each Agent and each Lender that is not a United States Person shall:
 (i) (1) on or before the date of any payment by the Borrower under this Agreement or any Notes to, or for
the account of, such Agent or Lender, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent A two accurate and complete original signed Internal Revenue Service Forms W-8BEN-E (certifying that it is a resident of the applicable country
within the meaning of the income tax treaty between the United States and that country) or Forms W-8ECI, or successor applicable form, as the case may be, in each case certifying that it is entitled to receive all payments under this Agreement and
any Notes without deduction or withholding of any U.S. federal income taxes, and B such other forms, documentation or certifications, as the case may be, certifying that it is entitled to an exemption from United States backup
withholding tax with respect to payments under this Agreement and any Notes; (2) deliver to the Borrower
and the Administrative Agent two further accurate and complete original signed forms or certifications provided in Subsection 4.11(b)(i)(1) on or before the date that any such form or certification expires or becomes obsolete and after the
occurrence of any event requiring a change in the most recent form or certificate previously delivered by it to the Borrower; 
 (3) obtain such extensions of time for filing and completing such forms or certifications as may reasonably be
requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent; and 
 133 

(4) deliver, to the extent legally entitled to do so, upon
reasonable request by the Borrower, to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent such other forms as may be reasonably required in order to establish the legal entitlement of such Agent or such Lender to an exemption from, or reduction of,
withholding with respect to payments under this Agreement and any Notes, provided that, in determining the reasonableness of a request under this clause (4), such Lender shall be entitled to consider the cost (to the extent unreimbursed by
any Loan Party) which would be imposed on such Lender of complying with such request; or (ii) in the case
of any such Lender that is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code and is claiming the so-called portfolio interest exemption , 
 (1) represent to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent that it is not A a bank within the
meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, B a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or C a controlled foreign corporation 
described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code; (2) on or before the date of any payment by the
Borrower under this Agreement or any Notes to, or for the account of, such Lender, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, A two certificates substantially in the form of Exhibit D hereto (any such certificate a
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and B two accurate and complete original signed Internal Revenue Service Forms W-8BEN-E, or successor applicable form, certifying to such Lender s legal entitlement at the date
of such form to an exemption from U.S. withholding tax under the provisions of Section 871(h) or Section 881(c) of the Code with respect to payments to be made under this Agreement and any Notes and C such other forms,
documentation or certifications, as the case may be certifying that it is entitled to an exemption from United States backup withholding tax with respect to payments under this Agreement and any Notes (and shall also deliver to the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent two further accurate and complete original signed forms or certificates on or before the date it expires or becomes obsolete and after the occurrence of any event requiring a change in the most recently provided form or
certificate and, if necessary, obtain any extensions of time reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent for filing and completing such forms or certificates); and 
 (3) deliver, to the extent legally entitled to do so, upon reasonable request by the Borrower, to the Borrower
and the Administrative Agent such other forms as may be reasonably required in order to establish the legal entitlement of such Lender to an exemption from, or reduction of, withholding with respect to payments under this Agreement and any Notes,
 provided that, in determining the reasonableness of a request under this clause (3), such Lender shall be entitled to consider the cost (to the extent unreimbursed by the Borrower) which would be imposed on such Lender of complying with such
request; or 
 134 

(iii) in the case of any such Agent or Lender that is a
non-U.S. intermediary or flow-through entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (1) on or before the
date of any payment by the Borrower under this Agreement or any Notes to, or for the account of, such Agent or Lender, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent two accurate and complete original signed Internal Revenue Service Forms
W-8IMY, or successor applicable form, and, if any beneficiary or member of such Agent or such Lender is claiming the so-called portfolio interest exemption , I represent to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent that such
Agent or such Lender is not A a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, B a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or C a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code, and II also deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent two U.S. Tax Compliance Certificates certifying to such
Agent s or such Lender s legal entitlement at the date of such certificate to an exemption from U.S. withholding tax under the provisions of Section 881(c) of the Code with respect to payments to be made under this Agreement and any
Notes; and (A) with respect to each beneficiary or member of such Agent or Lender that is not claiming
the so-called portfolio interest exemption , also deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent I two accurate and complete original signed Internal Revenue Service Forms W-8BEN-E (certifying that such beneficiary or
member is a resident of the applicable country within the meaning of the income tax treaty between the United States and that country), Forms W-8ECI or Forms W-9, or successor applicable form, as the case may be, in each case so that each such
beneficiary or member is entitled to receive all payments under this Agreement and any Notes without deduction or withholding of any U.S. federal income taxes and II such other forms, documentation or certifications, as the case may be,
certifying that each such beneficiary or member is entitled to an exemption from United States backup withholding tax with respect to all payments under this Agreement and any Notes; and 
 (B) with respect to each beneficiary or member of such Lender that is claiming the so-called portfolio
interest exemption , I represent to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent that such beneficiary or member is not 1 a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, 2 a 10
percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or 3 a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code, and II also deliver
to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent two U.S. Tax Compliance Certificates from each beneficiary or member and two accurate and complete original signed Internal Revenue Service Forms W-8BEN-E, or successor applicable form, certifying to such
beneficiary s or member s legal entitlement at the date of such certificate to an exemption from U.S. withholding tax under the provisions of Section 871(h) or Section 881(c) of the Code with respect to payments to be made under
this Agreement and any Notes, and III also deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent such other forms, documentation or certifications, as the case may be, certifying that it is entitled to an exemption from United States backup
withholding tax with respect to payments under this Agreement and any Notes; 
 135 

(2) deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent two
further accurate and complete original signed forms, certificates or certifications referred to above on or before the date any such form, certificate or certification expires or becomes obsolete, or any beneficiary or member changes, and after the
occurrence of any event requiring a change in the most recently provided form, certificate or certification and obtain such extensions of time reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent for filing and completing such forms,
certificates or certifications; and (3) deliver, to the extent legally entitled to do so, upon reasonable
request by the Borrower, to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent such other forms as may be reasonably required in order to establish the legal entitlement of such Agent or Lender (or beneficiary or member) to an exemption from, or reduction
of, withholding with respect to payments under this Agreement and any Notes, provided that in determining the reasonableness of a request under this clause (3) such Agent or Lender shall be entitled to consider the cost (to the extent
unreimbursed by the Borrower) which would be imposed on such Agent or Lender (or beneficiary or member) of complying with such request; 
 unless, in any such case (other than with respect to United States backup withholding tax), there has been a Change in Law which renders all
such forms inapplicable or which would prevent such Agent or such Lender (or such beneficiary or member) from duly completing and delivering any such form with respect to it and such Agent or such Lender so advises the Borrower and the
Administrative Agent. (c) Each Lender and each Agent, in each case that is a United States Person, shall, on or before
the date of any payment by the Borrower under this Agreement or any Notes to such Lender or Agent, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent two accurate and complete original signed Internal Revenue Service Forms W-9, or successor
applicable form, certifying that such Lender or Agent is a United States Person and that such Lender or Agent is entitled to complete exemption from United States backup withholding tax. 
 136 

(d) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Administrative Agent is not a
United States Person, on or before the date of any payment by the Borrower under this Agreement or any Notes to the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent shall: 
 (i) deliver to the Borrower A two accurate and complete original signed Internal Revenue Service
Forms W-8ECI, or successor applicable form, with respect to any amounts payable to the Administrative Agent for its own account, B two accurate and complete original signed Internal Revenue Service Forms W-8IMY, or successor applicable
form, with respect to any amounts payable to the Administrative Agent for the account of others, certifying that it is a U.S. branch and that the payments it receives for the account of others are not effectively connected with the
conduct of its trade or business in the United States and that it is using such form as evidence of its agreement with the Borrower to be treated as a U.S. person with respect to such payments (and the Borrower and the Administrative Agent agree to
so treat the Administrative Agent as a U.S. person with respect to such payments as contemplated by U.S. Treasury Regulation 1.1441-1(b)(2)(iv)) and C such other forms or certifications as may be sufficient under applicable law
to establish that the Administrative Agent is entitled to receive any payment by the Borrower under this Agreement or any Notes (whether for its own account or for the account of others) without deduction or withholding of any U.S. federal income
taxes; (ii) deliver to the Borrower two further accurate and complete original signed forms or
certifications provided in Subsection 4.11(d)(i) on or before the date that any such form or certification expires or becomes obsolete and after the occurrence of any event requiring a change in the most recent form or certificate previously
delivered by it to the Borrower; and (iii) obtain such extensions of time for filing and completing such
forms or certifications as may reasonably be requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent; unless in any such case (other than
with respect to United States backup withholding tax) there has been a Change in Law which renders all such forms inapplicable or which would prevent the Administrative Agent from duly completing and delivering any such form with respect to it and
the Administrative Agent so advises the Borrower. (e) If a payment made to an Agent or a Lender under any Loan Document
would be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax imposed by FATCA if such Agent or such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA, such Agent or such Lender shall deliver to the Administrative Agent and the
Borrower, at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, such documentation prescribed by applicable law and such additional documentation reasonably requested by
the Administrative Agent or the Borrower as may be necessary for the Administrative Agent and the Borrower to comply with their respective obligations (including any applicable reporting requirements) under FATCA, to determine whether such Agent or
such Lender has complied with such Agent s or such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. For the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall be
permitted to withhold any Taxes imposed by FATCA. 
 137 

4.12 Indemnity . The Borrower agrees to indemnify each Lender in
respect of Extensions of Credit made, or requested to be made, to the Borrower, and to hold each such Lender harmless from any loss or expense which such Lender may sustain or incur (other than through such Lender s bad faith, gross negligence
or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and nonappealable decision) as a consequence of a default by the Borrower in making a borrowing of, conversion into or continuation of Eurodollar Term SOFR
Rate Loans after the Borrower has given a notice requesting the same in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, b default by the Borrower in making any prepayment or
conversion of Eurodollar Loans after the Borrower has given a notice thereof in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement or c the making of a payment or prepayment of Eurodollar Term SOFR
Rate Loans or the conversion of Eurodollar Term SOFR Rate Loans on a day which is not the last day of an Interest
Period with respect thereto. Such indemnification may include an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest which would have accrued on the amount so prepaid, or converted, or not so borrowed, converted or continued, for
the period from the date of such prepayment or conversion or of such failure to borrow, convert or continue to the last day of the applicable Interest Period (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, the Interest Period that
would have commenced on the date of such failure) in each case at the applicable rate of interest for such Eurodollar Term SOFR Rate Loans provided for herein (excluding, however, the
Applicable Margin included therein, if any) over (ii) the amount of interest (as reasonably determined by such Lender) which would have accrued to such Lender on such amount by placing such amount on deposit at the then applicable Term SOFR Rate for a comparable period with leading banks in the interbank eurodollar market . If any Lender becomes entitled to claim any amounts under
the indemnity contained in this Subsection 4.12 , it shall provide prompt notice thereof to the Borrower, through the Administrative Agent, certifying x that one of the events described in clause (a), (b) or (c) has
occurred and describing in reasonable detail the nature of such event, y as to the loss or expense sustained or incurred by such Lender as a consequence thereof and z as to the amount for which such Lender seeks
indemnification hereunder and a reasonably detailed explanation of the calculation thereof. Such a certificate as to any indemnification pursuant to this Subsection 4.12 submitted by such Lender, through the Administrative Agent, to the
Borrower shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within five Business Days after receipt thereof. This covenant shall survive the termination of this
Agreement and the payment of the Term Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 4.13 Certain Rules
Relating to the Payment of Additional Amounts . (a) Upon the request, and at the expense of the Borrower, each Lender and Agent to which the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount pursuant to Subsection 4.10 or 4.11 ,
and any Participant in respect of whose participation such payment is required, shall reasonably afford the Borrower the opportunity to contest, and reasonably cooperate with the Borrower in contesting, the imposition of any Non-Excluded Tax giving
rise to such payment; provided that i such Lender or Agent shall not be required to afford the Borrower the opportunity to so contest unless the Borrower shall have confirmed in writing to such Lender or Agent its obligation to
pay such amounts pursuant to this Agreement and ii the Borrower shall reimburse such Lender or Agent for its reasonable attorneys and accountants fees and disbursements incurred in so cooperating with the Borrower in
contesting the imposition of such Non-Excluded Tax; provided , however , that notwithstanding the foregoing no Lender or Agent shall be required to afford the Borrower the opportunity to contest, or cooperate with the Borrower in
contesting, the imposition of any Non-Excluded Taxes, if such Lender or Agent in its sole discretion in good faith determines that to do so would have an adverse effect on it. 
 (b) If a Lender changes its applicable lending office (other than i pursuant to clause (c) below or ii after an Event of Default under Subsection 9.1(a) or (f) has occurred and is continuing) and the effect of such change, as of the date of such change, would be to cause the Borrower to become obligated to pay any
additional amount under Subsection 4.10 or 4.11 , the Borrower shall not be obligated to pay such additional amount. 
 138 

(c) If a condition or an event occurs which would, or would upon the passage
of time or giving of notice, result in the payment of any additional amount to any Lender or Agent by the Borrower pursuant to Subsection 4.10 or 4.11 or result in Affected Loans or commitments to make Affected Loans being
automatically converted to ABR Loans or Loans bearing an alternate rate of interest or commitments to make ABR Loans or Loans bearing an alternate rate of interest, as the case may be, pursuant to Subsection 4.9 , such Lender or Agent shall
promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and shall take such steps as may reasonably be available to it to mitigate the effects of such condition or event (which shall include efforts to rebook the Loans and Commitments held by such
Lender at another lending office, or through another branch or an affiliate, of such Lender); provided that such Lender or Agent shall not be required to take any step that, in its reasonable judgment, would be materially disadvantageous to
its business or operations or would require it to incur additional costs (unless the Borrower agrees to reimburse such Lender or Agent for the reasonable incremental out-of-pocket costs thereof). 
 (d) If the Borrower shall become obligated to pay additional amounts pursuant to Subsection 4.10 or 4.11 and any
affected Lender shall not have promptly taken steps necessary to avoid the need for payments under Subsection 4.10 or 4.11 or if Affected Loans or commitments to make Affected Loans are automatically converted to ABR Loans or Loans
bearing an alternate rate of interest or commitments to make ABR Loans or Loans bearing an alternate rate of interest, as the case may be, under Subsection 4.9 and any affected Lender shall not have promptly taken steps necessary to avoid the
need for such conversion under Subsection 4.9 , the Borrower shall have the right, for so long as such obligation remains, i with the assistance of the Administrative Agent to seek one or more substitute Lenders reasonably
satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower to purchase the affected Loan or Commitment, in whole or in part, at an aggregate price no less than such Loan s or Commitment s principal amount plus accrued interest, and
assume the affected obligations under this Agreement, or ii so long as no Event of Default under Subsection 9.1(a) or (f) then exists or will exist immediately after giving effect to the respective prepayment, upon
notice to the Administrative Agent to prepay the affected Loan, in whole or in part, subject to Subsection 4.12 , without premium or penalty. In the case of the substitution of a Lender, then, the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the
affected Lender, and any substitute Lender shall execute and deliver an appropriately completed Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to Subsection 11.6(b) to effect the assignment of rights to, and the assumption of obligations by, the
substitute Lender; provided that any fees required to be paid by Subsection 11.6(b) in connection with such assignment shall be paid by the Borrower or the substitute Lender. In the case of a prepayment of an affected Loan, the amount
specified in the notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein, together with any accrued interest to such date on the amount prepaid. In the case of each of the substitution of a Lender and of the prepayment of an affected Loan, the
Borrower shall first pay the affected Lender any additional amounts owing under Subsections 4.10 and 4.11 (as well as any commitment fees and other amounts then due and owing to such Lender, including any amounts under this
 Subsection 4.13 prior to such substitution or prepayment. In the case of the substitution of a Lender pursuant to this Subsection 4.13(d) , if the Lender being replaced does not execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent a duly
completed Assignment and Acceptance and/or any other documentation necessary to reflect such replacement by the later of a the date on which the assignee Lender executes and delivers such Assignment and Acceptance and/or such other
documentation and b the date as of which all obligations of the Borrower owing to such replaced Lender relating to the Loans and participations so assigned shall be paid in full by the assignee Lender and/or the Borrower to such Lender
being replaced, then the Lender being replaced shall be deemed to have executed and delivered such Assignment and Acceptance and/or such other documentation as of such date and the Borrower shall be entitled (but not obligated) to execute and
deliver such Assignment and Acceptance and/or such other documentation on behalf of such Lender. 
 139 

(e) If any Agent or any Lender receives a refund directly attributable to
Taxes for which the Borrower has made additional payments pursuant to Subsection 4.10(a) or 4.11(a) , such Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, shall promptly pay such refund (together with any interest with respect thereto
received from the relevant taxing authority, but net of any reasonable cost incurred in connection therewith) to the Borrower; provided , however , that the Borrower agrees promptly to return such refund (together with any interest with
respect thereto due to the relevant taxing authority) (free of all Non-Excluded Taxes) to such Agent or the applicable Lender, as the case may be, upon receipt of a notice that such refund is required to be repaid to the relevant taxing authority.
 (f) The obligations of any Agent, Lender or Participant under this Subsection 4.13 shall survive the
termination of this Agreement and the payment of the Term Loans and all amounts payable hereunder. 4.14 Defaulting
Lender . Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, if any Revolving Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Revolving Lender is a Defaulting Lender: 
 (a) in determining the Required Lenders, any Lender that at the time is a Defaulting Lender (and the Loans
and/or Incremental Revolving Commitment of such Defaulting Lender) shall be excluded and disregarded; and 
 (b) the Borrower shall have the right, at its sole expense and effort i to seek one or more
Persons reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower to each become a substitute Revolving Lender and assume all or part of the Commitment of any Defaulting Lender and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and any such
substitute Revolving Lender shall execute and deliver, and such Defaulting Lender shall thereupon be deemed to have executed and delivered, an appropriately completed Assignment and Acceptance to effect such substitution or ii so long
as no Event of Default under Subsection 9.1(a) or (f) then exists or will exist immediately after giving effect to the respective prepayment, upon notice to the Administrative Agent, to prepay the Loans and, at the Borrower s
option, terminate the Commitments of such Defaulting Lender, in whole or in part, without premium or penalty. 
 140 

SECTION 5 
 Representations and Warranties 
 To induce the Administrative Agent and each Lender to make the Extensions of Credit requested to be made by it on the Closing
Date and on each other date thereafter on which an Extension of Credit is made, the Borrower with respect to itself and its Restricted Subsidiaries, hereby represents and warrants, on the Closing Date, in each case after giving effect to the
Transactions (solely to the extent required to be true and correct for such Extension of Credit pursuant to Subsection 6.1 ), and on every other date thereafter on which an Extension of Credit is made (solely to the extent required to be true
and correct for such Extension of Credit pursuant to Subsection 6.2 ), to the Administrative Agent and each Lender that: 
 5.1 Financial Condition . (a) i The audited combined balance sheets of the Waterworks Business as of
January 29, 2017 and January 31, 2016 and related statements of operations and cash flows of the Waterworks Business for the fiscal years ended January 29, 2017, January 31, 2016 and February 1, 2015 reported on by and
accompanied by unqualified reports from PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and ii unaudited combined balance sheets and related statements of operations and cash flows of the Waterworks Business for the fiscal quarter ended April 30,
2017, presents fairly, in all material respects, the financial condition as at such dates, and the statements of operations and cash flows of the Waterworks Business for the periods then ended, of the Waterworks Business. All such financial
statements, including the related schedules and notes thereto, have been prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the periods covered thereby (except as approved by a Responsible Officer, and disclosed in any such schedules
and notes). (b) As of the Closing Date, except as set forth in the financial statements referred to in Subsection
5.1(a) , there are no liabilities of any Loan Party of any kind, whether accrued, contingent, absolute, determined, determinable or otherwise, which would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (c) The unaudited pro forma consolidated balance sheet and related unaudited pro forma statement of operations of the
Waterworks Business and its Subsidiaries as of and for the 12-month period ending April 30, 2017, adjusted to give effect (as if such events had occurred on such date for purposes of the balance sheet and at the beginning of such period, for
purposes of the statement of operations), to the consummation of the Transactions, and the Extensions of Credit hereunder on the Closing Date. 
 (d) The Projections have been prepared by management of the Borrower in good faith based upon assumptions believed by
management to be reasonable at the time of preparation thereof (it being understood that such Projections, and the assumptions on which they were based, may or may not prove to be correct). 
 5.2 No Change; Solvent . Since May 2, 2021, there has been no development or event relating to or affecting any
Loan Party which has had or would be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect (after giving effect to i the consummation of the Transactions and the Tranche B Effective Date Transactions, ii the making of the
Extensions of Credit to be made on the Closing Date and the First Amendment Effective Date and the application of the proceeds thereof as contemplated hereby, and iii the payment of actual or estimated fees, expenses, financing costs
and tax payments related to the Transactions and Tranche B Effective Date Transactions contemplated hereby). As of the Closing Date, after giving effect to the consummation of the Transactions to be consummated on the Closing Date, the Borrower,
together with its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, is Solvent. 
 141 

5.3 Corporate Existence; Compliance with Law . Each of the Loan
Parties a is duly organized, validly existing and (to the extent applicable in the relevant jurisdiction) in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or formation, except (other than with respect to the
Borrower), to the extent that the failure to be organized, existing and (to the extent applicable) in good standing would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, b has the legal right to own and operate its
property, to lease the property it operates as lessee and to conduct the business in which it is currently engaged, except to the extent that the failure to have such legal right would not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, c is duly qualified as a foreign corporation or limited liability company and (to the extent applicable in the relevant jurisdiction) in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of
property or the conduct of its business requires such qualification, other than in such jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified and (to the extent applicable) in good standing would not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect and d is in compliance with all Requirements of Law, except to the extent that the failure to comply therewith would not, in the aggregate, be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.4 Corporate Power; Authorization; Enforceable Obligations . Each Loan Party has the corporate or other organizational
power and authority, and the legal right, to make, deliver and perform the Loan Documents to which it is a party and, in the case of the Borrower, to obtain Extensions of Credit hereunder, and each such Loan Party has taken all necessary corporate
or other organizational action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which it is a party and, in the case of the Borrower, to authorize the Extensions of Credit to it, if any, on the terms and conditions of
this Agreement and any Notes. No consent or authorization of, filing with, notice to or other similar act by or in respect of, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is required to be obtained or made by or on behalf of any Loan Party in
connection with the execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability of the Loan Documents to which it is a party or, in the case of the Borrower, with the Extensions of Credit to it, if any, hereunder, except for a consents, authorizations, notices and filings described in Schedule 5.4 , all of which have been obtained or made prior to the Closing Date, b filings to perfect the Liens created by the Security Documents and c consents, authorizations, notices and filings which the failure to obtain or make would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Borrower, and each other
Loan Document to which any Loan Party is a party will be duly executed and delivered on behalf of such Loan Party. This Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower and each other Loan Document to which any Loan Party
is a party when executed and delivered will constitute a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its terms, in each case except as enforceability may be limited by applicable
domestic or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general equitable principles (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at
law). 5.5 No Legal Bar . The execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents by any of the Loan Parties,
the Extensions of Credit hereunder and the use of the proceeds thereof a will not violate any Requirement of Law or Contractual Obligation of such Loan Party in any respect that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect, b will not result in, or require the creation or imposition of any Lien (other than Liens securing the Term Loan Facility Obligations or otherwise permitted hereby) on any of its properties or revenues pursuant to any such
Requirement of Law or Contractual Obligation and c will not violate any provision of the Organizational Documents of such Loan Party or any of the Restricted Subsidiaries, except (other than with respect to the Borrower) as would not
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 142 

5.6 No Material Litigation . No litigation, investigation or
proceeding by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority is pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened by or against the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or against any of their respective properties or revenues, a except as described on Schedule 5.6 , which is so pending or threatened at any time on or prior to the Closing Date and relates to any of the Loan Documents or any of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or b which would be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 5.7 No Default . Neither the
Borrower nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is in default under or with respect to any of its Contractual Obligations in any respect which would be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Since the Closing Date, no Default or
Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 5.8 Ownership of Property; Liens . Each of the Borrower and its
Restricted Subsidiaries has good title in fee simple to, or a valid leasehold interest in, all its material real property located in the United States of America, and good title to, or a valid leasehold interest in, all its other material property
located in the United States of America, except those for which the failure to have such good title or such leasehold interest would not be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, and none of such real or other property is subject to
any Lien, except for Liens permitted hereby (including Permitted Liens). 5.9 Intellectual Property . The Borrower
and each of its Restricted Subsidiaries owns beneficially, or has the legal right to use, all United States and foreign patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications, design registrations and applications, trade names, copyrights,
and rights in know-how and trade secrets necessary for each of them to conduct its business as currently conducted (the Intellectual Property except for those for which the failure to own or have such legal right to use would not
be reasonably expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Except as provided on Schedule 5.9 , to the knowledge of the Borrower, 1 no claim has been asserted and is pending by any Person against the Borrower or any of its
Restricted Subsidiaries challenging or questioning the use of any such Intellectual Property or the validity or effectiveness of any such Intellectual Property and 2 the use of such Intellectual Property by the Borrower and its
Restricted Subsidiaries does not infringe on the rights of any Person, except (in each case under the preceding clauses (1) and (2)) for such claims and infringements which in the aggregate, would not be reasonably expected to have a
Material Adverse Effect. 5.10 Taxes . To the knowledge of the Borrower, 1 the Borrower and each of
its Restricted Subsidiaries has filed or caused to be filed all material tax returns which are required to be filed by it and has paid a all Taxes shown to be due and payable on such returns and b all Taxes shown to be
due and payable on any assessments of which it has received notice made against it or any of its property and all other Taxes imposed on it or any of its property by any Governmental Authority; and 2 no Tax Liens have been filed
(except for Liens for Taxes not yet due and payable), and no claim is being asserted in writing, with respect to any such Taxes (in each case under the preceding clauses (1) and (2)other than in respect of any such i Taxes with
respect to which the failure to pay, in the aggregate, would not have a Material Adverse Effect or ii Taxes the amount or validity of which are currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and
with respect to which reserves in conformity with GAAP have been provided on the books of the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries, as the case may be). 
 143 

5.11 Federal Regulations . No part of the proceeds of any Extensions
of Credit will be used for any purpose which violates the provisions of the Regulations of the Board, including Regulation T, Regulation U or Regulation X of the Board. If requested by any Lender or the Administrative Agent, the Borrower will
furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender a statement to the foregoing effect in conformity with the requirements of FR Form G-3 or FR Form U-1, referred to in said Regulation U. 
 5.12 ERISA . (a) During the five year period prior to each date as of which this representation is made, or deemed
made, with respect to any Plan, none of the following events or conditions, either individually or in the aggregate, has resulted or is reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect: i a Reportable Event, ii a
failure to satisfy the minimum funding standard (within the meaning of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA), iii any material noncompliance with the applicable provisions of ERISA or the Code, iv a
termination of a Single Employer Plan (other than a standard termination pursuant to Section 4041(b) of ERISA), v a Lien on the property of the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries in favor of the PBGC or a Plan, vi a complete or partial withdrawal from any Multiemployer Plan by the Borrower or any Commonly Controlled Entity, vii the Insolvency of any Multiemployer Plan or viii any transactions that resulted or could
reasonably be expected to result in any liability to the Borrower or any Commonly Controlled Entity under Section 4069 of ERISA or Section 4212(c) of ERISA. 
 (b) With respect to any Foreign Plan, none of the following events or conditions exists and is continuing that, either
individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect: i substantial non-compliance with its terms or with the requirements of any applicable laws, statutes, rules, regulations and orders, ii failure to be maintained, where required, in good standing with applicable regulatory authorities, iii any obligation of the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries in connection with the termination or partial
termination of, or withdrawal from, any Foreign Plan, iv any Lien on the property of the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries in favor of a Governmental Authority as a result of any action or inaction regarding a Foreign Plan, v for each Foreign Plan which is a funded or insured plan, failure to be funded or insured on an ongoing basis to the extent required by applicable non-U.S. law (using actuarial methods and assumptions which are consistent with the
valuations last filed with the applicable Governmental Authorities, if applicable), vi any facts that, to the best knowledge of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, exist that would reasonably be expected to give rise to
a dispute and any pending or threatened disputes that, to the best knowledge of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, would reasonably be expected to result in a material liability to the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries
concerning the assets of any Foreign Plan (other than individual claims for the payment of benefits) and vii failure to make all contributions in a timely manner to the extent required by applicable non-U.S. law. 
 144 

5.13 Collateral . Upon execution and delivery thereof by the parties
thereto, the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement will be effective to create (to the extent described therein) in favor of the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a valid and enforceable security interest in or liens on the
Collateral described therein, except as to enforcement, as may be limited by applicable domestic or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws relating to or affecting creditors 
rights generally, general equitable principles (whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law) and an implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing. When a all Filings (as defined in the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement)
have been completed, b all applicable Instruments, Chattel Paper and Documents (each as described in the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement) constituting Collateral a security interest in which is perfected by possession have been
delivered to, and/or are in the continued possession of, the Collateral Agent, the applicable Collateral Representative or any Additional Agent, as applicable (or their respective agents appointed for purposes of perfection), in accordance with the
applicable ABL/Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement, Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement or Other Intercreditor Agreement and c all Deposit Accounts and Pledged Stock (as defined in the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement) a security
interest in which is required by the Security Documents to be perfected by control (as described in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in each applicable jurisdiction (in the case of Deposit Accounts) and the State of New York (in
the case of Pledged Stock) from time to time) are under the control of the Collateral Agent, the Administrative Agent, the applicable Collateral Representative or any Additional Agent, as applicable (or their respective agents appointed
for purposes of perfection), in accordance with the applicable ABL/Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement, Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement or Other Intercreditor Agreement, the security interests and liens granted pursuant to the Guarantee and
Collateral Agreement shall constitute (to the extent described therein) a perfected security interest in (to the extent intended to be created thereby and required to be perfected under the Loan Documents), all right, title and interest of each
pledgor party thereto in the Collateral described therein (excluding Commercial Tort Claims, as defined in the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, other than such Commercial Tort Claims set forth on Schedule 6 thereto (if any)) with respect to such
pledgor. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, capitalized terms that are used in this Subsection 5.13 and not defined in this Agreement are so used as defined in the applicable Security Document. 
 5.14 Investment Company Act; Other Regulations . The Borrower is not required to be registered as an investment
company , or a company controlled by an entity required to be registered as an investment company , within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The Borrower is not subject to regulation under any federal or state
statute or regulation (other than Regulation X of the Board) which limits its ability to incur Indebtedness as contemplated hereby. 
 5.15 Subsidiaries . Schedule 5.15 sets forth all the Subsidiaries of the Borrower at the Closing Date (after
giving effect to the Transactions), the jurisdiction of their organization and the direct or indirect ownership interest of the Borrower therein. 
 5.16 Purpose of Loans . The proceeds of Term Loans shall be used by the Borrower i in the case of the
Original Initial Term Loans, to effect, in part, the Transactions, and to pay certain fees, premiums and expenses relating thereto, ii in the case of the Tranche B Term Loans, to effect, in part, the Tranche B Effective Date
Transactions, and to pay certain fees, premiums and expenses relating thereto, and iii in the case of all other Term Loans, other than those described in clauses (i) and (ii), to finance the working capital, capital expenditures,
business requirements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and for other purposes not prohibited by this Agreement. 
 145 

5.17 Environmental Matters . Except as disclosed on Schedule
5.17 or as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect: 
 (a) The Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries: i are, and within the period of all applicable
statutes of limitation have been, in compliance with all applicable Environmental Laws; ii hold all Environmental Permits (each of which is in full force and effect) required for any of their current operations or for any property
owned, leased, or otherwise operated by any of them; and iii are, and within the period of all applicable statutes of limitation have been, in compliance with all of their Environmental Permits. 
 (b) Materials of Environmental Concern have not been transported, disposed of, emitted, discharged, or
otherwise released, to, at or from any real property presently or, to the knowledge of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, formerly owned, leased or operated by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or at any other
location, which would reasonably be expected to i give rise to liability or other Environmental Costs of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries under any applicable Environmental Law or ii interfere with the
planned or continued operations of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries. (c) There is no judicial,
administrative, or arbitral proceeding (including any notice of violation or alleged violation) under any Environmental Law to which the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries is, or to the knowledge of the Borrower or any of its Restricted
Subsidiaries is reasonably likely to be, named as a party that is pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, threatened. 
 (d) Neither the Borrower nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries has received any written request for
information, or been notified that it is a potentially responsible party, under the federal Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act or any similar Environmental Law, or received any other written request for information
from any Governmental Authority with respect to any Materials of Environmental Concern. (e) Neither the
Borrower nor any of its Restricted Subsidiaries has entered into or agreed to any consent decree, order, or settlement or other agreement, nor is subject to any judgment, decree, or order or other agreement, in any judicial, administrative,
arbitral, or other forum, relating to compliance with or liability under any Environmental Law. 
 146 

5.18 No Material Misstatements . The written information (including
the Confidential Information Memorandum), reports, financial statements, exhibits and schedules furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, the Other Representatives and the Lenders on or prior to the Closing Date in
connection with the negotiation of any Loan Document or included therein or delivered pursuant thereto, taken as a whole, did not contain as of the Closing Date any material misstatement of fact and did not omit to state as of the Closing Date any
material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not materially misleading in their presentation of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries taken as a whole. It is understood
that a no representation or warranty is made concerning the forecasts, estimates, pro forma information, projections and statements as to anticipated future performance or conditions, and the assumptions on which they were based or
concerning any information of a general economic nature or general information about the Borrower s and its Subsidiaries industry, contained in any such information, reports, financial statements, exhibits or schedules, except that, in
the case of such forecasts, estimates, pro forma information, projections and statements, as of the date such forecasts, estimates, pro forma information, projections and statements were generated, i such forecasts, estimates, pro
forma information, projections and statements were based on the good faith assumptions of the management of the Borrower and ii such assumptions were believed by such management to be reasonable and b such forecasts,
estimates, pro forma information and statements, and the assumptions on which they were based, may or may not prove to be correct. 
 5.19 Labor Matters . There are no strikes pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, reasonably expected to be
commenced against the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries which, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The hours worked and payments made to employees of the Borrower and each of
its Restricted Subsidiaries have not been in violation of any applicable laws, rules or regulations, except where such violations would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.20 Insurance . Schedule 5.20 sets forth a complete and correct listing, as of the date that is two Business
Days prior to the Closing Date, of all insurance that is a maintained by the Loan Parties (other than any Holding Company) and b material to the business and operations of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries
taken as a whole, with the amounts insured (and any deductibles) set forth therein. 5.21 Anti-Terrorism . To the
extent applicable, except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, each Holding Company, the Borrower and each Restricted Subsidiary is in compliance with a the PATRIOT Act, b the Trading
with the Enemy Act, as amended and c any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department OFAC ), U.S. Department of State, United Nations Security Council, European
Union or Her Majesty s Treasury (collectively, Sanctions and any other enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto. Neither any Loan Party nor, except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect, i any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party or ii to the knowledge of the Borrower, any director, officer or employee of any Holding Company, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, is the
target of any Sanctions. None of the Holding Companies, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary will knowingly use the proceeds of the Loans for the purpose of funding or financing any activities or business of or with any Person, or in any
country or territory, that at the time of such funding or financing is restricted under Sanctions. 
 147 

SECTION 6 
 Conditions Precedent 
 6.1 Conditions to Initial Extension of Credit . This Agreement, including the agreement of each Lender to make the
initial Extension of Credit requested to be made by it, shall become effective on the date on which the following conditions precedent shall have been satisfied or waived: 
 (a) Loan Documents . The Administrative Agent shall have received (or, in the case of certain Loan
Parties, shall receive substantially concurrently with the satisfaction of the other conditions precedent set forth in this Subsection 6.1 the following Loan Documents, executed and delivered as required below: 
 (i) this Agreement, executed and delivered by the Borrower; 
 (ii) ABL/Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement, acknowledged by a duly authorized officer of each Loan Party; and
 (iii) the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, executed and delivered by each Loan Party required to be a
signatory thereto; provided that, clause (iii) above notwithstanding, but without limiting the requirements
set forth in Subsections 6.1(g) and (h) , to the extent that a valid security interest in the Collateral covered by the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement (to the extent and with priority contemplated thereby) is not provided on the
Closing Date and to the extent any Holding Company and its Subsidiaries have used commercially reasonable efforts to provide such Collateral, the provisions of clause (iii) above shall be deemed to have been satisfied and the Loan Parties shall
be required to provide such Collateral in accordance with the provisions set forth in Subsection 7.13 if, and only if, each Loan Party shall have executed and delivered the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement to the Administrative Agent and
the Administrative Agent shall have a perfected security interest in all Collateral of the type for which perfection may be accomplished by filing a UCC financing statement and shall have possession of all certificated Capital Stock of the Borrower
and of its Domestic Subsidiaries (to the extent constituting Collateral) together with undated stock powers executed in blank provided that certificated Capital Stock of the Waterworks Business and its Subsidiaries will only be required to
be delivered on the Closing Date to the extent received from the Sellers so long as the Borrower has used reasonable best efforts to obtain them on the Closing Date). 
 148 

(b) Plumb Acquisition Agreement . The Waterworks
Acquisition shall have been or, substantially concurrently with the initial funding pursuant to the Debt Financing, shall be, consummated in all material respects in accordance with the terms of the Plumb Acquisition Agreement, without giving effect
to any modifications, amendments, express waivers or express consents thereunder by the Borrower that are materially adverse to the Lenders without the consent of the Lead Arrangers (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or
delayed) (it being understood and agreed that A any change in the purchase price shall not be deemed to be materially adverse to the Lenders but x any resulting reduction in cash uses shall be allocated I first, to a reduction in the Equity Contribution to 25 of the pro forma capitalization of the Borrower after giving effect to the Transactions and II second, 1 75 to a reduction of the aggregate principal
amount of the Senior Notes, which reduction in the Senior Notes shall not result in an aggregate principal amount of the Senior Notes of less than 250,000,000 (followed by a reduction of the Initial Term Loan Facility) and 2 25 to a
reduction in the Equity Contribution and y any increase in purchase price (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any purchase price adjustments in accordance with the terms of the Plumb Acquisition Agreement) shall be funded (at the
Borrower s option) with the proceeds of an equity contribution (which shall be on terms consistent with the requirements for the Equity Contribution set forth in Subsection 6.1(c) and/or ABL Facility Loans and B any
modification, amendment, express consent or express waiver to the definition of Material Adverse Effect in the Plumb Acquisition Agreement shall be deemed to be materially adverse to the Lenders. 
 (c) Equity Contribution . The Equity Contribution shall have been, or substantially concurrently with the
initial funding pursuant to the Debt Financing shall be, consummated, which to the extent including equity interests of any Holding Company or the Borrower shall be common equity interests thereof. 
 (d) Financial Information . The Committed Lenders shall have received I ( i audited combined balance sheets of the Waterworks Business as of January 29, 2017 and January 31, 2016 and related statements of operations and cash flows of the Waterworks Business for the fiscal years
ended January 29, 2017, January 31, 2016 and February 1, 2015, and ii unaudited combined balance sheets and related statements of operations and cash flows of the Waterworks Business for the fiscal quarter ended
April 30, 2017 and II an unaudited pro forma consolidated balance sheet and a related unaudited pro forma combined statement of operations of the Waterworks Business as of and for the 12-month period ending on April 30, 2017
adjusted to give effect (as if such events had occurred on such date for purposes of the balance sheet and at the beginning of such period, for purposes of the statement of operations) to the consummation of the Transactions, and the Extensions of
Credit hereunder on the Closing Date. (e) Legal Opinions . The Administrative Agent shall have
received the following executed legal opinions, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent: 
 (i) executed legal opinion of Debevoise Plimpton LLP, counsel to the Borrower and the other Loan
Parties; (ii) executed legal opinions of Richards, Layton Finger, P.A., special Delaware
counsel to certain of the Loan Parties; and (iii) executed legal opinion of Holland Knight LLP,
special Florida counsel to certain of the Loan Parties. 
 149 

(f) Officer s Certificate . The Administrative
Agent shall have received a certificate from the Borrower, dated the Closing Date, substantially in the form of Exhibit G hereto. 
 (g) Perfected Liens . The Collateral Agent shall have obtained a valid security interest in the
Collateral covered by the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement (to the extent and with the priority contemplated therein and in the ABL/Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement); and all documents, instruments, filings and recordations reasonably necessary
in connection with the perfection and, in the case of the filings with the United States Patent and Trademark Office and the United States Copyright Office, protection of such security interests shall have been executed and delivered or made, or
shall be delivered or made substantially concurrently with the initial funding pursuant to the Debt Financing under the Loan Documents pursuant to arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent or, in the case of UCC filings,
written authorization to make such UCC filings shall have been delivered to the Collateral Agent, and none of such Collateral shall be subject to any other pledges or security interests except for Permitted Liens or pledges or security interests to
be released on the Closing Date; provided that with respect to any such Collateral the security interest in which may not be perfected by filing of a UCC financing statement or by possession of certificated Capital Stock of the Borrower or
its Domestic Subsidiaries (to the extent constituting Collateral) provided that certificated Capital Stock of the Waterworks Business and its Subsidiaries will only be required to be delivered on the Closing Date to the extent received from
the Sellers, so long as the Borrower has used commercially reasonable efforts to obtain them on the Closing Date), if perfection of the Collateral Agent s security interest in such Collateral may not be accomplished on or before the Closing
Date after the applicable Loan Party s commercially reasonable efforts to do so, then delivery of documents and instruments for perfection of such security interest shall not constitute a condition precedent to the initial borrowings hereunder
if the applicable Loan Party agrees to deliver or cause to be delivered such documents and instruments, and take or cause to be taken such other actions as may be reasonably necessary to perfect such security interests in accordance with
 Subsection 7.13 and otherwise pursuant to arrangements to be mutually agreed by the applicable Loan Party and the Administrative Agent acting reasonably, but in no event later than the 91st day after the Closing Date (unless otherwise
agreed by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion). (h) Pledged Stock; Stock Powers . The
Collateral Agent shall have received the certificates, if any, representing the Pledged Stock under (and as defined in) the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, together with an undated stock power for each such certificate executed in blank by a
duly authorized officer of the pledgor thereof; provided that such Pledged Stock and related stock powers of the Waterworks Business and its Subsidiaries will only be required to be delivered on the Closing Date to the extent received from
the Sellers, so long as the Borrower has used reasonable best efforts to obtain them on the Closing Date; provided , further , that with respect to any such Pledged Stock other than Capital Stock of the Borrower and its Domestic
Subsidiaries (to the extent constituting Collateral), if delivery of such Pledged Stock and related stock powers to the Collateral Agent may not be accomplished on or before the Closing Date after the applicable Loan Party s commercially
reasonable efforts to do so, then delivery of such Pledged Stock and related stock powers shall not constitute a condition precedent to the initial borrowings hereunder if the applicable Loan Party agrees to deliver or cause to be delivered such
Pledged Stock and related stock powers in accordance with Subsection 7.13 and otherwise pursuant to arrangements to be mutually agreed by the applicable Loan Party and the Administrative Agent acting reasonably, but in no event later
than the 91st day after the Closing Date (unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion). 
 150 

(i) Lien Searches . The Collateral Agent shall have
received customary lien searches requested by it at least 30 calendar days prior to the Closing Date. (j)
 Fees . The Committed Lenders, the Lead Arrangers, the Agents and the Lenders, respectively, shall have received all fees related to the Transactions payable to them to the extent due (which may be offset against the proceeds of the
Facilities). (k) Secretary s Certificate . The Administrative Agent shall have received a
certificate from the Borrower and, substantially concurrently with the satisfaction of the other conditions precedent set forth in this Subsection 6.1 , each other Loan Party, dated the Closing Date, substantially in the form of Exhibit
F hereto, with appropriate insertions and attachments of resolutions or other actions, evidence of incumbency and the signature of authorized signatories and Organizational Documents, executed by a Responsible Officer and the Secretary or any
Assistant Secretary or other authorized representative of such Loan Party. (l) No Closing Date Material
Adverse Effect . Since June 4, 2017 there has not been any Closing Date Material Adverse Effect. 
 (m) Solvency . The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of the chief financial officer
or treasurer (or other comparable officer) of the Waterworks Business certifying the Solvency, after giving effect to the Transactions, of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in substantially the form of Exhibit H 
hereto. (n) Patriot Act . The Administrative Agent and the Committed Lenders shall have received at
least three Business Days prior to the Closing Date all documentation and other information about the Loan Parties mutually agreed to be required by U.S. regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money
laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act, that has been reasonably requested in writing at least twelve Business Days prior to the Closing Date. 
 (o) Plumb Acquisition Agreement Conditions; Specified Representations . i The condition in
Section 7.3(a) of the Plumb Acquisition Agreement (but only with respect to the representations that are material to the interests of the Lenders, and only to the extent that Borrower (or any of its Affiliates party to the Plumb Acquisition
Agreement) has the right to terminate its obligations under the Plumb Acquisition Agreement (or otherwise decline to consummate the Waterworks Acquisition) without liability to any of them as a result of a breach of such representations in the Plumb
Acquisition Agreement) shall have been satisfied and ii the Specified Representations shall, except to the extent they relate to a particular date, be true and correct in all material respects on and as of such date as if made on and
as of such date. 
 151 

(p) Borrowing Notice . With respect to the initial
Extensions of Credit, the Administrative Agent shall have received a notice of such Borrowing as required by Subsection 2.3 . 
 The making of the initial Extensions of Credit by the Lenders hereunder shall conclusively be deemed to constitute an
acknowledgement by the Administrative Agent and each Lender that each of the conditions precedent set forth in this Subsection 6.1 shall have been satisfied in accordance with its respective terms or shall have been irrevocably waived by such
Person. SECTION 7 
 Affirmative Covenants 
 The Borrower hereby agrees that, from and after the Closing Date, until payment in full of the Loans and all other Term Loan
Facility Obligations then due and owing to any Lender or any Agent hereunder, the Borrower shall and shall (except in the case of delivery of financial information, reports and notices) cause each of its Restricted Subsidiaries to: 
 7.1 Financial Statements . Furnish to the Administrative Agent for delivery to each Lender (and the Administrative Agent
agrees to make and so deliver such copies): (a) as soon as available, but in any event not later than the
fifth Business Day after i the 135th day following the end of the fiscal year of the Borrower ending January 28, 2018 and ii the 120th day following the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower (or, in each case, such
longer period as would be permitted by the SEC if the Borrower (or, any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle whose financial statements satisfy the Borrower s reporting obligations under this Subsection 7.1(a) were then subject to SEC reporting
requirements as a non-accelerated filer) ending thereafter, a copy of the consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower as at the end of such year and the related consolidated statements of operations, equity and cash flows for such year, setting
forth, commencing with the financial statements for the fiscal year ending February 3, 2019, in each case, in comparative form the figures for and as of the end of the previous year, reported on without a going concern or like
qualification or exception, or qualification arising out of the scope of the audit provided that such report may contain a going concern or like qualification or exception, or qualification arising out of the scope of the audit,
if such qualification or exception arises solely with respect to, results from or arises on account of i an upcoming Maturity Date hereunder or an upcoming maturity date under the Senior ABL Facility or any other
Indebtedness Incurred in compliance with this Agreement, ii any potential or actual inability to satisfy any financial maintenance covenant included in the Senior ABL Agreement or any other Indebtedness of the Borrower or its
Subsidiaries or iii the activities, operations, financial results, assets or liabilities of any Unrestricted Subsidiary), by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP or other independent certified public accountants of nationally recognized standing
(it being agreed that the furnishing of x the Borrower s or any Parent Entity s or IPO Vehicle s annual report on Form 10-K for such year, as filed with the SEC, or y the financial statements of any Parent
Entity or IPO Vehicle, will, in each case, satisfy the Borrower s obligation under this Subsection 7.1(a) with respect to such year, including with respect to the requirement that such financial statements be reported on without a
 going concern or like qualification or exception, or qualification arising out of the scope of the audit, so long as the report included in such Form 10-K or accompanying such financial statements,
as applicable, does not contain any going concern or like qualification or exception (other than a going concern or like qualification or exception with respect to, resulting from or arising on account of i an
upcoming Maturity Date hereunder or an upcoming maturity date under the Senior ABL Facility or any other Indebtedness Incurred in compliance with this Agreement, ii any potential or actual inability to satisfy any financial
maintenance covenant included in the Senior ABL Agreement or any other Indebtedness of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or iii the activities, operations, financial results, assets or liabilities of any Unrestricted Subsidiary)),
together with a management s discussion and analysis of financial information (which need not be prepared in accordance with Item 303 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act, and which may be in a form substantially similar to the
management s discussion and analysis of financial information included in the offering memorandum for the Senior Notes); 
 152 

(b) as soon as available, but in any event not later than
the fifth Business Day following I the 90 th day following the end of the quarterly period ending July 30, 2017, the unaudited combined balance sheets and related statements of
operations and cash flows of the Waterworks Business for such quarterly period and II ( i the 90 th day following the end of the quarterly period ending October 29, 2017
and ii the 60 th day following the end of each of the first three quarterly periods of each fiscal year of the Borrower (or such longer period as would be permitted by the SEC if the
Borrower (or, any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle whose financial statements satisfy the Borrower s reporting obligations under this Subsection 7.1(b) were then subject to SEC reporting requirements as a non-accelerated filer) commencing,
in the case of clause (ii), with the fiscal quarter ending April 29, 2018, the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower as at the end of such quarter and the related unaudited consolidated statements of operations and changes in
cash flows of the Borrower for such quarter and the portion of the fiscal year through the end of such quarter, setting forth commencing with the financial statements for the fiscal quarter ending October 28, 2018 in comparative form the
figures for and as of the corresponding periods of the previous year, in each case certified by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower as being fairly stated in all material respects (subject to normal year-end audit and other adjustments) (it being
agreed that the furnishing of x the Borrower s or any Parent Entity s or IPO Vehicle s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for such quarter, as filed with the SEC, or y the financial statements of any Parent
Entity or IPO Vehicle, will, in each case, satisfy the Borrower s obligations under this Subsection 7.1(b) with respect to such quarter), together with a management s discussion and analysis of financial information (which need not
be prepared in accordance with Item 303 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act, and which may be in a form substantially consistent with the management s discussion and analysis of financial information with respect to the financial
statements included in the offering memorandum for the Senior Notes); 
 153 

(c) to the extent applicable, concurrently with any delivery
of consolidated financial statements referred to in Subsections 7.1(a) and (b) above, related unaudited condensed consolidating financial statements and appropriate reconciliations reflecting the material adjustments necessary (as
determined by the Borrower in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive) to eliminate the accounts of Unrestricted Subsidiaries (if any) from such consolidated financial statements; and 
 (d) all such financial statements delivered pursuant to Subsection 7.1(a) or (b) to (and, in
the case of any financial statements delivered pursuant to Subsection 7.1(b) shall be certified by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower to) fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of the Borrower and, if applicable
the applicable Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle and, its Subsidiaries in conformity with GAAP and to be (and, in the case of any financial statements delivered pursuant to Subsection 7.1(b) shall be certified by a Responsible Officer of the
Borrower, to the knowledge of such Responsible Officer, as being) in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP applied consistently throughout the periods reflected therein and with prior periods that began on or after the Closing Date
(except as disclosed therein, and except, in the case of any financial statements delivered pursuant to Subsection 7.1(b) , for the absence of certain notes). 
 Notwithstanding anything in clause (a) or (b) of this Subsection 7.1 to the contrary, except as expressly
required with respect to Unrestricted Subsidiaries in clause (c) above, in no event shall any annual or quarterly financial statements delivered pursuant to clause (a) or (b) of this Subsection 7.1 be required to x include any segment reporting, reporting with respect to non-consolidated subsidiaries, separate consolidating financial information with respect to the Borrower, any Subsidiary Guarantor or any other Affiliate of the Borrower, or
any segment reporting, reporting with respect to non-consolidated subsidiaries, separate financial statements or information for the Borrower, any Subsidiary Guarantor or any other Affiliate of the Borrower, y comply with
Section 302, Section 404 and Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, or related items 307, 308 and 308T of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act or z comply with Rule 3-03(e), Rule 3-05, Rule 3-09,
Rule 3-10 and Rule 3-16 of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act. 7.2 Certificates; Other Information . Furnish
to the Administrative Agent for delivery to each Lender (and the Administrative Agent agrees to make and so deliver such copies): 
 (a) concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements and reports referred to in Subsections
7.1(a) and (b) , a certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower in substantially the form of Exhibit U or such other form as may be agreed between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (a Compliance
Certificate ( i stating that, to the best of such Responsible Officer s knowledge, each of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries during such period has observed or performed all of its covenants and other
agreements, and satisfied every condition, contained in this Agreement or the other Loan Documents to which it is a party to be observed, performed or satisfied by it, and that such Responsible Officer has obtained no knowledge of any Default or
Event of Default, except, in each case, as specified in such certificate, ii [reserved] and iii commencing with the delivery of the Compliance Certificate for the fiscal year ended February 3, 2019, if A delivered with the financial statements required by Subsection 7.1(a) and B the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio as of the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year was greater than or equal to
3.25:1.00, set forth in reasonable detail the amount of (and the calculations required to establish the amount of) Excess Cash Flow for the respective fiscal year covered by such financial statements; 
 154 

(b) within five Business Days after the same are filed,
copies of all financial statements and periodic reports which the Borrower may file with the SEC or any successor or analogous Governmental Authority; 
 (c) within five Business Days after the same are filed, copies of all registration statements and any
amendments and exhibits thereto, which the Borrower may file with the SEC or any successor or analogous Governmental Authority; 
 (d) subject to the last sentence of Subsection 7.6 , promptly, such additional financial and other
information regarding the Loan Parties as any Agent or the Required Lenders through the Administrative Agent may from time to time reasonably request; and 
 (e) promptly upon reasonable request from the Administrative Agent calculations of Consolidated EBITDA and
other Fixed GAAP Terms as reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent promptly following receipt of a written notice from the Borrower electing to change the Fixed GAAP Date, which calculations shall show the calculations of the respective
Fixed GAAP Terms both before and after giving effect to the change in the Fixed GAAP Date and identify the material change(s) in GAAP giving rise to the change in such calculations. 
 Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Subsection 7.1 or this Subsection 7.2 may at the Borrower s
option be delivered electronically and, if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date i on which the Borrower posts such documents, or provides a link thereto on the Borrower s (or any Parent Entity s or
IPO Vehicle s) website on the Internet at the website address listed on Schedule 7.2 (or such other website address as the Borrower may specify by written notice to the Administrative Agent from time to time); or ii on
which such documents are posted on the Borrower s (or any Parent Entity s or IPO Vehicle s) behalf on an Internet or intranet website to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party
website (including any website maintained by the SEC) or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent). Following the electronic delivery of any such documents by posting such documents to a website in accordance with the preceding sentence (other
than the posting by the Borrower of any such documents on any website maintained for or sponsored by the Administrative Agent), the Borrower shall promptly provide the Administrative Agent notice of such delivery (which notice may be by facsimile or
electronic mail) and the electronic location at which such documents may be accessed; provided that, in the absence of bad faith, the failure to provide such prompt notice shall not constitute a Default hereunder. 
 7.3 Payment of Taxes . Pay, discharge or otherwise satisfy at or before maturity or before they become delinquent, as
the case may be, all taxes except where the amount or validity thereof is currently being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and reserves in conformity in all material respects with GAAP with respect thereto have
been provided on the books of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, as the case may be, or except to the extent that failure to do so, in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 155 

7.4 Conduct of Business and Maintenance of Existence; Compliance with
Contractual Obligations and Requirements of Law . Preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its existence and take all reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of the
business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, except as otherwise permitted pursuant to Subsection 8.4 or 8.7 , provided that the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall not be required to
maintain any such rights, privileges or franchises and the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries shall not be required to maintain such existence, if the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and
comply with all Contractual Obligations and Requirements of Law except to the extent that failure to comply therewith, in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 7.5 Maintenance of Property; Insurance . i Keep all property necessary in the business of the Borrower and
its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in good working order and condition, except where failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; ii use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain
with financially sound and reputable insurance companies (or any Insurance Subsidiary) insurance on, or self-insure, all property material to the business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in at least such amounts
and against at least such risks (but including in any event public liability and business interruption) as are consistent with the past practice of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries or usually insured against in the same general area by
companies engaged in the same or a similar business; iii furnish to the Administrative Agent, upon written request, information in reasonable detail as to the insurance carried; iv use commercially reasonable efforts to
maintain property and liability policies that provide that in the event of any cancellation thereof during the term of the policy, either by the insured or by the insurance company, the insurance company shall provide to the secured party at least
30 days prior written notice thereof, or in the case of cancellation for non-payment of premium, ten days prior written notice thereof; v in the event of any material change in any of the property or liability policies referenced in
the preceding clause (iv), use commercially reasonable efforts to provide the Administrative Agent with at least 30 days prior written notice thereof; and vi use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that, subject to the ABL/Term
Loan Intercreditor Agreement, any Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement or any Other Intercreditor Agreement, at all times the Collateral Agent, the applicable Collateral Representative or any Additional Agent, in accordance with the applicable
ABL/Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement, Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement or Other Intercreditor Agreement, for the benefit of the applicable Secured Parties, shall be named as an additional insured with respect to liability policies maintained by
the Borrower and each Subsidiary Guarantor and the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties, shall be named as loss payee with respect to the property insurance maintained by the Borrower and each Subsidiary Guarantor; provided 
that, unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, A the Collateral Agent shall turn over to the Borrower any amounts received by it as an additional insured or loss payee under any property insurance maintained by
the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, B the Collateral Agent agrees that the Borrower and/or its applicable Subsidiary shall have the sole right to adjust or settle any claims under such insurance and C all proceeds from a
Recovery Event shall be paid to the Borrower. 
 156 

7.6 Inspection of Property; Books and Records; Discussions . In the
case of the Borrower, keep proper books and records in a manner to allow financial statements to be prepared in conformity with GAAP consistently applied in respect of all material financial transactions and matters involving the material assets and
business of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; and permit representatives of the Administrative Agent to visit and inspect any of its properties and examine and, to the extent reasonable, make abstracts from any of its
books and records and to discuss the business, operations, properties and financial and other condition of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries with officers of the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries and with its independent certified
public accountants, in each case at any reasonable time, upon reasonable notice; provided that a except during the continuation of an Event of Default, only one such visit per year shall be at the Borrower s expense, and b during the continuation of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent or its representatives may do any of the foregoing at the Borrower s expense; provided , further , that representatives of the Borrower may be
present during any such visits, discussions and inspections. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Subsection 7.2(d) or in this Subsection 7.6 or any other provision in any Loan Document, none of the Borrower or any Restricted
Subsidiary will be required to disclose or permit the inspection or discussion of, any document, information or other matter i that constitutes non-financial trade secrets or non-financial proprietary information, ii in
respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders (or their respective representatives) is prohibited by Requirement of Law or any binding agreement or iii that is subject to attorney client or similar privilege or
constitutes attorney work product. 7.7 Notices . Promptly give notice to the Administrative Agent and each Lender
of: (a) as soon as possible after a Responsible Officer of the Borrower knows thereof, the occurrence of
any Default or Event of Default; (b) as soon as possible after a Responsible Officer of the Borrower knows
thereof, any default or event of default under any Contractual Obligation of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, other than as previously disclosed in writing to the Lenders, which would reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect; (c) as soon as possible after a Responsible Officer of the Borrower knows thereof, the
occurrence of i any default or event of default under the Senior ABL Agreement, ii [reserved] or iii any payment default under any Additional Obligations Documents or under any agreement or document
governing other Indebtedness, in each case under this clause (c) relating to Indebtedness in an aggregate principal amount equal to or greater than the greater of 100,000,000 and 6.50 of Consolidated Tangible Assets; 
 (d) as soon as possible after a Responsible Officer of the Borrower knows thereof, any litigation,
investigation or proceeding affecting the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; 
 157 

(e) the following events, as soon as possible and in any
event within 30 days after a Responsible Officer of the Borrower knows thereof: i the occurrence of any Reportable Event (or similar event) with respect to any Single Employer Plan (or Foreign Plan), a failure to make any required
contribution to a Single Employer Plan, Multiemployer Plan or Foreign Plan, the creation of any Lien on the property of the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries in favor of the PBGC, a Plan or a Foreign Plan or any withdrawal from, or the full or
partial termination or Insolvency of, any Multiemployer Plan or Foreign Plan; or ii the institution of proceedings by the PBGC or the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any Commonly Controlled Entity or any Multiemployer
Plan which would reasonably be expected to result in the withdrawal from, or the termination or Insolvency of, any Single Employer Plan, Multiemployer Plan or Foreign Plan; provided , however , that no such notice will be required under
clause (i) or (ii) above unless the event giving rise to such notice, when aggregated with all other such events under clause (i) or (ii) above, would be reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; 
 (f) as soon as possible after a Responsible Officer of the Borrower knows thereof, i any release
or discharge by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries of any Materials of Environmental Concern required to be reported under applicable Environmental Laws to any Governmental Authority, unless the Borrower reasonably determines that
the total Environmental Costs arising out of such release or discharge would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, ii any condition, circumstance, occurrence or event not previously disclosed in writing to the
Administrative Agent that would reasonably be expected to result in liability or expense under applicable Environmental Laws, unless the Borrower reasonably determines that the total Environmental Costs arising out of such condition, circumstance,
occurrence or event would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, or would not reasonably be expected to result in the imposition of any lien or other material restriction on the title, ownership or transferability of any
facilities and properties owned, leased or operated by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and iii any proposed action to be taken by the Borrower
or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries that would reasonably be expected to subject the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to any material additional or different requirements or liabilities under Environmental Laws, unless the Borrower
reasonably determines that the total Environmental Costs arising out of such proposed action would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and 
 (g) as soon as possible after a Responsible Officer of the Borrower knows thereof, any loss, damage, or
destruction to a significant portion of the Collateral, whether or not covered by insurance. Each notice pursuant to this
 Subsection 7.7 shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action the Borrower (or, if applicable, the relevant Restricted
Subsidiary) proposes to take with respect thereto. 7.8 Environmental Laws . (a) i Comply
substantially with, and require substantial compliance by all tenants, subtenants, contractors, and invitees with, all applicable Environmental Laws; ii obtain, comply substantially with and maintain any and all Environmental Permits
necessary for its operations as conducted and as planned; and iii require that all tenants, subtenants, contractors, and invitees obtain, comply substantially with and maintain any and all Environmental Permits necessary for their
operations as conducted and as planned, with respect to any property leased or subleased from, or operated by the Borrower or its Restricted Subsidiaries. For purposes of this Subsection 7.8(a) , noncompliance shall not constitute a breach of
this covenant, provided that, upon learning of any actual or suspected noncompliance, the Borrower and any such affected Restricted Subsidiary shall promptly undertake and diligently pursue reasonable efforts, if any, to achieve compliance,
and provided , further , that in any case such noncompliance would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 158 

(b) Promptly comply, in all material respects, with all orders and
directives of all Governmental Authorities regarding Environmental Laws, other than such orders or directives i as to which the failure to comply would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or ii as to which: x appropriate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP; y an appeal or other appropriate contest is or has been timely and properly taken and is being diligently pursued in good
faith; and z if the effectiveness of such order or directive has not been stayed, the failure to comply with such order or directive during the pendency of such appeal or contest would not reasonably be expected to have a Material
Adverse Effect. 7.9 After-Acquired Subsidiaries . (a) [Reserved]. 
 (b) With respect to any Domestic Subsidiary that is a Wholly Owned Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) i created or acquired subsequent to the Closing Date by the Borrower or any of its Domestic Subsidiaries that are Wholly Owned Subsidiaries (other than an Excluded Subsidiary), ii being designated as a Restricted
Subsidiary, iii ceasing to be an Immaterial Subsidiary or other Excluded Subsidiary as provided in the applicable definition thereof after the expiry of any applicable period referred to in such definition or iv that
becomes a Domestic Subsidiary as a result of a Permitted Investment or a transaction pursuant to, and permitted by, Subsection 8.2 or 8.7 (other than an Excluded Subsidiary), promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence
and, if the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders so request, promptly i cause the Loan Party that is required to grant to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a perfected first priority security
interest (as and to the extent provided in the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement) in the Capital Stock of such new Domestic Subsidiary owned directly by the Borrower or any of its Domestic Subsidiaries that are Wholly Owned Subsidiaries (other than
Excluded Subsidiaries) to execute and deliver a Supplemental Agreement (as defined in the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement) pursuant to Subsection 9.15 of the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, ii deliver to the Collateral Agent,
the applicable Collateral Representative or any Additional Agent, in accordance with the applicable ABL/Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement, Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement or Other Intercreditor Agreement, the certificates (if any) representing
such Capital Stock, together with undated stock powers, executed and delivered in blank by a duly authorized officer of the parent of such new Domestic Subsidiary, and iii cause such new Domestic Subsidiary A to become a
party to the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement and B to take all actions reasonably deemed by the Collateral Agent to be necessary or advisable to cause the Lien created by the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement in such new Domestic
Subsidiary s Collateral to be duly perfected in accordance with all applicable Requirements of Law (as and to the extent provided in the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement), including the filing of financing statements in such jurisdictions as
may be reasonably requested by the Collateral Agent. In addition, the Borrower may cause any Subsidiary that is not required to become a Subsidiary Guarantor to become a Subsidiary Guarantor by executing and delivering a Subsidiary Guaranty (which
Subsidiary Guaranty shall be accompanied by all documentation and other information about such Subsidiary as shall be mutually agreed to be required by applicable regulatory authorities under applicable know your customer and anti-money
laundering rules and regulations, including the Patriot Act and the CDD Rule); provided that in the case of any Foreign Subsidiary, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, such Foreign Subsidiary
shall guarantee the Borrower Obligations (as defined in the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement) and grant a perfected lien with the priority contemplated herein on substantially all of its assets pursuant to arrangements (including security
documents governed by foreign law) reasonably agreed between the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (which arrangements w shall be subject to customary limitations in such jurisdiction as may be reasonably agreed between the
Administrative Agent and the Borrower, x shall only operate to create guarantees or security rather than to impose new commercial obligations or restrictions, and accordingly shall not operate to prevent any transaction otherwise
permitted under this Agreement or the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, require additional consents or authorizations, or contain any additional representations or undertakings, in each case unless the same are required for the creation of the
guarantee or the creation or perfection of the security (as and to the extent that such creation or perfection is required pursuant to the terms this Agreement or the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement) and are no more onerous than any equivalent
representation or undertaking in this Agreement or the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, y shall not permit the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent to enforce any such arrangements or exercise any power of attorney granted
thereunder unless an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, and z to the extent possible under the laws governing such arrangements, shall contain a release clause automatically releasing, reassigning and cancelling
the guarantee or security constituted thereby, and shall otherwise require the Collateral Agent to release such security in accordance with Subsection 9.16 of the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement), and nothing in the definition of Excluded
Assets or other limitation in this Agreement shall in any way limit or restrict the pledge of assets and property by any such Foreign Subsidiary that is a Guarantor or the pledge of the Capital Stock of such Foreign Subsidiary by any other
Loan Party that holds such Capital Stock; provided , further , that if the Borrower elects to cause any Subsidiary to become a Guarantor pursuant to this Subsection 7.9(b) , in addition to, and without limiting the applicability to
such Guarantor of other Guarantor release provisions set forth in the Loan Documents, the Borrower may, in its sole discretion, elect to release such Guarantor from its Term Loan Facility Obligations by a written notice to the Administrative Agent,
provided that immediately after giving effect to such release, 1 if and to the extent such Guarantor is then a Restricted Subsidiary (it being understood that the designation of such Subsidiary as an Unrestricted Subsidiary shall
otherwise be required to comply with the provisions set forth in the definition of Unrestricted Subsidiary ), any Indebtedness of such Subsidiary then outstanding can be Incurred (and upon such release shall be deemed to be Incurred)
pursuant to Subsection 8.1 as if such Subsidiary were not a Guarantor at such time, and 2 immediately after such release, no Event of Default under Subsection 9.1(a) or (f) shall have occurred and be
continuing. 
 159 

(c) With respect to any Foreign Subsidiary created or acquired subsequent to
the Closing Date by the Borrower, any of its Domestic Subsidiaries that are Wholly Owned Subsidiaries (in each case, other than any Excluded Subsidiary) or any Foreign Subsidiary that is a Guarantor, the Capital Stock of which is owned directly by
the Borrower, a Domestic Subsidiary that is a Wholly Owned Subsidiary (other than an Excluded Subsidiary) or any Foreign Subsidiary that is a Guarantor, promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and if the Administrative Agent or
the Required Lenders so request, promptly i cause the Loan Party that is required to grant to the Collateral Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a perfected first priority security interest (as and to the extent provided in
the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement or any other applicable Security Document) in the Capital Stock of such new Subsidiary that is directly owned by the Borrower, any Domestic Subsidiary that is a Wholly Owned Subsidiary (other than an Excluded
Subsidiary) or any Foreign Subsidiary that is a Guarantor to execute and deliver a Supplemental Agreement (as defined in the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement) pursuant to Subsection 9.15 of the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement or, with respect
to Capital Stock of a Foreign Subsidiary that is owned directly by any Foreign Subsidiary that is a Guarantor, such supplemental agreement(s) as may be required pursuant to any applicable Security Document, and ii to the extent
reasonably deemed advisable by the Collateral Agent, deliver to the Collateral Agent, the applicable Collateral Representative or any Additional Agent, in accordance with the applicable ABL/Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement, Junior Lien
Intercreditor Agreement or Other Intercreditor Agreement, the certificates, if any, representing such Capital Stock, together with undated stock powers, executed and delivered in blank by a duly authorized officer of the relevant parent of such new
Subsidiary and take such other action as may be reasonably deemed by the Collateral Agent to be necessary or desirable to perfect the Collateral Agent s security interest therein (in each case as and to the extent required by the Guarantee and
Collateral Agreement); provided that in either case in no event shall more than 65.0 of each series of Capital Stock of any Foreign Subsidiary be required to be so pledged. 
 (d) At its own expense, execute, acknowledge and deliver, or cause the execution, acknowledgement and delivery of, and
thereafter register, file or record in an appropriate governmental office, any document or instrument reasonably deemed by the Collateral Agent to be necessary or desirable for the creation, perfection and priority and the continuation of the
validity, perfection and priority of the foregoing Liens or any other Liens created pursuant to the Security Documents (to the extent the Collateral Agent determines, in its reasonable discretion, that such action is required to ensure the
perfection or the enforceability as against third parties of its security interest in such Collateral) in each case in accordance with, and to the extent required by, the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement. 
 (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, A the foregoing requirements shall be subject to
the terms of the ABL/Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement, any Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement or any Other Intercreditor Agreement and, in the event of any conflict with such terms, the terms of the ABL/Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement, any
Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement or any Other Intercreditor Agreement, as applicable, shall control, B no security interest or lien is or will be granted pursuant to any Loan Document or otherwise in any right, title or interest of
any of the Holding Companies, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in, and Collateral shall not include, any Excluded Asset, C except in the case of any assets of, or Capital Stock in, any Foreign Subsidiary that is a
Guarantor, no Loan Party or any Affiliate thereof shall be required to take any action in any non-U.S. jurisdiction or required by the laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction in order to create any security interests in assets located or titled outside of
the U.S. or to perfect any security interests (it being understood that there shall be no security agreements or pledge agreements governed under the laws of any non-U.S. jurisdiction), D to the extent not automatically perfected by
filings under the Uniform Commercial Code of each applicable jurisdiction, no Loan Party shall be required to take any actions in order to perfect any security interests granted with respect to any assets specifically requiring perfection through
control (including cash, cash equivalents, deposit accounts, securities accounts, but excluding Capital Stock required to be delivered pursuant to Subsections 7.9(b) and (c) above), and E nothing in this
 Subsection 7.9 shall require that any Holding Company, the Borrower or any Subsidiary grant a Lien with respect to any property or assets in which such Person acquires ownership rights to the extent that the Borrower and the Administrative
Agent reasonably determine that the costs or other consequences to Management Holdings, Waterworks Holdings LP, Waterworks Holdings LLC, Pubco, New Blocker, Topco or one of its Subsidiaries (or, at the election of the Borrower in connection with an
initial public offering or other restructuring of the Borrower, any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries) of the granting of such a Lien is excessive in view of the benefits that would be obtained by the Secured
Parties. 
 160 

(f) Notwithstanding any provision of this Subsection 7.9 or
 Subsection 7.13 to the contrary, prior to the Discharge of ABL Collateral Obligations, i the requirements of this Subsection 7.9 and of Subsection 7.13 to deliver any ABL Priority Collateral to the Agent shall
be deemed satisfied by the delivery of such ABL Priority Collateral to the ABL Agent or the ABL Collateral Representative (as defined in the ABL/Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement or the equivalent term in any Other Intercreditor Agreement), ii the Borrower shall, and shall cause each Restricted Subsidiary to, comply with the requirements of this Subsection 7.9 and Subsection 7.13 with respect to the Obligations hereunder as they relate to any ABL Priority
Collateral only to the same extent that the Borrower and such Restricted Subsidiaries are required to comply with provisions analogous to this Subsection 7.9 or Subsection 7.13 under the ABL Credit Agreement or the documentation
governing any other ABL Collateral Obligation and iii the ABL Agent or the ABL Collateral Representative (as defined in the ABL/Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement or the equivalent term in any Other Intercreditor Agreement) shall have
sole discretion (in consultation with the Borrower, if applicable) with respect to any determination concerning ABL Priority Collateral as to which the Agent would have authority to exercise under this Subsection 7.9 or
 Subsection 7.13 . 7.10 Use of Proceeds . Use the proceeds of Loans only for the purposes set forth in
 Subsection 5.16 . 7.11 Commercially Reasonable Efforts to Maintain Ratings . At all times, the Borrower shall
use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain ratings (but not any particular rating) of the Initial Term Loans and a corporate rating (but not any particular rating) and corporate family rating (but not any particular rating), as applicable, for
the Borrower by each of S P and Moody s. 7.12 Accounting Changes . The Borrower will, for financial
reporting purposes, cause the Borrower s and each of its Subsidiaries fiscal years to end on the Sunday closest to January 31st of each calendar year; provided that the Borrower may, upon written notice to the Administrative
Agent, change the financial reporting convention specified above to x a calendar year-end convention or y any other financial reporting convention reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, in which case the
Borrower and the Administrative Agent will, and are hereby authorized by the Lenders to, make any adjustments to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents that are necessary in order to reflect such change in financial reporting. 
 161 

7.13 Post-Closing Security Perfection . The Borrower agrees to deliver
or cause to be delivered such documents and instruments, and take or cause to be taken such other actions as may be reasonably necessary to provide the perfected security interests described in the provisos to Subsection 6.1(a) , Subsection
6.1(g) and Subsection 6.1(h) that are not so provided on the Closing Date, and in any event to provide such perfected security interests and to satisfy such other conditions within the applicable time periods set forth on Schedule
7.13 , as such time periods may be extended by the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Subsection 7.13 , Subsection 7.9 , of Schedule 7.13 or of any Security Document and
the Borrower shall not be obligated to take, or cause to be taken, any action that is dependent on an action that the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as the case may be, has failed to take, for so long as the Administrative Agent or
the Collateral Agent has failed to take such action. SECTION 8 
 Negative Covenants 
 The Borrower hereby agrees that, from and after the Closing Date, until payment in full of the Loans and all other Term Loan
Facility Obligations then due and owing to any Lender or any Agent hereunder: 8.1 Limitation on Indebtedness .
(a) The Borrower will not, and will not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, Incur any Indebtedness; provided , however , that the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary may Incur Indebtedness if on the date of the Incurrence of such
Indebtedness, after giving effect to the Incurrence thereof (or, at the Borrower s option, on the date of the initial borrowing of such Indebtedness or entry into the definitive agreement providing the commitment to fund such Indebtedness after
giving pro forma effect to the Incurrence of the entire committed amount thereof, in which case such committed amount may thereafter be borrowed and reborrowed in whole or in part, from time to time, without further compliance with this proviso),
the Consolidated Coverage Ratio would be equal to or greater than 2.00:1.00; provided , further , that the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness that may be Incurred pursuant to this Subsection 8.1(a) , by Restricted
Subsidiaries that are not Subsidiary Guarantors or Escrow Subsidiaries, together with the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Indebtedness Incurred by Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Subsidiary Guarantors or Escrow Subsidiaries pursuant
to Subsection 8.1(b)(xvii) , shall not exceed the greater of 437,500,000 and 26.50 of Consolidated Tangible Assets at any time outstanding. 
 162 

(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing Subsection 8.1(a) , the Borrower and
its Restricted Subsidiaries may Incur the following Indebtedness: (i) I Indebtedness Incurred by
the Borrower, a Guarantor or an Escrow Subsidiary a pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, b pursuant to the Senior ABL Facility, c constituting Additional Obligations (and Refinancing
Indebtedness in respect thereof), d constituting Rollover Indebtedness (and Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof), e in respect of Permitted Debt Exchange Notes Incurred pursuant to a Permitted Debt Exchange in
accordance with Subsection 2.9 (and any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof) and f pursuant to any Letter of Credit Facility (and any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof), in a maximum principal amount for all
such Indebtedness at any time outstanding not exceeding in the aggregate an amount equal to the sum of A 1,500,000,000, plus B the greater of x 1,350,000,000 and y an amount equal to
(but not less than zero) 1 the Borrowing Base, less 2 the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness Incurred by Special Purpose Entities that are Domestic Subsidiaries and then outstanding pursuant to
 Subsection 8.1(b)(ix) , less 3 the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness Incurred by any Foreign Subsidiaries and then outstanding pursuant to Subsection 8.1(b)(xv)(ii) , plus C without
duplication of incremental amounts included in the definition of Refinancing Indebtedness , in the event of any refinancing of any such Indebtedness (including with Specified Refinancing Indebtedness), the aggregate amount of fees,
underwriting discounts, premiums and other costs and expenses (including accrued and unpaid interest) Incurred or payable in connection with such refinancing, and II Indebtedness Incurred by the Borrower, a Guarantor or an Escrow
Subsidiary a pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, b pursuant to the Senior ABL Facility, c constituting Additional Obligations, d constituting Rollover Indebtedness, e in respect of Permitted Debt Exchange Notes Incurred pursuant to a Permitted Debt Exchange in accordance with Subsection 2.9 and f pursuant to any Letter of Credit Facility, in an aggregate principal amount for
all such Indebtedness outstanding after giving effect to such Incurrence not in excess of the Maximum Incremental Facilities Amount (for purposes of determining the amount outstanding pursuant to clause (i) of the definition of Maximum
Incremental Facilities Amount , treating x any then unused portion of Incremental Revolving Commitments made available in reliance on such clause as outstanding Indebtedness and y Refinancing Indebtedness and
Permitted Debt Exchange Notes Incurred pursuant to this Subsection 8.1(b)(i)(II) in respect of Indebtedness Incurred in reliance on clause (i) of the definition of Maximum Incremental Facilities Amount (and Refinancing
Indebtedness and Permitted Debt Exchange Notes Incurred pursuant to this Subsection 8.1(b)(i)(II) in respect of such Refinancing Indebtedness and/or Permitted Debt Exchange Notes) as outstanding pursuant to such clause), together with
Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of the Indebtedness described in subclauses (a), (b), (c), (d), (e) and (f) of this clause (II), plus , without duplication of incremental amounts included in the definition of Refinancing
Indebtedness , in the event of any refinancing of such Indebtedness (including with Specified Refinancing Indebtedness), the aggregate amount of all fees, underwriting discounts, premiums and other costs and expenses (including accrued and
unpaid interest) Incurred or payable in connection with such refinancing; (ii) Indebtedness A of any Restricted Subsidiary to the Borrower, or B of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to any Restricted Subsidiary; provided that in the case of this Subsection 8.1(b)(ii) , any subsequent
issuance or transfer of any Capital Stock of such Restricted Subsidiary to which such Indebtedness is owed, or other event, that results in such Restricted Subsidiary ceasing to be a Restricted Subsidiary or any other subsequent transfer of such
Indebtedness (except to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary) will be deemed, in each case, an Incurrence of such Indebtedness by the issuer thereof not permitted by this Subsection 8.1(b)(ii) ; 
 163 

(iii) Indebtedness represented by A [reserved], B any Indebtedness (other than the Indebtedness pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents described in Subsection 8.1(b)(i) outstanding (or Incurred pursuant to any commitment
outstanding) on the Closing Date and set forth on Schedule 8.1 and C any Refinancing Indebtedness Incurred in respect of any Indebtedness (or unutilized commitments) described in this Subsection 8.1(b)(iii) , Subsection
8.1(a) or Subsection 8.1(b)(xvii) ; (iv) Purchase Money Obligations, Financing Lease
Obligations, and in each case any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof; (v) Indebtedness A supported by a letter of credit issued in compliance with this Subsection 8.1 in a principal amount not exceeding the face amount of such letter of credit or B consisting of accommodation guarantees for the
benefit of trade creditors of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; (vi) A Guarantees by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary of Indebtedness or any other obligation or liability of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than any Indebtedness Incurred by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the
case may be, in violation of this Subsection 8.1 ), or B without limiting Subsection 8.6 , Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary arising by reason of any Lien granted by or applicable to such Person
securing Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (other than any Indebtedness Incurred by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, in violation of this Subsection 8.1 ); 
 (vii) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary A arising from the honoring of a
check, draft or similar instrument of such Person drawn against insufficient funds in the ordinary course of business, or B consisting of guarantees, indemnities, obligations in respect of earn-outs or other purchase price adjustments,
or similar obligations, Incurred in connection with the acquisition or disposition of any business, assets or Person; 
 (viii) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in respect of A letters of
credit, bankers acceptances or other similar instruments or obligations issued, or relating to liabilities or obligations incurred, in the ordinary course of business (including those issued to governmental entities in connection with
self-insurance under applicable workers compensation statutes), B completion guarantees, surety, judgment, appeal or performance bonds, or other similar bonds, instruments or obligations, provided, or relating to liabilities or
obligations incurred, in the ordinary course of business, C Hedging Obligations, entered into for bona fide hedging purposes, D Management Guarantees or Management Indebtedness, E the financing of insurance
premiums in the ordinary course of business, F take-or-pay obligations under supply arrangements incurred in the ordinary course of business, G netting, overdraft protection and other arrangements arising under standard
business terms of any bank at which the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary maintains an overdraft, cash pooling or other similar facility or arrangement, H Junior Capital in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not
to exceed the greater of 223,000,000 and 13.50 of Consolidated Tangible Assets or I Bank Products Obligations; 
 164 

(ix) Indebtedness A of a Special Purpose
Subsidiary secured by a Lien on all or part of the assets disposed of in, or otherwise Incurred in connection with, a Financing Disposition or B otherwise Incurred in connection with a Special Purpose Financing; provided that 1 such Indebtedness is not recourse to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Special Purpose Subsidiary (other than with respect to Special Purpose Financing Undertakings); 2 in the event such
Indebtedness shall become recourse to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that is not a Special Purpose Subsidiary (other than with respect to Special Purpose Financing Undertakings), such Indebtedness will be deemed to be, and must be
classified by the Borrower as, Incurred at such time (or at the time initially Incurred) under one or more of the other provisions of this Subsection 8.1 for so long as such Indebtedness shall be so recourse; and 3 in the event
that at any time thereafter such Indebtedness shall comply with the provisions of the preceding subclause (1), the Borrower may classify such Indebtedness in whole or in part as Incurred under this Subsection 8.1(b)(ix) ; 
 (x) Indebtedness of A the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary Incurred to finance or refinance,
or otherwise Incurred in connection with, any acquisition of assets (including Capital Stock), business or Person, or any merger or consolidation of any Person with or into the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary; or B any Person
that is acquired by or merged or consolidated with or into the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (including Indebtedness thereof Incurred in connection with any such acquisition, merger or consolidation); provided that on the date of such
acquisition, merger or consolidation, after giving effect thereto, either 1 the Borrower could Incur at least 1.00 of additional Indebtedness pursuant to Subsection 8.1(b)(xvii) , 2 the Consolidated Total Leverage
Ratio of the Borrower would equal or be less than the Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio of the Borrower immediately prior to giving effect thereto, 3 the Borrower could Incur at least 1.00 of additional Indebtedness pursuant to
 Subsection 8.1(a) or 4 the Consolidated Coverage Ratio of the Borrower would equal or be greater than the Consolidated Coverage Ratio of the Borrower immediately prior to giving effect thereto; provided , further ,
that if, at the Borrower s option, on the date of the initial borrowing of such Indebtedness or entry into the definitive agreement providing the commitment to fund such Indebtedness, pro forma effect is given to the Incurrence of the entire
committed amount of such Indebtedness, such committed amount may thereafter be borrowed and reborrowed, in whole or in part, from time to time, without further compliance with this clause (x); and any Refinancing Indebtedness with respect to any
such Indebtedness; (xi) Contribution Indebtedness and any Refinancing Indebtedness with respect thereto;
 (xii) Indebtedness issuable upon the conversion or exchange of shares of Disqualified Stock issued in
accordance with Subsection 8.1(a) , and any Refinancing Indebtedness with respect thereto; 
 165 

(xiii) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted
Subsidiary in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not exceeding an amount equal to the greater of 412,500,000 and 25.00 of Consolidated Tangible Assets; 
 (xiv) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary Incurred as consideration in connection with or
otherwise to finance any acquisition of assets (including Capital Stock), business or Person, or any merger or consolidation of any Person with or into the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, and any Refinancing Indebtedness with respect thereto,
in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not exceeding an amount equal to the greater of 115,500,000 and 7.00 of Consolidated Tangible Assets; 
 (xv) Indebtedness of any Foreign Subsidiary in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding not
exceeding an amount equal to the sum of i the greater of 272,500,000 and 16.50 of Consolidated Tangible Assets and ii an amount equal to (but not less than zero) A the Foreign Borrowing Base less B the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness Incurred by Special Purpose Subsidiaries that are Foreign Subsidiaries and then outstanding pursuant to Subsection 8.1(b)(ix) , less C the aggregate principal
amount of Indebtedness Incurred and then outstanding pursuant to Subsection 8.1(b)(i)(I)(B)(y)(1) in excess of the Domestic Borrowing Base, plus D in the event of any refinancing of any Indebtedness Incurred under this
clause (xv), the aggregate amount of fees, underwriting discounts, premiums and other costs and expenses (including accrued and unpaid interest) Incurred or payable in connection with such refinancing; 
 (xvi) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in an aggregate principal amount not greater
than twice the aggregate amount of Restricted Payments which could be made at the time of such Incurrence pursuant to Subsection 8.2(a)(3) , 8.2(b)(iii) , 8.2(b)(v) , 8.2(b)(vi) or 8.2(b)(xv) ; and any Refinancing
Indebtedness with respect thereto; provided that the Incurrence of Indebtedness in reliance on amounts available for making Restricted Payments pursuant to any of the foregoing clauses of Subsection 8.2 shall reduce the amount
available under any such applicable clause by an amount equal to the outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness; and 
 (xvii) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in an unlimited amount if, after giving effect
to the Incurrence of such amount (or, at the Borrower s option, on the date of the initial borrowing of such Indebtedness or entry into the definitive agreement providing the commitment to fund such Indebtedness after giving pro forma effect to
the Incurrence of the entire committed amount thereof, in which case such committed amount may thereafter be borrowed and reborrowed in whole or in part, from time to time, without further compliance with this clause (xvii)), the Consolidated Total
Leverage Ratio shall not exceed 5.00:1.00; provided , that the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness that may be Incurred pursuant to this Subsection 8.1(b)(xvii) by Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Subsidiary Guarantors or
Escrow Subsidiaries, together with the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Indebtedness Incurred by Restricted Subsidiaries that are not Subsidiary Guarantors or Escrow Subsidiaries pursuant to Subsection 8.1(a) , shall not exceed the
greater of 437,500,000 and 26.50 of Consolidated Tangible Assets at any time outstanding. 
 166 

(c) For purposes of determining compliance with, and the outstanding
principal amount of any particular Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to and in compliance with, this Subsection 8.1 , i any other obligation of the obligor on such Indebtedness (or of any other Person who could have Incurred such
Indebtedness under this Subsection 8.1 arising under any Guarantee, Lien or letter of credit, bankers acceptance or other similar instrument or obligation supporting such Indebtedness shall be disregarded to the extent that such
Guarantee, Lien or letter of credit, bankers acceptance or other similar instrument or obligation secures the principal amount of such Indebtedness; ii in the event that Indebtedness Incurred pursuant to Subsection 8.1(b) 
meets the criteria of more than one of the types of Indebtedness described in Subsection 8.1(b) , the Borrower, in its sole discretion, shall classify such item of Indebtedness and may include the amount and type of such Indebtedness in one or
more of the clauses or subclauses of Subsection 8.1(b) (including in part under one such clause or subclause and in part under another such clause or subclause); provided that (if the Borrower shall so determine) any Indebtedness
Incurred pursuant to x Subsection 8.1(b)(viii)(H) , (b)(xiii) , (b)(xiv) , (b)(xv) or (b)(xvi) shall cease to be deemed Incurred or outstanding for purposes of such clause or subclause but shall be
deemed Incurred for the purposes of Subsection 8.1(a) or (b)(xvii) , as applicable, from and after the first date on which the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary could have Incurred such Indebtedness under Subsection 8.1(a) or
 (b)(xvii) , as applicable, without reliance on such clause or subclause and y the Cash Capped Incremental Facility shall cease to be deemed Incurred or outstanding for purposes of such definition but shall be deemed Incurred for
the purposes of the Ratio Incremental Facility from and after the first date on which the Borrower could have Incurred such Indebtedness under the Ratio Incremental Facility without reliance on such provision; iii in the event that
Indebtedness could be Incurred in part under Subsection 8.1(a) , the Borrower, in its sole discretion, may classify a portion of such Indebtedness as having been Incurred under Subsection 8.1(a) and the remainder of such Indebtedness as
having been Incurred under Subsection 8.1(b) ; iv the amount of Indebtedness issued at a price that is less than the principal amount thereof shall be equal to the amount of the liability in respect thereof determined in
accordance with GAAP; v the principal amount of Indebtedness outstanding under any clause or subclause of Subsection 8.1 , including for purposes of any determination of the Maximum Incremental Facilities Amount ,
shall be determined after giving effect to the application of proceeds of any such Indebtedness to refinance any such other Indebtedness; vi if any commitments in respect of revolving or deferred draw Indebtedness are established in
reliance on any provision of Subsection 8.1(b) measured by reference to Four Quarter Consolidated EBITDA or Consolidated Tangible Assets (or a percentage thereof), at the Borrower s option in the case of a Limited Condition
Transaction, on the date of the initial borrowing of such Indebtedness or entry into the definitive agreement providing for the commitment to fund such Indebtedness, after giving pro forma effect to the Incurrence of the entire committed amount of
such Indebtedness, such amount may thereafter be borrowed and reborrowed, in whole or in part, from time to time, irrespective of whether or not such Incurrence would cause such Four Quarter Consolidated EBITDA or Consolidated Tangible Assets (or a
percentage thereof) to be exceeded; vii if any Indebtedness is Incurred to refinance Indebtedness (or unutilized commitments in respect of Indebtedness) initially Incurred (or established) (or, to refinance Indebtedness Incurred (or
commitments established)) to refinance Indebtedness initially Incurred (or commitments initially established) in reliance on any provision of Subsection 8.1(b) measured by reference to Four Quarter Consolidated EBITDA or Consolidated
Tangible Assets (or a percentage thereof) at the time of Incurrence (or establishment) and such refinancing would cause such Four Quarter Consolidated EBITDA or Consolidated Tangible Assets (or a percentage thereof) to be exceeded if calculated
based on the Four Quarter Consolidated EBITDA or Consolidated Tangible Assets (or a percentage thereof) on the date of such refinancing, such Four Quarter Consolidated EBITDA or Consolidated Tangible Assets (or a percentage thereof) shall not be
deemed to be exceeded (and such refinancing Indebtedness shall be deemed permitted) so long as the outstanding or committed principal amount of such refinancing Indebtedness does not exceed an amount equal to the outstanding or committed principal
amount of such Indebtedness being refinanced, plus the aggregate amount of fees, underwriting discounts, premiums and other costs and expenses (including accrued and unpaid interest) Incurred or payable in connection with such refinancing; and viii if any Indebtedness is Incurred to refinance Indebtedness (or unutilized commitments in respect of Indebtedness) initially Incurred (or established) (or, to refinance Indebtedness Incurred (or commitments established) to refinance
Indebtedness initially Incurred (or commitments initially established)) in reliance on any provision of Subsection 8.1(b) measured by a dollar amount, such dollar amount shall not be deemed to be exceeded (and such refinancing Indebtedness
shall be deemed permitted) to the extent the outstanding or committed principal amount of such refinancing Indebtedness does not exceed an amount equal to the outstanding or committed principal amount of such Indebtedness being refinanced,
 plus the aggregate amount of fees, underwriting discounts, premiums and other costs and expenses (including accrued and unpaid interest) Incurred or payable in connection with such refinancing. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary,
Indebtedness Incurred by the Borrower on the Closing Date under this Agreement or the Senior ABL Agreement, shall be classified as Incurred under Subsection 8.1(b) , and not under Subsection 8.1(a) . 
 167 

(d) For purposes of determining compliance with any provision of
 Subsection 8.1(b) (or any category of Permitted Liens described in the definition thereof) measured by a dollar amount or by reference to Four Quarter Consolidated EBITDA or Consolidated Tangible Assets (or a percentage thereof), in each
case, for the Incurrence of Indebtedness or Liens securing Indebtedness denominated in a foreign currency, the dollar equivalent principal amount of such Indebtedness Incurred pursuant thereto shall be calculated based on the relevant currency
exchange rate in effect on the date that such Indebtedness was Incurred, in the case of term Indebtedness, or first committed, in the case of revolving or deferred draw Indebtedness; provided that x the dollar equivalent
principal amount of any such Indebtedness outstanding on the Closing Date shall be calculated based on the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the Closing Date, y if such Indebtedness is Incurred to refinance other
Indebtedness denominated in a foreign currency (or in a different currency from such Indebtedness so being Incurred), and such refinancing would cause the applicable provision of paragraph (b) above (or category of Permitted Liens) measured by
a dollar amount or by reference to Four Quarter Consolidated EBITDA or Consolidated Tangible Assets (or a percentage thereof), as applicable, to be exceeded if calculated at the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on the date of such
refinancing, such provision of Subsection 8.1(b) (or category of Permitted Liens) measured by a dollar amount or by reference to Four Quarter Consolidated EBITDA or Consolidated Tangible Assets (or a percentage thereof), as applicable, shall
be deemed not to have been exceeded so long as the principal amount of such refinancing Indebtedness does not exceed i the outstanding or committed principal amount (whichever is higher) of such Indebtedness being refinanced
 plus ii the aggregate amount of fees, underwriting discounts, premiums and other costs and expenses (including accrued and unpaid interest) Incurred or payable in connection with such refinancing and z the dollar
equivalent principal amount of Indebtedness denominated in a foreign currency and Incurred pursuant to this Agreement or any Senior ABL Facility shall be calculated based on the relevant currency exchange rate in effect on, at the Borrower s
option, A the Closing Date, B any date on which any of the respective commitments under this Agreement or the applicable Senior ABL Facility shall be reallocated between or among facilities or subfacilities hereunder or
thereunder, or on which such rate is otherwise calculated for any purpose thereunder, C the date of such Incurrence or D the date on which such Indebtedness is allocated or priced, as applicable. The principal amount of
any Indebtedness Incurred to refinance other Indebtedness, if Incurred in a different currency from the Indebtedness being refinanced, shall be calculated based on the currency exchange rate applicable to the currencies in which such respective
Indebtedness is denominated that is in effect on the date of such refinancing. 
 168 

8.2 Limitation on Restricted Payments . (a) The Borrower shall
not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary, directly or indirectly, to i declare or pay any dividend or make any distribution on or in respect of its Capital Stock (including any such payment in connection with any merger or
consolidation to which the Borrower is a party) except x dividends or distributions payable solely in its Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) and y dividends or distributions payable to the Borrower or any
Restricted Subsidiary (and, in the case of any such Restricted Subsidiary making such dividend or distribution, to other holders of its Capital Stock on no more than a pro rata basis, measured by value), ii purchase, redeem, retire or
otherwise acquire for value any Capital Stock of the Borrower held by Persons other than the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary (other than any acquisition of Capital Stock deemed to occur upon the exercise of options if such Capital Stock
represents a portion of the exercise price thereof), iii voluntarily purchase, repurchase, redeem, defease or otherwise voluntarily acquire or retire for value, prior to scheduled maturity, scheduled repayment or scheduled sinking fund
payment, any Junior Debt (other than a purchase, repurchase, redemption, defeasance or other acquisition or retirement for value in anticipation of satisfying a sinking fund obligation, principal installment or final maturity, in each case due
within one year of the date of such purchase, repurchase, redemption, defeasance or other acquisition or retirement), or iv make any Investment (other than a Permitted Investment) in any Person (any such dividend, distribution,
purchase, repurchase, redemption, defeasance, other acquisition or retirement or Investment being herein referred to as a Restricted Payment ), if at the time the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary makes such Restricted Payment
after giving effect thereto: (1) [reserved]; 
 (2) [reserved]; or 
 (3) the aggregate amount of such Restricted Payment and all other Restricted Payments (the amount so expended,
if other than in cash, to be as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors, whose determination shall be conclusive and evidenced by a resolution of the Board of Directors) declared or made subsequent to the Closing Date and then outstanding
would exceed, without duplication, the sum of: (A) 50.0 of the Consolidated Net Income accrued during
the period (treated as one accounting period) beginning on the first day of the Fiscal Quarter of the Borrower in which the Closing Date occurs to the end of the most recent Fiscal Quarter of the Borrower ending prior to the date of such Restricted
Payment for which consolidated financial statements of the Borrower (or, any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle whose financial statements satisfy the Borrower s reporting obligations under Subsection 7.1 are available (or, in case such
Consolidated Net Income shall be a negative number, 100.0 of such negative number); 
 169 

(B) the aggregate Net Cash Proceeds and the fair value (as
determined in good faith by the Borrower, which determination shall be conclusive) of property or assets received x by the Borrower as capital contributions to the Borrower after the Closing Date or from the issuance or sale (other
than to a Restricted Subsidiary) of its Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) after the Closing Date (other than Excluded Contributions, Pubco IPO Transaction Proceeds and Contribution Amounts) or y by the Borrower or any
Restricted Subsidiary from the Incurrence by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary after the Closing Date of Indebtedness that shall have been converted into or exchanged for Capital Stock of the Borrower (other than Disqualified Stock) or
Capital Stock of any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle, plus the amount of any cash and the fair value (as determined in good faith by the Borrower, which determination shall be conclusive) of any property or assets, received by the Borrower or
any Restricted Subsidiary upon such conversion or exchange; (C) i the aggregate amount of cash
and the fair value (as determined in good faith by the Borrower, which determination shall be conclusive) of any property or assets received from dividends, distributions, interest payments, return of capital, repayments of Investments or other
transfers of assets to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary from any Unrestricted Subsidiary, including dividends or other distributions related to dividends or other distributions made pursuant to Subsection 8.2(b)(ix) , plus ii the aggregate amount resulting from the redesignation of any Unrestricted Subsidiary as a Restricted Subsidiary (valued in each case as provided in the definition of Investment and 
 (D) in the case of any disposition or repayment of any Investment constituting a Restricted Payment (without
duplication of any amount deducted in calculating the amount of Investments at any time outstanding included in the amount of Restricted Payments), the aggregate amount of cash and the fair value (as determined in good faith by the Borrower, which
determination shall be conclusive) of any property or assets received by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary with respect to all such dispositions and repayments. 
 (b) The provisions of Subsection 8.2(a) do not prohibit any of the following (each, a Permitted
Payment ): (i) x any purchase, redemption, repurchase, defeasance or other acquisition
or retirement of Capital Stock of the Borrower Treasury Capital Stock or any Junior Debt made by exchange (including any such exchange pursuant to the exercise of a conversion right or privilege in connection with which cash is
paid in lieu of the issuance of fractional shares) for, or out of the proceeds of the issuance or sale of, Capital Stock of the Borrower (other than Disqualified Stock and other than Capital Stock issued or sold to a Subsidiary) Refunding
Capital Stock or a capital contribution to the Borrower, in each case other than Excluded Contributions, Pubco IPO Transaction Proceeds and Contribution Amounts; provided that the Net Cash Proceeds from such issuance, sale or
capital contribution shall be excluded in subsequent calculations under Subsection 8.2(a)(3)(B) ; and y if immediately prior to such acquisition or retirement of such Treasury Capital Stock, dividends thereon were permitted
pursuant to Subsection 8.2(b)(xi) , dividends on such Refunding Capital Stock in an aggregate amount per annum not exceeding the aggregate amount per annum of dividends so permitted on such Treasury Capital Stock; 
 170 

(ii) any dividend paid or redemption made within 60 days
after the date of declaration thereof or of the giving of notice thereof, as applicable, if at such date of declaration or the giving of such notice, such dividend or redemption would have complied with this Subsection 8.2 ; 
 (iii) Investments or other Restricted Payments x in an aggregate amount outstanding at any time
not to exceed the amount of Excluded Contributions or y without duplication of clause (x), in an aggregate amount outstanding at any time not to exceed an amount equal to the product of i the Net Available Cash from an
Asset Disposition in respect of property or assets acquired after the Closing Date, if the acquisition of such property or assets was financed with Excluded Contributions, multiplied by ii a fraction the numerator of which is the
aggregate amount of Excluded Contributions used to finance the acquisition of such property or assets and the denominator of which is the aggregate cash consideration for the acquisition of such property or assets; 
 (iv) loans, advances, dividends or distributions by the Borrower to any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle (whether
made directly or indirectly and with Parent Entity including, for this purpose, back to back transactions involving x Management Holdings or y any other management feeder employed by a
Parent Entity for compensatory and/or tax purposes) to permit any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle to repurchase or otherwise acquire its Capital Stock or other debt or equity securities (including any options, warrants or other rights in respect
thereof), or payments by the Borrower or its Subsidiaries to repurchase or otherwise acquire Capital Stock or other debt or equity securities of any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle or the Borrower or any Subsidiary (including any options, warrants or
other rights in respect thereof), in each case from or to current or former Management Investors (including any repurchase or acquisition by reason of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle retaining any Capital
Stock or other debt or equity securities, option, warrant or other right in respect of tax withholding obligations, and any related payment in respect of any such obligation), such payments, loans, advances, dividends or distributions not to exceed
an amount (net of repayments of any such loans or advances) equal to x ( 1 the greater of 60,000,000 and 4.00 of Consolidated Tangible Assets, plus 2 the greater of 60,000,000 and 4.00 of
Consolidated Tangible Assets multiplied by the number of calendar years that have commenced since the Closing Date, plus y the Net Cash Proceeds received by the Borrower (or by any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle and contributed to
the Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Borrower other than in the form of Disqualified Stock) on or since the Closing Date from, or as a capital contribution from, the issuance or sale to Management Investors of Capital Stock or
other debt or equity securities (including any options, warrants or other rights in respect thereof), to the extent such Net Cash Proceeds are not included in any calculation under Subsection 8.2(a)(3)(B)(x) , plus z the
cash proceeds of key man life insurance policies received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary (or by any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle and contributed to the Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Borrower) on or since the
Closing Date to the extent such cash proceeds are not included in any calculation under Subsection 8.2(a)(3)(A) ; provided that any cancellation of Indebtedness owing to the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary by any current or former
Management Investor in connection with any repurchase or other acquisition of Capital Stock or other debt or equity securities (including any options, warrants or other rights in respect thereof) from any Management Investor shall not constitute a
Restricted Payment for purposes of this covenant or any other provision of this Agreement; 
 171 

(v) Restricted Payments following a Qualified IPO
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Pubco IPO) in an amount not to exceed in any fiscal year of the Borrower the sum of x 7.0 of the aggregate gross proceeds received by the Borrower (whether directly, or indirectly through a
contribution to common equity capital) in or from such Qualified IPO and y 7.0 of Market Capitalization; 
 (vi) Restricted Payments (including loans or advances) in an aggregate amount outstanding at any time not to
exceed an amount (net of repayments of any such loans or advances) equal to the sum of x the greater of 140,500,000 and 8.50 of Consolidated Tangible Assets, plus y the aggregate amount of all Declined Amounts,
 plus z the aggregate amount of all Leverage Excess Proceeds; (vii) loans, advances,
dividends, distributions or other payments by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle A to satisfy or permit any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle to satisfy obligations under the Transaction
Agreements, B pursuant to any Tax Sharing Agreement or to pay or permit any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle to pay (but without duplication) any amount pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreements (excluding any accelerated lump sum amount
payable upon an early termination of a Tax Receivables Agreement to the extent such amount exceeds the amount that would have been payable under such agreement in the absence of such acceleration) or C to pay or permit any Parent
Entity or IPO Vehicle to pay (but without duplication) any Parent Expenses or any Related Taxes; (viii)
payments by the Borrower, or loans, advances, dividends or distributions by the Borrower to any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle to make payments, to holders of Capital Stock of the Borrower or any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle in lieu of issuance of
fractional shares of such Capital Stock; 
 172 

(ix) dividends or other distributions of, or Investments
paid for or made with, Capital Stock, Indebtedness or other securities of Unrestricted Subsidiaries; (x)
any Restricted Payment pursuant to or in connection with the Transactions or the Tranche B Effective Date Transactions; 
 (xi) A dividends on any Designated Preferred Stock of the Borrower issued after the Closing Date;
 provided that at the time of such issuance and after giving effect thereto on a pro forma basis, the Consolidated Coverage Ratio would be equal to or greater than 2.00:1.00, B loans, advances, dividends or distributions to any
Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle to permit dividends on any Designated Preferred Stock of any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle issued after the Closing Date if the net proceeds of the issuance of such Designated Preferred Stock have been contributed to the
Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries; provided that the aggregate amount of all loans, advances, dividends or distributions paid pursuant to this subclause (B) shall not exceed the net proceeds of such issuance of Designated
Preferred Stock received by or contributed to the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries, or C any dividend on Refunding Capital Stock of the Borrower that is Preferred Stock; provided that at the time of the declaration
of such dividend and after giving effect thereto on a pro forma basis, the Consolidated Coverage Ratio would be equal to or greater than 2.00:1.00; 
 (xii) distributions or payments of Special Purpose Financing Fees; 
 (xiii) the declaration and payment of dividends to holders of any class or series of Disqualified Stock, or of
any Preferred Stock of a Restricted Subsidiary, Incurred in accordance with the terms of Subsection 8.1 ; 
 (xiv) any purchase, redemption, repurchase, defeasance or other acquisition, retirement or repayment of any
Junior Debt u made by exchange for, or out of the proceeds of the Incurrence of, 1 Refinancing Indebtedness Incurred in compliance with Subsection 8.1 or 2 new Indebtedness of the Borrower, or a
Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, Incurred in compliance with Subsection 8.1 , so long as such new Indebtedness satisfies all requirements for Refinancing Indebtedness set forth in the definition thereof applicable to a
refinancing of such Junior Debt, v from Net Available Cash or an equivalent amount to the extent permitted by Subsection 8.4 , w from declined amounts as contemplated by Subsection 4.4(h) , x following the occurrence of a Change of Control (or other similar event described therein as a change of control ), but only if the Borrower shall have complied with Subsection 8.8(a prior to purchasing, redeeming,
repurchasing, defeasing, acquiring, retiring or repaying such Junior Debt, y constituting Acquired Indebtedness or z in an aggregate amount at any time not exceeding an amount equal to the greater of 115,500,000 and
7.00 of Consolidated Tangible Assets; (xv) Investments in Unrestricted Subsidiaries in an aggregate
amount outstanding at any time not exceeding an amount equal to the greater of 190,000,000 and 11.50 of Consolidated Tangible Assets; 
 173 

(xvi) x any Restricted Payments of the type
described in clause (i) or (ii) of the definition thereof contained in Subsection 8.2(a) ; provided that on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such Restricted Payment the Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio would be equal
to or less than 3.00:1.00, y any Restricted Payments of the type described in clause (iii) of the definition thereof contained in Subsection 8.2(a) ; provided that on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such
Restricted Payment the Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio would be equal to or less than 3.50:1.00 and z any Restricted Payments of the type described in clause (iv) of the definition thereof contained in Subsection 8.2(a) ;
 provided that on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such Restricted Payment the Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio would be equal to or less than 3.75:1.00; 
 (xvii) Restricted Payments in cash to pay or permit any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle to pay any amounts payable
in respect of guarantees, indemnities, obligations in respect of earn-outs or other purchase price adjustments, or similar obligations, incurred in connection with the acquisition or disposition of any business, assets or Person, as long as such
business, assets or Person have been acquired by or disposed of by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary, or such business, assets or Person (or in the case of a disposition, the Net Available Cash in respect thereof) have been contributed to the
Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary; (xviii) payments or distributions to satisfy dissenters or
appraisal rights and the settlement of any claims or actions (whether actual, contingent or potential) with respect thereto, pursuant to or in connection with any acquisition of assets (including Capital Stock), business or Person, or any merger or
consolidation of any Person with or into the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, or any other Investment; and 
 (xix) Restricted Payments to any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle the proceeds of which are applied by any Parent
Entity or IPO Vehicle in connection with any acquisition of assets (including Capital Stock), business or Person, or any merger or consolidation of any Person with or into such Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle or any Subsidiary thereof, or any other
Investment; provided that A such Restricted Payment shall be made substantially concurrently with the closing of such acquisition, merger or consolidation or other Investment and B any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle
shall, substantially concurrently with the closing thereof, cause 1 such business, assets or Person acquired and any liabilities assumed to be contributed to the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary or 2 the merger into
the Borrower or one of its Restricted Subsidiaries that is a Loan Party in accordance with Subsection 8.7 ; provided that A in the case of Subsections 8.2(b)(ii) and (viii) , the net amount of any such Permitted Payment shall be included in subsequent calculations of the amount of Restricted Payments and B in all cases other
than pursuant to clause (A) immediately above, the net amount of any such Permitted Payment shall be excluded in subsequent calculations of the amount of Restricted Payments. The amount of any Investment or other Restricted Payment, if other
than in cash, shall be determined in good faith by the Borrower, which determination shall be conclusive. The Borrower, in its sole discretion, may classify any Investment or other Restricted Payment as being made in part under one of the provisions
of this Subsection 8.2 (or, in the case of any Investment, the clauses or subclauses of Permitted Investments) and in part under one or more other such provisions (or, as applicable, such clauses or subclauses). 
 174 

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, this Agreement shall
not restrict any redemption or other payment by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary made as a mandatory principal redemption or other payment in respect of Junior Debt pursuant to an AHYDO saver provision of any agreement or
instrument in respect of Junior Debt, and the Borrower s determination in good faith (which determination shall be conclusive) of the amount of any such AHYDO saver mandatory principal redemption or other payment shall be conclusive
and binding for all purposes under this Agreement. 8.3 Limitation on Restrictive Agreements . The Borrower will
not, and will not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, create or otherwise cause to exist or become effective any consensual encumbrance or restriction on i the ability of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (other than
any Foreign Subsidiaries or any Excluded Subsidiaries) to create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien in favor of the Lenders in respect of obligations and liabilities under this Agreement or any other Loan Documents upon any of its property,
assets or revenues constituting Term Loan Priority Collateral as and to the extent contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, whether now owned or hereafter acquired or ii the ability of any Restricted Subsidiary to x pay dividends or make any other distributions on its Capital Stock or pay any Indebtedness or other obligations owed to the Borrower, y make any loans or advances to the Borrower or z transfer any of its
property or assets to the Borrower provided that dividend or liquidation priority between classes of Capital Stock, or subordination of any obligation (including the application of any remedy bars thereto) to any other obligation, will not
be deemed to constitute such an encumbrance or restriction), except any encumbrance or restriction: (a)
pursuant to an agreement or instrument in effect at or entered into on the Closing Date, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the ABL Facility Documents, the Senior Notes Documents, the ABL/Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement and, on and after
the execution and delivery thereof, any Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement, any Other Intercreditor Agreement, any Intercreditor Agreement Supplement, any Permitted Debt Exchange Notes (and any related documents) and any Additional Obligations
Documents; (b) pursuant to any agreement or instrument of a Person, or relating to Indebtedness or Capital
Stock of a Person, which Person is acquired by or merged or consolidated with or into the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, or which agreement or instrument is assumed by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in connection with an
acquisition of assets from such Person or any other transaction entered into in connection with any such acquisition, merger or consolidation, as in effect at the time of such acquisition, merger, consolidation or transaction (except to the extent
that such Indebtedness was Incurred to finance, or otherwise Incurred in connection with, such acquisition, merger, consolidation or transaction); provided that for purposes of this Subsection 8.3(b) , if a Person other than the
Borrower is the Successor Borrower with respect thereto, any Subsidiary thereof or agreement or instrument of such Person or any such Subsidiary shall be deemed acquired or assumed, as the case may be, by the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary, as
the case may be, when such Person becomes such Successor Borrower; 
 175 

(c) pursuant to an agreement or instrument (a
 Refinancing Agreement effecting a refinancing of Indebtedness Incurred or outstanding pursuant or relating to, or that otherwise extends, renews, refunds, refinances or replaces, any agreement or instrument referred to in
 Subsection 8.3(a) or (b) or this Subsection 8.3(c) (an Initial Agreement or that is, or is contained in, any amendment, supplement or other modification to an Initial Agreement or Refinancing Agreement
(an Amendment provided , however , that the encumbrances and restrictions contained in any such Refinancing Agreement or Amendment taken as a whole are not materially less favorable to the Lenders than encumbrances
and restrictions contained in the Initial Agreement or Initial Agreements to which such Refinancing Agreement or Amendment relates (as determined in good faith by the Borrower, which determination shall be conclusive); 
 (d) i pursuant to any agreement or instrument that restricts in a customary manner (as determined by
the Borrower in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive) the assignment or transfer thereof, or the subletting, assignment or transfer of any property or asset subject thereto, ii by virtue of any transfer of, agreement to
transfer, option or right with respect to, or Lien on, any property or assets of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary not otherwise prohibited by this Agreement, iii contained in mortgages, pledges or other security agreements
securing Indebtedness or other obligations of the Borrower or a Restricted Subsidiary to the extent restricting the transfer of the property or assets subject thereto, iv pursuant to customary provisions (as determined by the Borrower
in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive) restricting dispositions of real property interests set forth in any reciprocal easement agreements of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary, v pursuant to Purchase Money
Obligations that impose encumbrances or restrictions on the property or assets so acquired, vi on cash or other deposits or net worth or inventory imposed by customers or suppliers under agreements entered into in the ordinary course
of business, vii pursuant to customary provisions (as determined by the Borrower in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive) contained in agreements and instruments entered into in the ordinary course of business (including
but not limited to leases and licenses) or in joint venture and other similar agreements or in shareholder, partnership, limited liability company and other similar agreements in respect of non-wholly owned Restricted Subsidiaries, viii that arises or is agreed to in the ordinary course of business and does not detract from the value of property or assets of the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in any manner material to the Borrower or such Restricted
Subsidiary, ix pursuant to Hedging Obligations or Bank Products Obligations or x that arises under the terms of documentation governing any factoring agreement or any similar arrangements that in the good faith
determination of the Borrower, which determination shall be conclusive, are necessary or appropriate to effect such factoring agreement or similar arrangements; 
 (e) with respect to any agreement for the direct or indirect disposition of Capital Stock, property or assets
of any Person, imposing restrictions with respect to such Person, Capital Stock, property or assets pending the closing of such sale or other disposition; 
 176 

(f) by reason of any applicable law, rule, regulation or
order, or required by any regulatory authority having jurisdiction over the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary or any of their businesses, including any such law, rule, regulation, order or requirement applicable in connection with such
Restricted Subsidiary s status (or the status of any Subsidiary of such Restricted Subsidiary) as an Insurance Subsidiary; 
 (g) pursuant to an agreement or instrument i relating to any Indebtedness permitted to be
Incurred subsequent to the Closing Date pursuant to Subsection 8.1 x if the encumbrances and restrictions contained in any such agreement or instrument taken as a whole are not materially less favorable to the Lenders than the
encumbrances and restrictions contained in the Initial Agreements (as determined in good faith by the Borrower, which determination shall be conclusive), or y if such encumbrance or restriction is not materially more disadvantageous to
the Lenders than is customary in comparable financings (as determined in good faith by the Borrower, which determination shall be conclusive) and either 1 the Borrower determines in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive,
that such encumbrance or restriction will not materially affect the Borrower s ability to create and maintain the Liens on the Term Loan Priority Collateral pursuant to the Security Documents and make principal or interest payments on the Loans
or 2 such encumbrance or restriction applies only if a default occurs under a circumstance described in Subsection 9.1(f) or in respect of a payment or financial covenant relating to such Indebtedness, ii relating
to any sale of receivables by or Indebtedness of a Foreign Subsidiary or iii relating to Indebtedness of or a Financing Disposition by or to or in favor of any Special Purpose Entity; 
 (h) any agreement relating to intercreditor arrangements and related rights and obligations, to or by which the
Lenders and/or the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any other agent, trustee or representative on their behalf may be party or bound at any time or from time to time, and any agreement providing that in the event that a Lien is granted
for the benefit of the Lenders another Person shall also receive a Lien, which Lien is permitted by Subsection 8.6 ; or 
 (i) any agreement governing or relating to Indebtedness and/or other obligations and liabilities secured by a
Lien permitted by Subsection 8.6 (in which case any restriction shall only be effective against the assets subject to such Lien, except as may be otherwise permitted under this Subsection 8.3 ). 
 8.4 Limitation on Sales of Assets and Subsidiary Stock . (a) The Borrower will not, and will not permit any
Restricted Subsidiary to, make any Asset Disposition unless: (i) the Borrower or such Restricted
Subsidiary receives consideration (including by way of relief from, or by any other Person assuming responsibility for, any liabilities, contingent or otherwise) at the time of such Asset Disposition at least equal to the fair market value (as of
the date on which a legally binding commitment for such Asset Disposition was entered into) of the shares and assets subject to such Asset Disposition, as such fair market value may be determined (and shall be determined, to the extent such Asset
Disposition or any series of related Asset Dispositions involves aggregate consideration in excess of the greater of 100,000,000 and 6.50 of Consolidated Tangible Assets) in good faith by the Borrower, whose determination shall be conclusive
(including as to the value of all non-cash consideration); 
 177 

(ii) in the case of any Asset Disposition (or series of
related Asset Dispositions) having a fair market value (as determined in good faith by the Borrower, whose determination shall be conclusive), as of the date on which a legally binding commitment for such Asset Disposition was entered into of the
greater of 100,000,000 and 6.50 of Consolidated Tangible Assets or more, at least 75.0 of the consideration therefor (excluding, in the case of an Asset Disposition (or series of related Asset Dispositions), any consideration by way of relief
from, or by any other Person assuming responsibility for, any liabilities, contingent or otherwise, that are not Indebtedness) received by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary for such Asset Disposition, when taken together with any
consideration received by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary in connection with all other Asset Dispositions since the Closing Date (on a cumulative basis), is in the form of cash; and 
 (iii) either x if the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary elects, to the extent such Asset
Disposition or Recovery Event is an Asset Disposition or Recovery Event of assets that constitute ABL Priority Collateral, to purchase, redeem, repay or prepay, to the extent the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary is required by the terms
thereof, Indebtedness under the Senior ABL Facility or (in the case of letters of credit, bankers acceptances or other similar instruments issued thereunder) cash collateralize any such Indebtedness within the time period required by such
Indebtedness after the later of the date of such Asset Disposition or Recovery Event, as the case may be, and the date of receipt of such Net Available Cash or y to the extent required by Subsection 8.4(b) , the Net Available
Cash from such Asset Disposition (such amount, the Net Available Cash Amount is applied by the Borrower (or any Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be) as provided therein. 
 (b) In the event that on or after the Closing Date the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary shall make an Asset Disposition
or a Recovery Event in respect of Collateral shall occur, subject to Subsection 8.4(a) , an amount equal to 100.0 (as such percentage may be adjusted pursuant to clause (3) of the proviso to this Subsection 8.4(b) of the Net
Available Cash from such Asset Disposition or Recovery Event shall be applied by the Borrower (or any Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be) as follows: 
 (i) first , to the extent the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary elects (by delivery of an
officer s certificate by a Responsible Officer to the Administrative Agent) to invest in Additional Assets (including by means of an investment in Additional Assets by a Restricted Subsidiary with an amount equal to Net Available Cash received
by the Borrower or another Restricted Subsidiary) within x 720 days after the later of the date of such Asset Disposition or Recovery Event, as the case may be, and the date of receipt of such Net Available Cash (such period the
 Reinvestment Period or, y if such investment in Additional Assets is a project authorized by the Board of Directors that will take longer than such 720 days to complete and is subject to a binding written commitment
or letter of intent entered into during the Reinvestment Period, an additional 180 days after the last day of the Reinvestment Period (it being understood and agreed that if no such investment is made within the Reinvestment Period as extended by
this clause (y), the Borrower shall make the prepayments required by Subsection 8.4(b)(ii) within ten Business Days after the earlier to occur of I the last day of such Reinvestment Period as extended by this clause
(y) and II the date the Borrower elects not to pursue such investment); 
 178 

(ii) second , 1 if no application of Net
Available Cash election is made pursuant to the preceding clause (i) with respect to such Asset Disposition or Recovery Event or 2 if such election is made to the extent of the balance of such Net Available Cash or equivalent
amount after application in accordance with Subsection 8.4(b)(i) , within ten Business Days after the end of the Reinvestment Period specified in clause (i) above (as extended pursuant to clause (y) of such clause (i)) x to the extent such Asset Disposition or Recovery Event is an Asset Disposition or Recovery Event of assets that constitute Collateral, to purchase, redeem, repay, prepay, make an offer to prepay or repurchase, or deliver a notice of
redemption, in accordance with Subsection 4.4(e)(i) (subject to Subsection 4.4(h) or the agreements or instruments governing the relevant Indebtedness described in clause (B) below (subject to any provision under such
agreement or instrument analogous to Subsection 4.4(h) ), as applicable, A the Term Loans and B to the extent the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary is required by the terms thereof any Pari Passu Indebtedness on
no more than a pro rata basis with the Term Loans and y to the extent such Asset Disposition is an Asset Disposition of assets that do not constitute Collateral, to purchase, redeem, repay, prepay, make an offer to prepay or
repurchase, or deliver a notice of redemption, in accordance with Subsection 4.4(e)(i) (subject to Subsection 4.4(h) or the agreements or instruments governing any relevant Indebtedness permitted under Subsection 8.1 
(subject to any provision under such agreement or instrument analogous to Subsection 4.4(h) ), as applicable, A the Term Loans and B to the extent the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary is required by the
terms thereof, any other Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness subordinated in right of payment to the Term Loan Facility Obligations) on no more than a pro rata basis with the Term Loans; and 
 (iii) third , to the extent of the balance of such Net Available Cash Amount or equivalent amount after
application in accordance with Subsections 8.4(b)(i) and (ii) above (including an amount equal to the amount of any prepayment otherwise contemplated by clause (ii) above in connection with such Asset Disposition or Recovery
Event that is declined by any Lender), to fund (to the extent consistent with any other applicable provision of this Agreement) any general corporate purpose (including but not limited to the repurchase, repayment or other acquisition or retirement
of any Junior Debt or the making of other Restricted Payments); provided , however , that 1 in connection with
any prepayment, repayment, purchase or redemption of Indebtedness pursuant to clause (ii) above, the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary will retire such Indebtedness and will cause the related loan commitment (if any) to be permanently
reduced in an amount equal to the principal amount so prepaid, repaid, purchased or redeemed; 2 the Borrower (or any Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be) may elect to invest in Additional Assets prior to receiving the Net
Available Cash attributable to any given Asset Disposition provided that, such investment shall be made no earlier than the earliest of notice of the relevant Asset Disposition to the Administrative Agent, execution of a definitive agreement
for the relevant Asset Disposition, and consummation of the relevant Asset Disposition) and deem the amount so invested to be applied pursuant to and in accordance with Subsection 8.4(b)(i) above with respect to such Asset Disposition; and 3 the percentage first set forth above in this Subsection 8.4(b) shall be reduced to x 50.0 if the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio at the time of such Asset Disposition (or, at the Borrower s option,
on the date a legally binding commitment for such Asset Disposition was entered into) or Recovery Event would be less than or equal to 3.25:1.00 and y 0.0 if the Consolidated Secured Leverage Ratio at the time of such Asset
Disposition (or, at the Borrower s option, on the date a legally binding commitment for such Asset Disposition was entered into) or Recovery Event would be less than or equal to 2.75:1.00, in each case after giving pro forma effect thereto and
to any application of Net Available Cash as set forth herein (any Net Available Cash in respect of such Asset Dispositions not required to be applied in accordance with this Subsection 8.4(b) as a result of the application of this proviso
shall collectively constitute Leverage Excess Proceeds ). 
 179 

(c) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Subsection 8.4 ,
the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries shall not be required to apply any Net Available Cash or equivalent amount in accordance with this Subsection 8.4 except to the extent that x the aggregate Net Available Cash from all
Asset Dispositions and Recovery Events in respect of Collateral or equivalent amount that is not applied in accordance with this Subsection 8.4 (excluding all Leverage Excess Proceeds) exceeds the greater of 80,000,000 and 5.00 of
Consolidated Tangible Assets, in which case the Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries shall apply all of such Net Available Cash from such Asset Dispositions and Recovery Events or equivalent amount from such Asset Dispositions in excess of such
threshold in accordance with Subsection 8.4(b) or y the terms of any Pari Passu Indebtedness would require Net Available Cash or the equivalent amount from such Asset Dispositions and Recovery Events to be applied to purchase,
redeem, repay or prepay such Indebtedness prior to reaching such greater of 80,000,000 and 5.00 of Consolidated Tangible Assets threshold. 
 (d) For the purposes of Subsection 8.4(a)(ii) , the following are deemed to be cash: 1 Temporary Cash
Investments and Cash Equivalents, 2 the assumption of Indebtedness of the Borrower (other than Disqualified Stock of the Borrower) or any Restricted Subsidiary and the release of the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary from all
liability on payment of the principal amount of such Indebtedness in connection with such Asset Disposition, 3 Indebtedness of any Restricted Subsidiary that is no longer a Restricted Subsidiary as a result of such Asset Disposition,
to the extent that the Borrower and each other Restricted Subsidiary are released from any Guarantee of payment of the principal amount of such Indebtedness in connection with such Asset Disposition, 4 securities received by the
Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary from the transferee that are converted by the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary into cash within 180 days, 5 consideration consisting of Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Restricted
Subsidiary, 6 Additional Assets, and 7 any Designated Noncash Consideration received by the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries in an Asset Disposition having an aggregate fair market value (as determined by
the Borrower in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive), taken together with all other Designated Noncash Consideration received pursuant to this clause (7), not to exceed an aggregate amount at any time outstanding equal to the greater
of 190,000,000 and 11.50 of Consolidated Tangible Assets (with the fair market value (as determined by the Borrower in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive) of each item of Designated Noncash Consideration being measured on the date
a legally binding commitment for such Asset Disposition (or, if later, for the payment of such item) was entered into and without giving effect to subsequent changes in value). 
 180 

8.5 Limitations on Transactions with Affiliates . (a) The
Borrower will not, and will not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly, enter into or conduct any transaction or series of related transactions (including the purchase, sale, lease or exchange of any property or the rendering of
any service) with any Affiliate of the Borrower (an Affiliate Transaction involving aggregate consideration in excess of the greater of 50,000,000 and 3.50 of Consolidated Tangible Assets unless i the terms of
such Affiliate Transaction are not materially less favorable to the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as the case may be, than those that could be obtained at the time in a transaction with a Person who is not such an Affiliate and ii if such Affiliate Transaction involves aggregate consideration in excess of the greater of 100,000,000 and 6.50 of Consolidated Tangible Assets, the terms of such Affiliate Transaction have been approved by a majority of the Board
of Directors. For purposes of this Subsection 8.5(a) , any Affiliate Transaction shall be deemed to have satisfied the requirements set forth in this Subsection 8.5(a) if x such Affiliate Transaction is approved by a
majority of the Disinterested Directors or y in the event there are no Disinterested Directors, a fairness opinion is provided by a nationally recognized appraisal or investment banking firm with respect to such Affiliate Transaction.
 (b) The provisions of Subsection 8.5(a) will not apply to: 
 (i) any Restricted Payment Transaction, 
 (ii) 1 the entering into, maintaining or performance of any employment or consulting contract,
collective bargaining agreement, benefit plan, program or arrangement, related trust agreement or any other similar arrangement for or with any current or former management member, employee, officer or director or consultant of or to the Borrower,
any Restricted Subsidiary or any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle heretofore or hereafter entered into in the ordinary course of business, including vacation, health, insurance, deferred compensation, severance, retirement, savings or other similar
plans, programs or arrangements, 2 payments, compensation, performance of indemnification or contribution obligations, the making or cancellation of loans in the ordinary course of business to any such management members, employees,
officers, directors or consultants, 3 any issuance, grant or award of stock, options, other equity related interests or other securities, to any such management members, employees, officers, directors or consultants, 4 the payment of reasonable fees to directors of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle (as determined in good faith by the Borrower, such Subsidiary or such Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle, which
determination shall be conclusive), or 5 Management Advances and payments in respect thereof (or in reimbursement of any expenses referred to in the definition of such term), 
 (iii) any transaction between or among any of the Borrower, one or more Restricted Subsidiaries, or one or more
Special Purpose Entities, 
 181 

(iv) any transaction arising out of agreements or
instruments in existence on the Closing Date and set forth on Schedule 8.5 (other than any Transaction Agreements referred to in Subsection 8.5(b)(vii) ), or any amendment, supplement, waiver or other modification thereto (so long as
such amendment, supplement, waiver or other modification is not disadvantageous in any material respect in the good faith judgment of the Borrower, whose determination shall be conclusive, to the Lenders when taken as a whole as compared to the
applicable agreement or instrument as in effect on the Closing Date), and any payments made pursuant thereto, 
 (v) any transaction in the ordinary course of business on terms that are fair to the Borrower and its
Restricted Subsidiaries in the reasonable determination of the Board of Directors or senior management of the Borrower, or are not materially less favorable to the Borrower or the relevant Restricted Subsidiary than those that could be obtained at
the time in a transaction with a Person who is not an Affiliate of the Borrower, (vi) any transaction in
the ordinary course of business, or approved by a majority of the Board of Directors, between the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary and any Affiliate of the Borrower controlled by the Borrower that is a joint venture or similar entity, 
 (vii) 1 the execution, delivery and performance of any obligations under any Tax Sharing Agreement or
payments by the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary to any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle to pay or permit any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle to pay any amount pursuant to the Tax Receivables Agreements (excluding the payment of any accelerated lump
sum amount payable upon an early termination of a Tax Receivables Agreement to the extent such amount exceeds the amount that would have been payable under such agreement in the absence of such acceleration) and any Transaction Agreement, and 2 payments to CD R or any of its Affiliates x for any management, consulting or advisory services pursuant to the CD R Consulting Agreement or as may be approved by a majority of the Disinterested Directors, y in connection with any acquisition, disposition, merger, recapitalization or similar transactions, which payments are made pursuant to the Transaction Agreements or are approved by a majority of the Board of Directors in good faith,
which determination shall be conclusive, and z of all out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with such services or activities, 
 (viii) the Transactions and the Tranche B Effective Date Transactions, all transactions in connection therewith
(including but not limited to the financing thereof), and all fees and expenses paid or payable in connection with the Transactions and the Tranche B Effective Date Transactions, including the fees and out-of-pocket expenses of CD R and its
Affiliates, (ix) any issuance or sale of Capital Stock (other than Disqualified Stock) of the Borrower or
Junior Capital or any capital contribution to the Borrower, (x) i any investment by any CD R
Investor in securities or loans of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (and payment of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by any CD R Investor in connection therewith) so long as such investments are being offered by the Borrower or
the applicable Restricted Subsidiary generally to investors (other than CD R Investors) on the same or more favorable terms and ii payments to any CD R Investor in respect of securities or loans of the Borrower or any of its
Restricted Subsidiaries contemplated in the foregoing subclause (i) or that were acquired from Persons other than the Borrower and its Restricted Subsidiaries, in each case, in accordance with the terms of such securities or loans, and 
 182 

(xi) the pledge of Capital Stock, Indebtedness or other
securities of any Unrestricted Subsidiary or joint venture to lenders to support the Indebtedness or other obligations of such Unrestricted Subsidiary or joint venture, respectively, owed to such lenders. 
 8.6 Limitation on Liens . The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any Restricted Subsidiary to, directly or
indirectly, create or permit to exist any Lien (other than Permitted Liens) on any of its property or assets (including Capital Stock of any other Person), whether owned on the Closing Date or thereafter acquired, securing any Indebtedness (the
 Initial Lien unless, in the case of Initial Liens on any asset or property other than Collateral, the Term Loan Facility Obligations are equally and ratably secured with (or on a senior basis to, in the case such Initial Lien
secures any Junior Debt) the obligations secured by such Initial Lien for so long as such obligations are so secured. Any such Lien created in favor of the Term Loan Facility Obligations pursuant to the preceding sentence requiring an equal and
ratable (or senior, as applicable) Lien for the benefit of the Term Loan Facility Obligations will be automatically and unconditionally released and discharged upon i the release and discharge of the Initial Lien to which it relates, ii in the case of any such Lien in favor of any Subsidiary Guaranty, the termination and discharge of such Subsidiary Guaranty in accordance with the terms thereof, hereof and of the ABL/Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement, any Junior
Lien Intercreditor Agreement and any Other Intercreditor Agreement, in each case, to the extent applicable, or iii any sale, exchange or transfer (other than a transfer constituting a transfer of all or substantially all of the assets
of the Borrower that is governed by the provisions of Subsection 8.7 to any Person not an Affiliate of the Borrower of the property or assets secured by such Initial Lien, or of all of the Capital Stock held by the Borrower or any Restricted
Subsidiary in, or all or substantially all the assets of, any Restricted Subsidiary creating such Initial Lien. 8.7
 Limitation on Fundamental Changes . (a) The Borrower will not consolidate with or merge with or into, or convey, lease or otherwise transfer all or substantially all its assets to, any Person (including pursuant to a Division), unless:
 (i) the resulting, surviving or transferee Person (the Successor Borrower will be a
Person organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America, any state thereof or the District of Columbia and the Successor Borrower (if not the Borrower) will expressly assume all the obligations of the Borrower under this
Agreement and the Loan Documents to which it is a party by executing and delivering to the Administrative Agent a joinder or one or more other documents or instruments in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; 
 (ii) immediately after giving effect to such transaction (and treating any Indebtedness that becomes an
obligation of the Successor Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary as a result of such transaction as having been Incurred by the Successor Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary at the time of such transaction), no Event of Default shall have
occurred and be continuing; 
 183 

(iii) immediately after giving effect to such transaction,
either A the Borrower (or, if applicable, the Successor Borrower with respect thereto) could Incur at least 1.00 of additional Indebtedness pursuant to Subsection 8.1(a) or Subsection 8.1(b)(xvii) , B the
Consolidated Coverage Ratio of the Borrower (or, if applicable, the Successor Borrower with respect thereto) would equal or exceed the Consolidated Coverage Ratio of the Borrower immediately prior to giving effect to such transaction or C the Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio of the Borrower (or, if applicable, the Successor Borrower with respect thereto) would equal or be less than the Consolidated Total Leverage Ratio of the Borrower immediately prior to giving
effect to such transaction; (iv) each Subsidiary Guarantor (other than x any Subsidiary
Guarantor that will be released from its obligations under its Subsidiary Guaranty in connection with such transaction and y any party to any such consolidation or merger) shall have delivered a joinder or other document or instrument
in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, confirming its Subsidiary Guaranty (other than any Subsidiary Guaranty that will be discharged or terminated in connection with such transaction); 
 (v) each Subsidiary Guarantor (other than x any Subsidiary that will be released from its grant
or pledge of Collateral under the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement in connection with such transaction and y any party to any such consolidation or merger) shall have by a supplement to the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement or
another document or instrument affirmed that its obligations thereunder shall apply to its Guarantee as reaffirmed pursuant to clause (iv) above; 
 (vi) [reserved]; and 
 (vii) the Borrower will have delivered to the Administrative Agent a certificate signed by a Responsible
Officer to the effect that such consolidation, merger or transfer complies with the provisions described in this Subsection 8.7(a) . 
 (b) Any Indebtedness that becomes an obligation of the Borrower (or, if applicable, any Successor Borrower with respect
thereto) or any Restricted Subsidiary (or that is deemed to be Incurred by any Restricted Subsidiary that becomes a Restricted Subsidiary) as a result of any such transaction undertaken in compliance with this Subsection 8.7 , and any
Refinancing Indebtedness with respect thereto, shall be deemed to have been Incurred in compliance with Subsection 8.1 . 
 (c) Upon any transaction involving the Borrower in accordance with Subsection 8.7(a) in which the Borrower is not the
Successor Borrower, the Successor Borrower will succeed to, and be substituted for, and may exercise every right and power of, the Borrower under the Loan Documents, and shall become the Borrower for all purposes of Loan Documents, and
thereafter the predecessor Borrower shall be relieved of all obligations and covenants under the Loan Documents, and shall cease to constitute the Borrower for all purposes of the Loan Documents, except that the predecessor Borrower in
the case of a lease of all or substantially all its assets will not be released from the obligation to pay the principal of and interest on the Term Loans. 
 184 

(d) Clauses (ii) and (iii) of Subsection 8.7(a) will not
apply to any transaction in which I the Borrower consolidates or merges with or into or transfers all or substantially all its properties and assets to x an Affiliate incorporated or organized for the purpose of
reincorporating or reorganizing the Borrower in another jurisdiction or changing its legal structure to a corporation, limited liability company or other entity or y a Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower so long as all assets of the
Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries immediately prior to such transaction (other than Capital Stock of such Restricted Subsidiary) are owned by such Restricted Subsidiary and its Restricted Subsidiaries immediately after the consummation
thereof or II an Escrow Subsidiary merges with and into the Borrower. Subsection 8.7(a) will not apply to i any transaction in which any Restricted Subsidiary consolidates with, merges into or transfers all or part of
its assets to the Borrower or ii the Transactions. 8.8 Change of Control; Limitation on Amendments .
The Borrower shall not and shall not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly: 
 (a) In the event of the occurrence of a Change of Control, repurchase or repay any Indebtedness then
outstanding pursuant to any Junior Debt or any portion thereof, unless the Borrower shall have, at its option, i made payment in full of the Loans and any other amounts then due and owing to any Lender or the Administrative Agent
hereunder and under any Note or ii made an offer (a Change of Control Offer to pay the Term Loans and any amounts then due and owing to each Lender and the Administrative Agent hereunder and under any Note and shall
have made payment in full thereof to each such Lender or the Administrative Agent which has accepted such offer. Upon the Borrower making payment in full of the Loans as provided in clause (i) of this Subsection 8.8(a) , or making a
Change of Control Offer in accordance with clause (ii) of this Subsection 8.8(a) (whether or not in connection with any repayment or repurchase of Indebtedness outstanding pursuant to Junior Debt), any Event of Default arising under
 Subsection 9.1(k) by reason of such Change of Control shall be deemed not to have occurred or be continuing. 
 (b) If an Event of Default under Subsection 9.1(a) or (f) is continuing, amend, supplement,
waive or otherwise modify any of the provisions of any indenture, instrument or agreement evidencing Subordinated Obligations or Guarantor Subordinated Obligations in a manner that i changes the subordination provisions of such
Indebtedness in a manner that is materially adverse to the Lenders or ii shortens the maturity date of such Indebtedness to a date that is prior to the Initial Term Loan Maturity Date or provides for a shorter weighted average life to
maturity than the remaining weighted average life to maturity of the Initial Term Loans; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this Subsection 8.8(b) shall not restrict or prohibit any refinancing of
Indebtedness (in whole or in part) permitted pursuant to Subsection 8.1 . (c) Amend, supplement,
waive or otherwise modify the terms of any Permitted Debt Exchange Notes, any Additional Obligations incurred pursuant to Subsection 8.1(b)(i) or any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of the foregoing or any indenture or agreement pursuant
to which such Permitted Debt Exchange Notes, Additional Obligations or Refinancing Indebtedness have been issued or incurred in any manner inconsistent with the requirements of the definition of Refinancing Indebtedness , assuming for
purposes of this Subsection 8.8(c) that such amendment, supplement, waiver or modification, mutatis mutandis , is a refinancing of such Additional Obligations, Permitted Debt Exchange Notes or Refinancing Indebtedness, as
applicable. 
 185 

8.9 Limitation on Lines of Business . The Borrower shall not, and
shall not permit any of its Restricted Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, enter into any business, either directly or through any Restricted Subsidiary, except for those businesses of the same general type as those in which the Borrower and
its Restricted Subsidiaries are engaged in on the Closing Date or which are reasonably related thereto and any business related thereto. 
 SECTION 9 
 Events of Default 
 9.1 Events of Default . Any of the following from and after the Closing Date shall constitute an event of default: 
 (a) The Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan when due in accordance with the terms hereof
(whether at stated maturity, by mandatory prepayment or otherwise); or the Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or any other amount payable hereunder, within five Business Days after any such interest or other amount becomes due in
accordance with the terms hereof, provided that any non-payment of principal, interest or other amounts resulting from the Borrower s good faith payment of an invoice received from the Administrative Agent shall not constitute an Event
of Default; or (b) Any representation or warranty made or deemed made by any Loan Party herein or in any
other Loan Document (or in any amendment, modification or supplement hereto or thereto) or which is contained in any certificate furnished at any time by or on behalf of any Loan Party pursuant to this Agreement or any such other Loan Document shall
prove to have been incorrect in any material respect on or as of the date made or deemed made, and for the failure of any representation or warranty that is capable of being cured (as determined in good faith by the Borrower, which determination
shall be conclusive), such default shall continue unremedied for a period of 30 days after the earlier of A the date on which a Responsible Officer of the Borrower becomes aware of such failure and B the date on which
written notice thereof shall have been given to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders; provided that the failure of any representation or warranty (other than the representations and warranties referenced in
 Subsection 6.1(o)(ii) and the representation contained in the Officer s Certificate delivered pursuant to Subsection 6.1(f) with respect to the satisfaction of the condition set forth in Subsection 6.1(o)(i) to be true and
correct on the Closing Date will not constitute an Event of Default hereunder or under any other Loan Document, including for the purposes of exercising any remedy under Subsection 9.2 of this Agreement or for the purpose of determining any
right to exercise enforcement rights under any Loan Document; or 
 186 

(c) Any Loan Party shall default in the payment, observance
or performance of any term, covenant or agreement contained in Section 8 ; or (d) Any Loan
Party shall default in the observance or performance of any other agreement contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document (other than as provided in clauses (a) through (c) or clause (k) of this Subsection 9.1 ), and
such default shall continue unremedied for a period of, in the case of a default with respect to failure to deliver financial statements under Subsection 7.1 or related certificates under Subsection 7.2 , 180 days, and in the case of
any other default, 30 days, in each case after the earlier of A the date on which a Responsible Officer of the Borrower becomes aware of such failure and B the date on which written notice thereof shall have been given to
the Borrower by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders; or (e) Any Loan Party or any of its
Restricted Subsidiaries shall i default in x any payment of principal of or interest on any Indebtedness (excluding Indebtedness hereunder and Indebtedness owed to the Borrower or any other Loan Party) in excess of the
greater of 100,000,000 and 6.50 of Consolidated Tangible Assets or y in the payment of any Guarantee Obligation in respect of Indebtedness in excess of the greater of 100,000,000 and 6.50 of Consolidated Tangible Assets, beyond the
period of grace, if any, provided in the instrument or agreement under which such Indebtedness or Guarantee Obligation was created; ii default in the observance or performance of any other agreement or condition relating to any
Indebtedness (excluding Indebtedness hereunder and any Indebtedness owed to the Borrower or any other Loan Party) or Guarantee Obligation referred to in clause (i) above or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or
relating thereto (other than a failure to provide notice of a default or an event of default under such instrument or agreement or default in the observance of or compliance with any financial maintenance covenant or any representation or warranty
related to such financial maintenance covenant), or any other event shall occur or condition exist, the effect of which default or other event or condition is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness or beneficiary or
beneficiaries of such Guarantee Obligation (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries) to cause, with the giving of notice or lapse of time if required, such Indebtedness to become due prior to its
stated maturity or such Guarantee Obligation to become payable (an Acceleration and the term Accelerated shall have a correlative meaning), and such time shall have lapsed and, if any notice (a Default
Notice shall be required to commence a grace period or declare the occurrence of an event of default before notice of Acceleration may be delivered, such Default Notice shall have been given and (in the case of the preceding clause
(i) or (ii)) such default, event or condition shall not have been remedied or waived by or on behalf of the holder or holders of such Indebtedness or Guarantee Obligation provided that the preceding clause (ii) shall not apply to x secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness, if such sale or transfer is permitted hereunder or y any termination event or
similar event pursuant to the terms of any Hedge Agreement); or iii in the case of any Indebtedness or Guarantee Obligations referred to in clause (i) above containing or otherwise requiring observance or compliance with any
financial maintenance covenant, default in the observance of or compliance with such financial maintenance covenant or any representation or warranty related to such financial maintenance covenant such that such Indebtedness or Guarantee Obligation
shall have been Accelerated and such Acceleration shall not have been rescinded; or 
 187 

(f) If i the Borrower or any Material
Subsidiary of the Borrower shall commence any case, proceeding or other action A under any existing or future law of any jurisdiction, domestic or foreign, relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or relief of debtors,
seeking to have an order for relief entered with respect to it, or seeking to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, winding-up, liquidation, dissolution, composition or other relief with respect
to it or its debts (excluding, in each case, the solvent liquidation or reorganization of any Foreign Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not a Loan Party), or B seeking appointment of a receiver, interim receiver, receivers, receiver
and manager, trustee, custodian, conservator or other similar official for it or for all or any substantial part of its assets, or the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary of the Borrower shall make a general assignment for the benefit of its
creditors; or ii there shall be commenced against the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary of the Borrower any case, proceeding or other action of a nature referred to in clause (i) above which A results in the entry
of an order for relief or any such adjudication or appointment or B remains undismissed, undischarged, unstayed or unbonded for a period of 90 days; or iii there shall be commenced against the Borrower or any Material
Subsidiary of the Borrower any case, proceeding or other action seeking issuance of a warrant of attachment, execution, distraint or similar process against all or any substantial part of its assets which results in the entry of an order for any
such relief which shall not have been vacated, discharged, stayed or bonded pending appeal within 90 days from the entry thereof; or iv the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary of the Borrower shall take any corporate or other similar
organizational action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any of the acts set forth in clause (i), (ii), or (iii) above; or v the Borrower or any Material Subsidiary of the Borrower
shall be generally unable to, or shall admit in writing its general inability to, pay its debts as they become due; or 
 (g) i Any Person shall engage in any prohibited transaction (as defined in
Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) involving any Plan, ii any failure to satisfy the minimum funding standard (within the meaning of Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not
waived, shall exist with respect to any Plan or any Lien in favor of the PBGC or a Plan shall arise on the assets of either of the Borrower or any Commonly Controlled Entity, iii a Reportable Event shall occur with respect to, or
proceedings shall commence to have a trustee appointed, or a trustee shall be appointed, to administer or to terminate, any Single Employer Plan, which Reportable Event or commencement of proceedings or appointment of a trustee is in the reasonable
opinion of the Administrative Agent likely to result in the termination of such Plan for purposes of Title IV of ERISA, iv any Single Employer Plan shall terminate for purposes of Title IV of ERISA other than a standard termination
pursuant to Section 4041(b) of ERISA, v either of the Borrower or any Commonly Controlled Entity shall, or in the reasonable opinion of the Administrative Agent is reasonably likely to, incur any liability in connection with a
withdrawal from, or the Insolvency of, a Multiemployer Plan, or vi any other event or condition shall occur or exist with respect to a Plan; and in each case in clauses (i) through (vi) above, such event or condition,
together with all other such events or conditions, if any, would be reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; or 
 188 

(h) One or more judgments or decrees shall be entered
against the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries involving in the aggregate at any time a liability (net of any insurance or indemnity payments actually received in respect thereof prior to or within 90 days from the entry thereof, or to
be received in respect thereof in the event of any appeal thereof shall be unsuccessful, or that the Borrower has determined there exists reasonable evidence that such amount will be reimbursed by the insurer or indemnifying party and such amount is
not denied by the applicable insurer or indemnifying party in writing within 180 days and is reimbursed within 365 days of the date of such evidence) of the greater of 100,000,000 and 6.50 of Consolidated Tangible Assets or more, and all such
judgments or decrees shall not have been vacated, discharged, satisfied, stayed or bonded pending appeal within 90 days from the entry thereof); or 
 (i) i The Guarantee and Collateral Agreement shall, or any other Security Document covering a
significant portion of the Collateral shall (at any time after its execution, delivery and effectiveness) cease for any reason to be in full force and effect (other than pursuant to the terms hereof or thereof), or any Loan Party which is a party to
any such Security Document shall so assert in writing or ii the Lien created by any of the Security Documents shall cease to be perfected and enforceable in accordance with its terms or of the same effect as to perfection and priority
purported to be created thereby with respect to any significant portion of the Term Loan Priority Collateral (or, after the Discharge of ABL Collateral Obligations, the Collateral) (other than in connection with any termination of such Lien in
respect of any Collateral as permitted hereby or by any Security Document) and such failure of such Lien to be perfected and enforceable with such priority shall have continued unremedied for a period of 20 days provided that if the failure
of such Lien to be perfected and enforceable results from the failure of the Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, to maintain possession of any certificates or documents actually delivered to them representing securities or
negotiable instruments pledged under the Collateral Documents, such 20 day grace period shall not commence until the Borrower becomes aware of the failure of such Lien to be perfected and enforceable); or 
 (j) Any Loan Party shall assert in writing that the ABL/Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement, any Junior Lien
Intercreditor Agreement (after execution and delivery thereof) or any Other Intercreditor Agreement (after execution and delivery thereof) shall have ceased for any reason to be in full force and effect (other than pursuant to the terms hereof or
thereof) or shall knowingly contest, or knowingly support any other Person in any action that seeks to contest, the validity or effectiveness of any such intercreditor agreement (other than pursuant to the terms hereof or thereof); or 
 (k) Subject to the Borrower s option to make a payment in full of all of the Loans, or to make a Change of
Control Offer, each in accordance with Subsection 8.8(a) (whether or not in connection with any repayment or repurchase of Indebtedness outstanding pursuant to any Junior Debt), a Change of Control shall have occurred. 
 189 

9.2 Remedies Upon an Event of Default . (a) If any Event of
Default occurs and is continuing, then, and in any such event, A if such event is an Event of Default specified in clause (i) or (ii) of Subsection 9.1(f) with respect to the Borrower, automatically the Commitments, if
any, shall immediately terminate and the Loans hereunder (with accrued interest thereon) and all other amounts owing under this Agreement shall immediately become due and payable, and B if such event is any other Event of Default, with
the consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent may, or upon the request of the Required Lenders the Administrative Agent shall, by notice to the Borrower, declare the Commitments to be terminated forthwith, whereupon the Commitments,
if any, shall immediately terminate, and/or declare the Loans hereunder (with accrued interest thereon) and all other amounts owing under this Agreement to be due and payable forthwith, whereupon the same shall immediately become due and payable.
 (b) Except as expressly provided above in this Section 9 , to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law,
presentment, demand, protest and all other notices of any kind are hereby expressly waived. (c) Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary, neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender may deliver notice of, or otherwise consent, take action or direct or require the Administrative Agent or any Lender to undertake any action in respect of, any Default or Event of
Default with respect to any action taken, and reported publicly pursuant to a press release, a filing with the SEC or a posting to the Platform or otherwise reported to Lenders, more than two years prior to such notice of, consent, action or
direction or requirement to undertake action in respect of, Default or Event of Default, and such notice, consent, action or direction or requirement to undertake action shall be invalid and have no effect. 
 SECTION 10 
 The Agents and the Other Representatives 
 10.1 Appointment . (a) Each Lender hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the Agents as the agents of such
Lender under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and each such Lender irrevocably authorizes each Agent, in such capacity, to take such action on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and to exercise
such powers and perform such duties as are expressly delegated to or required of such Agent by the terms of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Notwithstanding any
provision to the contrary elsewhere in this Agreement, the Agents and the Other Representatives shall not have any duties or responsibilities, except, in the case of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent, those expressly set forth
herein, or any fiduciary relationship with any Lender, and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or any other Loan Document or otherwise exist against any Agent or the
Other Representatives. (b) Each of the Agents may perform any of their respective duties under this Agreement, the other
Loan Documents and any other instruments and agreements referred to herein or therein by or through its respective officers, directors, agents, employees or affiliates, or delegate any and all such rights and powers to, any one or more sub-agents
appointed by such Agent (it being understood and agreed, for avoidance of doubt and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, that the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent may perform any of their respective duties under the
Security Documents by or through one or more of their respective affiliates). Each Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory
provisions of this Section 10 shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of each Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities
provided for herein as well as activities as Agent. 
 190 

(c) Except for Subsections 10.5 , 10.8(a) , (b) ,
 (c) , (e) and (g) , (to the extent of the Borrower s rights thereunder and the conditions included therein) 10.9 and 10.15 , the provisions of this Section 10 are solely for the benefit of the
Agents and the Lenders, and neither the Borrower nor any other Loan Party shall have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions. 
 10.2 The Administrative Agent and Affiliates . Each person serving as an Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and
powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not an Agent and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context
otherwise requires, include each person serving as an Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such person and its affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and
generally engage in any kind of business with any Holding Company, the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such person were not an Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders. 
 10.3 Action by an Agent . In performing its functions and duties under this Agreement, a each Agent shall
act solely as an agent for the Lenders and, as applicable, the other Secured Parties, and b no Agent assumes any (and shall not be deemed to have assumed any) relationship of agency or trust with or for the Borrower or any of its
Subsidiaries. Each Agent may execute any of its duties under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents by or through agents or attorneys-in-fact (including the Collateral Agent in the case of the Administrative Agent), and shall be entitled to
advice of counsel concerning all matters pertaining to such duties. No Agent shall be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agents or attorneys-in-fact or counsel selected by it with reasonable care. 
 10.4 Exculpatory Provisions . (a) No Agent shall have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth
herein and in the other Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, no Agent: (i)
shall be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing; 
 (ii) shall have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except
discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that such Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be
expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents); provided that such Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its judgment or the judgment of its counsel, may expose such Agent to liability or that is contrary to
any Loan Document or applicable Requirement of Law; and 
 191 

(iii) shall, except as expressly set forth herein and in the
other Loan Documents, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the person serving as such Agent or any of
its affiliates in any capacity. (b) No Agent shall be liable for any action taken or not taken by it x with
the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as such Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Subsection
9.2 or Subsection 11.1 , as applicable) or y in the absence of its own bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct. No Agent shall be deemed to have knowledge of any Default unless and until written notice describing
such Default is given to such Agent by the Borrower or a Lender. (c) No Agent shall be responsible for or have any duty
to ascertain or inquire into i any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document, ii the contents of any certificate, report, statement, agreement or other
document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, iii the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any
Default, iv the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or the creation, perfection or priority of any Lien purported to be
created by the Security Documents or v the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Section 6 or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to such Agent. Without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, the use of the term agent in this Agreement with reference to the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising
under agency doctrine of any applicable law. Instead, such term as used merely as a matter of market custom and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between independent contracting parties. 
 (d) Each party to this Agreement acknowledges and agrees that the Administrative Agent may use an outside service provider for
the tracking of all UCC financing statements required to be filed pursuant to the Loan Documents and notification to the Administrative Agent, of, among other things, the upcoming lapse or expiration thereof, and that any such service provider will
be deemed to be acting at the request and on behalf of the Borrower and the other Loan Parties. No Agent shall be liable for any action taken or not taken by any such service provider. 
 192 

10.5 Acknowledgement and Representations by Lenders . (a) Each
Lender expressly acknowledges that none of the Agents or the Other Representatives nor any of their officers, directors, employees, agents, attorneys-in-fact or affiliates has made any representations or warranties to it and that no act by any Agent
or any Other Representative hereafter taken, including any review of the affairs of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by such Agent or such Other Representative to any Lender. Each
Lender further represents and warrants to the Agents, the Other Representatives and each of the Loan Parties that it has had the opportunity to review the Confidential Information Memorandum and each other document made available to it on the
Platform in connection with this Agreement and has acknowledged and accepted the terms and conditions applicable to the recipients thereof. Each Lender represents to the Agents, the Other Representatives and each of the Loan Parties that,
independently and without reliance upon any Agent, the Other Representatives or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, it has made and will make, its own appraisal of and investigation into the
business, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of any Holding Company and the Borrower and the other Loan Parties, it has made its own decision to make its Loans hereunder and enter into this Agreement and it will
make its own decisions in taking or not taking any action under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and, except as expressly provided in this Agreement, neither the Agents nor any Other Representative shall have any duty or responsibility,
either initially or on a continuing basis, to provide any Lender or the holder of any Note with any credit or other information with respect thereto, whether coming into its possession before the making of the Loans or at any time or times
thereafter. Each Lender (other than, in the case of clause (i), an Affiliated Lender, any Parent Entity (other than any Holding Company) or any Unrestricted Subsidiary) represents to each other party hereto that i it is a bank, savings
and loan association or other similar savings institution, insurance company, investment fund or company or other financial institution which makes or acquires commercial loans in the ordinary course of its business and that it is participating
hereunder as a Lender for such commercial purposes and ii it has the knowledge and experience to be and is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of being a Lender hereunder. Each Lender acknowledges and agrees to comply with the
provisions of Subsection 11.6 applicable to the Lenders hereunder. (b) 
 (i) Each Lender hereby agrees that x if the Administrative Agent promptly notifies in writing
(which may be by e-mail) such Lender that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Lender from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates (whether as a payment, prepayment or
repayment of principal, interest, fees or otherwise; individually and collectively, a Payment were erroneously transmitted to such Lender (whether or not known to such Lender), and demands the return of such Payment (or a portion
thereof), such Lender shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day after receipt of such notice, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day
funds together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and
a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect, and y to the extent permitted by applicable law, such Lender shall not assert, and hereby
waives, as to the Administrative Agent, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Payments received, including without
limitation any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender under this Subsection 10.5(b) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 193 

(ii) Each Lender hereby further agree that if
it receives a Payment from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates x that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its
Affiliates) with respect to such Payment (a Payment Notice or y that was not preceded or accompanied by a Payment Notice, it shall be on notice, in each such case, that an error may have been made with respect to
such Payment. Each Lender agrees that, in each such case, if it otherwise becomes actually aware a Payment (or portion thereof) has been sent in error, such Lender shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent of such occurrence and, upon
prompt written demand from the Administrative Agent (which may be by e-mail), such Lender shall promptly, but in no event later than one Business Day after receipt of such demand from Administrative Agent, return to the Administrative Agent the
amount of any such Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Lender to
the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent at the greater of the NYFRB Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. 
 (iii) The Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby agrees that x in the event an erroneous
Payment (or portion thereof) are not recovered from any Lender that has received such Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Lender with respect to such amount and y an erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrower or any other Loan Party except, in each case, to the extent such erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to
the amount of such erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds of the Borrower or any other Loan Party. 
 (iv) Each party s obligations under this Subsection 10.5(b) shall survive the resignation or
replacement of the Administrative Agent or any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations under any Loan Document. 
 10.6 Indemnity; Reimbursement by Lenders . (a) To the extent that the Borrower or any other Loan Party for any
reason fails to indefeasibly pay any amount required under Subsection 11.5 to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent (or any sub-agent thereof), or the Collateral Agent (or any sub-agent thereof) or any Related Party of any of the
foregoing, each Lender severally agrees to pay ratably according to their respective Term Credit Percentages on the date on which the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought under this Subsection 10.6 such unpaid amount
(such indemnity shall be effective whether or not the related losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses are incurred or asserted by any party hereto or any third party); provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified
loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) or the Collateral Agent (or any sub-agent thereof) or against any Related Party of any of the
foregoing acting for the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent), the Collateral Agent (or any sub-agent thereof). The obligations of the Lenders under this Subsection 10.6 are subject to the provisions of Subsection 4.8 . 
 194 

(b) Any Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any
action hereunder and under any other Loan Document (except actions expressly required to be taken by it hereunder or under the Loan Documents) unless it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the Lenders pro rata against any and all
liability, cost and expense that it may incur by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. (c) All amounts
due under this Subsection 10.6 shall be payable not later than three Business Days after demand therefor. The agreements in this Subsection 10.6 shall survive the payment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 
 10.7 Right to Request and Act on Instructions . (a) Each Agent may at any time request instructions from the
Lenders with respect to any actions or approvals which by the terms of this Agreement or of any of the Loan Documents an Agent is permitted or desires to take or to grant, and if such instructions are promptly requested, the requesting Agent shall
be absolutely entitled as between itself and the Lenders to refrain from taking any action or to withhold any approval and shall not be under any liability whatsoever to any Lender for refraining from any action or withholding any approval under any
of the Loan Documents until it shall have received such instructions from Required Lenders or all or such other portion of the Lenders as shall be prescribed by this Agreement. Without limiting the foregoing, no Lender shall have any right of action
whatsoever against any Agent as a result of an Agent acting or refraining from acting under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents in accordance with the instructions of the Required Lenders (or all or such other portion of the Lenders as
shall be prescribed by this Agreement) and, notwithstanding the instructions of the Required Lenders (or such other applicable portion of the Lenders), an Agent shall have no obligation to any Lender to take any action if it believes, in good faith,
that such action would violate applicable law or exposes an Agent to any liability for which it has not received satisfactory indemnification in accordance with the provisions of Subsection 10.6 . 
 (b) Each Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request,
certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise
authenticated by the proper person. Each Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining
compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender unless the Administrative
Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to the making of such Loan. Each Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall
be entitled to rely upon the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with such advice. 
 195 

10.8 Collateral Matters . (a) Each Lender authorizes and directs
the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent to enter into x the Security Documents, the ABL/Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement, any Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement and any Other Intercreditor Agreement for the benefit of the
Lenders and the other Secured Parties, y any amendments, amendments and restatements, restatements or waivers of or supplements to or other modifications to the Security Documents, the ABL/Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement, any Junior
Lien Intercreditor Agreement and any Other Intercreditor Agreement or other intercreditor agreements in connection with the incurrence by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary thereof of Additional Indebtedness (each an Intercreditor Agreement
Supplement to permit such Additional Indebtedness to be secured by a valid, perfected lien (with such priority as may be designated by the Borrower or relevant Subsidiary, to the extent such priority is permitted by the Loan Documents)
and z any Incremental Commitment Amendment as provided in Subsection 2.8 together with any escrow agreement entered into in connection therewith, any Increase Supplement as provided in Subsection 2.8 , any Lender Joinder
Agreement as provided in Subsection 2.8 , any agreement required in connection with a Permitted Debt Exchange Offer pursuant to Subsection 2.9 , any Extension Amendment as provided in Subsection 2.10 , any Specified Refinancing
Amendment as provided in Subsection 2.11 , any agreement required in connection with a loan modification offer pursuant to Subsection 11.1(h) and any agreement required in connection with a Repricing Transaction pursuant to
 Subsection 11.1(i) . Each Lender hereby agrees, and each holder of any Note by the acceptance thereof will be deemed to agree, that, except as otherwise set forth herein, any action taken by the Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent or the
Required Lenders in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, the Security Documents, the ABL/Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement, a Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement, any Other Intercreditor Agreement, any Intercreditor Agreement
Supplement, any Incremental Commitment Amendment and any escrow agreement entered into in connection therewith, any Increase Supplement, any Lender Joinder Agreement or any agreement required in connection with a Permitted Debt Exchange Offer, loan
modification offer pursuant to Subsection 11.1(h) or Repricing Transaction pursuant to Subsection 11.1(i) or any Extension Amendment or any Specified Refinancing Amendment and the exercise by the Agents or the Required Lenders of the
powers set forth herein or therein, together with such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto, shall be authorized and binding upon all of the Lenders. Each Lender appoints and authorizes the Collateral Agent to act as the agent of such
Lender under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (and, in its capacity as Collateral Agent, to hold the benefit of any security interest created by the Security Documents and/or any asset and proceeds of any asset paid to, held by or
received or recovered by it under or in connection with the Loan Documents on trust for itself and the other Lenders according to its and their respective interests and upon the terms and conditions set out in the relevant Loan Documents). The
Collateral Agent is hereby authorized on behalf of all of the Lenders, without the necessity of any notice to or further consent from any Lender, from time to time, to take any action with respect to any applicable Collateral or Security Documents
which may be necessary to perfect and maintain perfected the security interest in and liens upon the Collateral granted pursuant to the Security Documents. Each Lender agrees that it will not have any right individually to enforce or seek to enforce
any Security Document or to realize upon any Collateral for the Loans unless instructed to do so by the Collateral Agent, it being understood and agreed that such rights and remedies may be exercised only by the Collateral Agent. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, each Lender expressly and irrevocably waives any right to take or institute any actions or proceedings, judicial or otherwise, for any right or remedy or assert any other cause of action against any Loan Party (including the exercise of
any right of set-off, rights on account of any banker s lien or similar claim or other rights of self-help), or institute any actions or proceedings or any other cause of action, or otherwise commence any remedial procedures, in each case in
its capacity as a Lender, against any Holding Company, the Borrower and/or any of their respective Subsidiaries or any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle with respect to any Collateral or any other property of any such Person, without the prior written
consent of the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders (which shall not be withheld in contravention of this Section 10 ); provided , that, for the avoidance of doubt, this provision may be enforced against any Lender by the
Required Lenders, the Agents or the Borrower (or any of its Affiliates) and each Lender and the Agents expressly acknowledge that this provision shall be available as a defense of the Borrower (or any of its Affiliates) in any action, proceeding,
cause of action or remedial procedure. The Collateral Agent may grant extensions of time for the creation and perfection of security interests in or the obtaining of title insurance, legal opinions or other deliverables with respect to particular
assets or the provision of any guarantee by any Subsidiary (including extensions beyond the Closing Date or in connection with assets acquired, or Subsidiaries formed or acquired, after the Closing Date) where it determines that such action cannot
be accomplished without undue effort or expense by the time or times at which it would otherwise be required to be accomplished by this Agreement or the Security Documents. 

 196 

(b) The Lenders hereby authorize each Agent, in each case at its option and
in its discretion, A to release any Lien granted to or held by such Agent upon any Collateral i upon termination of the Commitments and payment and satisfaction of all of the Term Loan Facility Obligations under the Loan
Documents at any time arising under or in respect of this Agreement or the Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby that are then due and unpaid, ii constituting property being sold or otherwise disposed of (to
Persons other than the Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor) upon the sale or other disposition thereof, iii owned by any Subsidiary Guarantor that is or becomes an Excluded Subsidiary, is released from its Term Loan Facility Obligations
pursuant to Subsection 7.9(b) or ceases to be a Restricted Subsidiary of the Borrower, or constituting Capital Stock or other equity interests of an Excluded Subsidiary (other than Capital Stock of a Foreign Subsidiary or a Subsidiary
described in clause (d) of the definition of Excluded Subsidiary if and to the extent it is required to be pledged as Collateral pursuant to any applicable Security Document), iv if approved, authorized or ratified in
writing by the Required Lenders (or such greater amount, to the extent required by Subsection 11.1 or v as otherwise may be expressly provided in the relevant Security Documents, B to enter into any intercreditor
agreement (including the ABL/Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement, a Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement and any Other Intercreditor Agreement) on behalf of, and binding with respect to, the Lenders and their interest in designated assets, to give
effect to any Special Purpose Financing, including to clarify the respective rights of all parties in and to designated assets, C at the written request of the Borrower to subordinate any Lien (or to confirm the absence of any Lien) on
any Excluded Assets or any other property granted to or held by such Agent, as the case may be under any Loan Document to the holder of any Permitted Lien (other than Permitted Liens securing the Obligations under the Loan Documents or that are
required by the express terms of this Agreement to be pari passu with or junior to the Liens on the Collateral securing the Term Loan Facility Obligations pursuant to the ABL/Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement, a Junior Lien Intercreditor
Agreement or an Other Intercreditor Agreement), D to release any Subsidiary Guarantor from its Term Loan Facility Obligations under any Loan Documents to which it is a party if such Person ceases to be a Restricted Subsidiary of the
Borrower, is released from its Term Loan Facility Obligations pursuant to Subsection 7.9(b) or is or becomes an Excluded Subsidiary and E to release any Lien granted to or held by such Agent upon any ABL Priority Collateral to
the extent required pursuant to the terms of the ABL/Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement or any Other Intercreditor Agreement. Upon request by any Agent, at any time, the Required Lenders or all or such other portion of the Lenders as shall be
prescribed by this Agreement will confirm in writing any Agent s authority to release particular types or items of Collateral pursuant to this Subsection 10.8 . 
 197 

(c) The Lenders hereby authorize the Administrative Agent and the Collateral
Agent, as the case may be, in each case at its option and in its discretion, to enter into any amendment, amendment and restatement, restatement, waiver, supplement or modification, and to make or consent to any filings or to take any other actions,
in each case as contemplated by Subsection 11.17 . Upon request by any Agent, at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agent s and the Collateral Agent s authority under this
 Subsection 10.8(c) . (d) No Agent shall have any obligation whatsoever to the Lenders to assure that the
Collateral exists or is owned by any Holding Company, the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or is cared for, protected or insured or that the Liens granted to any Agent herein or pursuant hereto have been properly or sufficiently or
lawfully created, perfected, protected or enforced or are entitled to any particular priority, or to exercise or to continue exercising at all or in any manner or under any duty of care, disclosure or fidelity any of the rights, authorities and
powers granted or available to the Agents in this Subsection 10.8 or in any of the Security Documents, it being understood and agreed by the Lenders that in respect of the Collateral, or any act, omission or event related thereto, each Agent
may act in any manner it may deem appropriate, in its sole discretion, given such Agent s own interest in the Collateral as a Lender and that no Agent shall have any duty or liability whatsoever to the Lenders, except for its gross negligence
or willful misconduct. (e) Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, any Security Document may be amended (or
amended and restated), restated, waived, supplemented or modified as contemplated by and in accordance with either Subsection 11.1 or 11.17 , as applicable, with the written consent of the Agent party thereto and the Loan Party party
thereto. (f) The Collateral Agent may, and hereby does, appoint the Administrative Agent as its agent for the purposes of
holding any Collateral and/or perfecting the Collateral Agent s security interest therein and for the purpose of taking such other action with respect to the collateral as such Agents may from time to time agree. 
 (g) Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Lender expressly and irrevocably agrees that it will not hinder, or direct the Agents
to take any action that will hinder, the automatic release of any security interest, Lien or Guarantee provided for by this Subsection 10.8 to the extent the Borrower determines in good faith that the applicable transaction is permitted under
this Agreement (including, without limitation, in connection with any disposition to Persons other than a Borrower or a Subsidiary Guarantor permitted under this Agreement), including, without limitation, any refusal to release security interests,
Liens or Guarantees, return possessory collateral, execute and/or file release documentation or take any other reasonably requested actions to document or effectuate the release of such security interests, Liens or Guarantees, in each case, at the
Borrower s sole cost and expense, and each Lender expressly and irrevocably agrees that the Agents shall be authorized to, and shall, take any necessary action to release any such security interest, Lien or Guarantee to the extent authorized to
do so by this Subsection 10.8 without any obligation or requirement to notify or obtain consent from any Lender unless required by Subsection 11.1(a)(iii) (and the Agents shall not condition any such actions on providing notice to, or
obtaining consent from, the Lenders unless required by Subsection 11.1(a)(iii) ). 
 198 

10.9 Successor Agent . Subject to the appointment of a successor as
set forth herein, i the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent may be removed by the Borrower or the Required Lenders if the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent, or a controlling affiliate of the Administrative Agent or
the Collateral Agent is a Defaulting Lender and ii the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent may resign as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, respectively, in each case upon ten days notice to the Administrative
Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower, as applicable. If the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent shall be removed by the Borrower or the Required Lenders pursuant to clause (i) above or if the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent
shall resign as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, then the Required Lenders shall appoint from among the Lenders a successor agent for the Lenders, which such successor agent
shall be subject to approval by the Borrower; provided that such approval by the Borrower in connection with the appointment of any successor Administrative Agent shall only be required so long as no Event of Default under Subsection
9.1(a) or (f) has occurred and is continuing; provided further , that the Borrower shall not unreasonably withhold its approval of any successor Administrative Agent if such successor is an Approved Commercial Bank. Upon the
successful appointment of a successor agent, such successor agent shall succeed to the rights, powers and duties of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, as applicable, and the term Administrative Agent or
 Collateral Agent , as applicable, shall mean such successor agent effective upon such appointment and approval, and the former Agent s rights, powers and duties as Administrative Agent or Collateral Agent, as applicable, shall
be terminated, without any other or further act or deed on the part of such former Agent or any of the parties to this Agreement or any holders of the Loans. After any retiring Agent s resignation or removal as Agent, the provisions of this
 Section 10 (including this Subsection 10.9 shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Agent under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. The fees payable by the Borrower to
a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. 
 10.10 [Reserved] . 
 10.11 Withholding Tax . To the extent required by any applicable law, each Agent may withhold from any payment to any
Lender an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding tax, and in no event shall such Agent be required to be responsible for or pay any additional amount with respect to any such withholding. If the Internal Revenue Service or any other
Governmental Authority asserts a claim that any Agent did not properly withhold tax from amounts paid to or for the account of any Lender because the appropriate form was not delivered or was not properly executed or because such Lender failed to
notify such Agent of a change in circumstances which rendered the exemption from or reduction of withholding tax ineffective or for any other reason, without limiting the provisions of Subsection 4.11(a) or 4.12 , such Lender shall
indemnify such Agent fully for all amounts paid, directly or indirectly, by such Agent as tax or otherwise, including any penalties or interest and together with any expenses incurred and shall make payable in respect thereof within 30 days after
demand therefor. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply
any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender or such issuing lender under this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any amount due the Administrative Agent under this Subsection 10.11 . The agreements in this Subsection
10.11 shall survive the resignation and/or replacement of the Administrative Agent, any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Term Loan Facility Obligations. 
 199 

10.12 Other Representatives . None of the entities identified as joint
bookrunners and joint lead arrangers pursuant to the definition of Other Representative contained herein, shall have any duties or responsibilities hereunder or under any other Loan Document in its capacity as such. Without limiting the foregoing,
no Other Representative shall have nor be deemed to have a fiduciary relationship with any Lender. At any time that any Lender serving as an Other Representative shall have transferred to any other Person (other than any of its affiliates) all of
its interests in the Loans and in the Commitments, such Lender shall be deemed to have concurrently resigned as such Other Representative. 
 10.13 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim . In case of the pendency of any Bankruptcy Proceeding or any other
judicial proceeding relative to any Loan Party, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the
Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) is hereby authorized by the Lenders, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: 
 (a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of
the Loans and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable
compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders, and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders and the Administrative Agent under Subsections 4.5 and 11.5 allowed in such judicial proceeding; (b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or
deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or
other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, if the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to
pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Subsections
4.5 and 11.5 . 
 200 

10.14 Application of Proceeds . The Lenders, the Administrative Agent
and the Collateral Agent agree, as among such parties, as follows: subject to the terms of the ABL/Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement, a Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement, any Other Intercreditor Agreement or any Intercreditor Agreement Supplement,
after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, all amounts collected or received by the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any Lender on account of amounts then due and outstanding under any of the Loan Documents
(the Collection Amounts shall, except as otherwise expressly provided herein, be applied as follows: first , to pay all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees to the extent
provided herein) due and owing hereunder of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent in connection with enforcing the rights of the Agents and the Lenders under the Loan Documents (including all expenses of sale or other realization of or
in respect of the Collateral and any sums advanced to the Collateral Agent or to preserve its security interest in the Collateral), second , to pay all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees to
the extent provided herein) due and owing hereunder of each of the Lenders in connection with enforcing such Lender s rights under the Loan Documents, third , to pay interest on Loans then outstanding; fourth , to pay principal of
Loans then outstanding and obligations under Interest Rate Agreements, Currency Agreements, Commodities Agreements, Bank Products Agreements and Management Guarantees permitted hereunder and secured by the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, ratably
among the applicable Secured Parties in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause fourth payable to them, and fifth , to pay the surplus, if any, to whomever may be lawfully entitled to receive such surplus. To
the extent any amounts available for distribution pursuant to clause third or fourth above are insufficient to pay all obligations described therein in full, such moneys shall be allocated pro rata among the applicable
Secured Parties in proportion to the respective amounts described in the applicable clause at such time. This Subsection 10.14 may be amended (and the Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent to enter into any such
amendment) to the extent necessary to reflect differing amounts payable, and priorities of payments, to Lenders participating in any new classes or tranches of loans added pursuant to Subsections 2.8 , 2.10 and 2.11 , as
applicable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Excluded Obligations (as defined in the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement)
with respect to any Guarantor shall not be paid with amounts received from such Guarantor or its assets and such Excluded Obligations shall be disregarded in any application of Collection Amounts pursuant to the preceding paragraph. 
 10.15 Certain ERISA Matters . (a) Each Lender x represents and warrants, as of the date such Person
became a Lender party hereto, to, and y covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the
avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true: 
 (i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or
otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments or this Agreement; 
 201 

(ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more
PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a
class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain
transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement; 
 (iii) A such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset
Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), B such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the
Commitments and this Agreement, C the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of
PTE 84-14 and D to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of
the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement; or (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as
may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. (b) In addition,
unless either 1 subclause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or 2 a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with subclause
(iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further x represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and y covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender
party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other Loan Party, that the Administrative Agent
is not a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the
reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 
 202 

SECTION 11 
 Miscellaneous 
 11.1 Amendments and Waivers . (a) Neither this Agreement nor any other Loan Document, nor any terms hereof or
thereof, may be amended, supplemented, modified or waived except in accordance with the provisions of this Subsection 11.1 . The Required Lenders may, or, with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent may, from
time to time, x enter into with the respective Loan Parties hereto or thereto, as the case may be, written amendments, supplements or modifications hereto and to the other Loan Documents for the purpose of adding any provisions to this
Agreement or to the other Loan Documents or changing, in any manner the rights or obligations of the Lenders or the Loan Parties hereunder or thereunder or y waive at any Loan Party s request, on such terms and conditions as the
Required Lenders or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, may specify in such instrument, any of the requirements of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or any Default or Event of Default and its consequences; provided ,
 however , that amendments, supplements, modifications or waivers pursuant to Subsections 11.1(d) , (f) , (h) and (i) may be effected without the consent of the Required Lenders to the extent provided
therein; provided , further , that no such waiver and no such amendment, supplement or modification shall: 
 (i) A reduce or forgive the amount or extend the scheduled date of maturity of any Loan or of any
scheduled installment thereof (including extending any Maturity Date), B reduce the stated rate of any interest, commission or fee payable hereunder (other than as a result of any waiver of the applicability of any post-default
increase in interest rates), C [reserved], D increase the Commitment of such Lender (other than with respect to any Commitment increase pursuant to Subsection 2.8 in respect of which such Lender has agreed to be an
Incremental Lender that such Lender has agreed to provide as a Specified Refinancing Lender pursuant to a Specified Refinancing Amendment entered into pursuant to Subsection 2.11 ); it being understood that no amendment, modification or waiver
of, or consent to departure from, any condition precedent, representation, warranty, covenant, Default, Event of Default, mandatory prepayment or mandatory reduction of the Commitments shall constitute an increase of any Commitment of such Lender or E change the currency in which any Loan is payable, in each case without the consent of each Lender directly and adversely affected thereby (it being understood that amendments or supplements to, or waivers or modifications of any
conditions precedent, representations, warranties, covenants, Defaults or Events of Default or of a mandatory repayment of the Loans of all Lenders shall not constitute an extension of the scheduled date of maturity, any scheduled installment, or
the scheduled date of payment of the Loans of any Lender); (ii) amend, modify or waive any provision of
this Subsection 11.1(a) or reduce the percentage specified in the definition of Required Lenders , or consent to the assignment or transfer by the Borrower of any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other
Loan Documents (other than pursuant to Subsection 8.7 or 11.6(a) ), in each case without the written consent of all the Lenders; 
 (iii) release Guarantors accounting for all or substantially all of the value of the Guarantee of the Term Loan
Facility Obligations pursuant to the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, or, in the aggregate (in a single transaction or a series of related transactions), all or substantially all of the Collateral without the consent of all of the Lenders, except
as expressly permitted hereby or by any Security Document (as such documents are in effect on the Closing Date or, if later, the date of execution and delivery thereof in accordance with the terms hereof); 
 (iv) require any Lender to make Loans having an Interest Period of longer than six months or shorter than one
month without the consent of such Lender; (v) amend, modify or waive any provision of
 Section 10 without the written consent of the then Agents; or 
 203 

(vi) amend, modify or waive any provision of Subsection
10.1(a) , 10.4 or 10.12 without the written consent of any Other Representative directly and adversely affected thereby; 
 provided further that, notwithstanding and in addition to the foregoing, and in addition to Liens on the Collateral that the Collateral
Agent is authorized to release pursuant to Subsection 10.8(b), the Collateral Agent may, in its discretion, release the Lien on Collateral valued in the aggregate not in excess of the greater of 40,000,000 and 2.50 of Consolidated Tangible Assets
in any fiscal year without the consent of any Lender. (b) Any waiver and any amendment, supplement or modification
pursuant to this Subsection 11.1 shall apply to each of the Lenders and shall be binding upon the Loan Parties, the Lenders, the Agents and all future holders of the Loans. In the case of any waiver, each of the Loan Parties, the Lenders and
the Agents shall be restored to their former position and rights hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, and any Default or Event of Default waived shall be deemed to be cured and not continuing; but no such waiver shall extend to any
subsequent or other Default or Event of Default, or impair any right consequent thereon. (c) Notwithstanding any
provision herein to the contrary, x no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, supplement, modification, waiver or consent hereunder or under any of the Loan Documents, except to the extent the
consent of such Lender would be required under clause (i) in the further proviso to the second sentence of Subsection 11.1(a) , y no Disqualified Party shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, supplement,
modification, waiver or consent hereunder or under any of the Loan Documents and z no Net Short Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, supplement, modification, waiver or consent hereunder or under any of
the Loan Documents and instead shall be deemed to have voted its interest as a Lender as provided in Subsection 11.1(k) below (for the avoidance of doubt, other than a Net Short Lender that is also a Disqualified Party, which shall be subject
to the preceding clause (y)). 
 204 

(d) Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, this Agreement and
the other Loan Documents may be amended, supplemented, waived or otherwise modified i to cure any ambiguity, mistake, omission, defect, or inconsistency with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, ii in
accordance with Subsection 2.8 to incorporate the terms of any Incremental Commitments (including to add a new revolving facility or letter of credit facility under this Agreement with respect to any Incremental Revolving Commitment or
Incremental Letter of Credit Commitment or to add an escrow arrangement) with the written consent of the Borrower and the Lenders providing such Incremental Commitments, iii in accordance with Subsection 2.10 to effectuate an
Extension with the written consent of the Borrower and the Extending Lenders, iv in accordance with Subsection 2.11 to incorporate the terms of any Specified Refinancing Facilities with the consent of the Borrower and the
applicable Specified Refinancing Lenders, v in accordance with Subsection 7.12 , to change the financial reporting convention, vi with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in each case such
consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), in the event any mandatory prepayment or redemption provision in respect of the Net Cash Proceeds of Asset Dispositions or Recovery Events or from Excess Cash Flow included or to be
included in any Incremental Commitment Amendment or any Indebtedness constituting Additional Obligations or that would constitute Additional Obligations would result in Incremental Term Loans or Additional Obligations, as applicable, being prepaid
or redeemed on a more than ratable basis with the Term Loans in respect of the Net Cash Proceeds from any such Asset Disposition or Recovery Event or Excess Cash Flow prepayment to the extent such Net Cash Proceeds or Excess Cash Flow are required
to be applied to repay Term Loans hereunder pursuant to Subsection 4.4(e) , to provide for mandatory prepayments of the Initial Term Loans such that, after giving effect thereto, the prepayments made in respect of such Incremental Term Loans
or Additional Obligations, as applicable, are not on more than a ratable basis, vii to waive, amend or modify this Agreement or any other Loan Document in a manner that by its terms affects the rights or duties under this Agreement or
any other Loan Document of Lenders holding Loans or Commitments of a particular Tranche (but not the Lenders holding Loans or Commitments of any other Tranche), by an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower and the requisite
percentage in interest of the Lenders with respect to such Tranche that would be required to consent thereto under this Subsection 11.1 if such Lenders were the only Lenders hereunder at the time, viii to implement any changes
contemplated by the definition of LIBOR
Rate SOFR , Term SOFR Rate or Benchmark Replacement Conforming
Changes in Subsection 1.1 hereof with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and ix to waive, amend or modify any Increase Supplement, Lender Joinder
Agreement or Incremental Commitment Amendment with the written consent of the Borrower and the Lenders party thereto, unless as so amended or modified such Increase Supplement, Lender Joinder Agreement or Incremental Commitment Amendment, as
applicable, would not be permitted under this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any provision of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including Subsection 4.4 , 4.8 or 10.14 hereof, may be
amended, supplemented, modified or waived as set forth in the immediately preceding sentence pursuant to any Incremental Commitment Amendment, any Extension Amendment or any Specified Refinancing Amendment, as the case may be, to provide for non-pro
rata borrowings and payments of any amounts hereunder as between any Tranches, including the Term Loans, any Incremental Commitments or Incremental Loans, any Extended Tranche and any Specified Refinancing Tranche, or to provide for the inclusion,
as appropriate, of the Lenders of any Extended Tranche, Specified Refinancing Tranche, Incremental Commitments or Incremental Loans in any required vote or action of the Required Lenders, the Required Majority in Interest Lenders, or of the Lenders
of each Tranche hereunder. The Administrative Agent hereby agrees (if requested by the Borrower) to execute any amendment, supplement, modification or waiver referred to in this clause (d) or an acknowledgement thereof. 
 (e) Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, this Agreement may be amended (or deemed amended) or amended and
restated with the written consent of the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower x to add one or more additional credit facilities to this Agreement and to permit the extensions of credit from time to time
outstanding thereunder and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof to share ratably in the benefits of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents with the existing Facilities and the accrued interest and fees in respect thereof, y to include, as appropriate, the Lenders holding such credit facilities in any required vote or action of the Required Lenders, or of the Lenders of each Facility hereunder and z to provide class protection for any
additional credit facilities. 
 205 

(f) Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, any Security
Document may be amended (or amended and restated), restated, waived, supplemented or modified as contemplated by Subsection 11.17 with the written consent of the Agent party thereto and the Loan Party party thereto. 
 (g) If, in connection with any proposed change, waiver, discharge or termination of or to any of the provisions of this
Agreement and/or any other Loan Document as contemplated by Subsection 11.1(a) , the consent of each Lender, or each affected Lender, as applicable, is required and either x the consent of the Required Lenders or the Required
Majority in Interest Lenders, as applicable, at such time is obtained or y the consent of the Required Lenders or the Required Majority in Interest Lenders, as applicable, at such time is not obtained, but, in each case under clause
(x) or (y), the consent of one or more of such other Lenders whose consent is required is not obtained (each such Lender, a Non-Consenting Lender then the Borrower may, on notice to, in the case of clause (x), the
Administrative Agent and any relevant Non-Consenting Lender, or, in the case of clause (y), the Administrative Agent and every Non-Consenting Lender, A replace such Non-Consenting Lender by causing such Lender to (and such Lender shall
be obligated to) assign pursuant to Subsection 11.6 (with the assignment fee and any other costs and expenses to be paid by the Borrower in such instance) all of its rights and obligations under this Agreement to one or more assignees;
 provided that neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall have any obligation to the Borrower to find a replacement Lender; provided , further , that the applicable assignee shall have agreed to the applicable change,
waiver, discharge or termination of this Agreement and/or the other Loan Documents; and provided , further , that all obligations of the Borrower owing to such Non-Consenting Lender relating to the Loans, Commitments and participations
so assigned shall be paid in full by the assignee Lender (or, at its/their option, by the Borrower) to such Non-Consenting Lender concurrently with such Assignment and Acceptance, in each case, for the avoidance of doubt, in an amount not in excess
of the amount of such obligations, as applicable, or B so long as no Event of Default under Subsection 9.1(a) or (f) then exists or will exist immediately after giving effect to the respective prepayment, prepay the
Loans, in whole or in part, subject to Subsection 4.12 , without premium or penalty. In connection with any such replacement under this Subsection 11.1(g) , if a Non-Consenting Lender that was provided notice as set forth in the previous
sentence does not execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent a duly completed Assignment and Acceptance and/or any other documentation necessary to reflect such replacement by the later of a the date on which the replacement
Lender executes and delivers such Assignment and Acceptance and/or such other documentation and b the date as of which all obligations of the Borrower owing to such Non-Consenting Lender relating to the Loans, Commitments and
participations so assigned shall be paid in full by the assignee Lender to such Non-Consenting Lender, then such Non-Consenting Lender shall be deemed to have executed and delivered such Assignment and Acceptance and/or such other documentation as
of such date and the Borrower shall be entitled (but not obligated) to execute and deliver such Assignment and Acceptance and/or such other documentation on behalf of such Non-Consenting Lender, and the Administrative Agent shall record such
assignment in the Register. 
 206 

(h) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, at any time and from
time to time, upon notice to the Administrative Agent (who shall promptly notify the applicable Lenders) specifying in reasonable detail the proposed terms thereof, the Borrower may make one or more loan modification offers to all the Lenders of any
Facility that would, if and to the extent accepted by any such Lender, a change the Applicable Margin and/or fees payable with respect to the Loans and/or Commitments under such Facility (in each case solely with respect to the Loans
and Commitments of accepting Lenders in respect of which an acceptance is delivered) and b treat the Loans and/or Commitments so modified as a new Facility and a new Tranche for all purposes under this
Agreement; provided that i such loan modification offer is made to each Lender under the applicable Facility on the same terms and subject to the same procedures as are applicable to all other Lenders under such Facility (which
procedures in any case shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent) and ii no loan modification shall affect the rights or duties of, or any fees or other amounts payable to, the Administrative Agent, without its prior
written consent. (i) In connection with any amendment to this Agreement that addresses a a Repricing
Transaction of the Initial Term Loans or b a repricing transaction of any other Tranche of Term Loans (as if the definition Repricing Transaction applied to such Tranche of Term Loans) (each such amendment, a
 Permitted Repricing Amendment ), so long as such amendment by its terms only affects the rights or duties under this Agreement or any other Loan Document of Lenders holding such Loans or Commitments of such Tranche of Term Loans
(but not the Lenders holding Loans or Commitments of any other Tranche), only the consent of the requisite percentage in interest (assuming for such determination, such Tranche is the only outstanding Tranche hereunder) of x the
Lenders holding such Tranche of Term Loans that will continue as a Lender in respect of such Tranche following such Permitted Repricing Amendment and y any increasing Lender or Additional Incremental Lender that provides Supplemental
Term Loan Commitments to such Tranche of Term Loans substantially concurrently with such Permitted Repricing Amendment, shall be required. 
 (j) [Reserved]. 
 207 

(k) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in connection with any
determination as to whether the requisite Lenders have A consented (or not consented) to any amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, B otherwise acted on any matter related to any Loan Document, or C directed or required the Administrative Agent or any Lender to undertake any action (or refrain from taking any action) with respect to or under any Loan
Document, I any Lender (alone or together with its Affiliates (but subject to clause (vi) below)) (other than x any Lender that is a Regulated Bank and y any Committed Lender) that, as a result of its
(or its Affiliates (but subject to clause (vi) below)) interest, whether held directly or through any intermediary, in any total return swap, total rate of return swap, credit default swap or other derivative contract (other than any such
total return swap, total rate of return swap, credit default swap or other derivative contract entered into pursuant to bona fide market making activities), has a net short position with respect to either 1 the Loans and/or Commitments
or 2 any other Indebtedness and/or commitments in respect thereof of the Borrower or the other Loan Parties and/or any equity interests of the Borrower or the other Loan Parties or any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle (any such
Indebtedness and/or commitments and/or equity interests under this clause (2), the Covered Instrument (each, a Net Short Lender shall have no right to vote any of its Loans and Commitments and shall be deemed
to have voted its interest as a Lender without discretion in the same proportion as the allocation of voting with respect to such matter by Lenders who are not Net Short Lenders (in each case unless otherwise agreed to by the Borrower) and II each Lender shall covenant to provide the Borrower with such other information as the Borrower may reasonably request from time to time in order to verify the accuracy of such Lender s representation or warranty or deemed
representation or warranty with respect to not being a Net Short Lender, within five Business Days of request thereof (the Net Short Lender Verification Covenant ). For purposes of determining whether a Lender (alone or together
with its Affiliates (but subject to clause (vi) below)) has a net short position on any date of determination: i derivative contracts with respect to the Loans and/or Commitments and/or any Covered Instrument and such
contracts that are the functional equivalent thereof shall be counted at the notional amount thereof in Dollars, ii notional amounts in other currencies shall be converted to the dollar equivalent thereof by such Lender in a
commercially reasonable manner consistent with generally accepted financial practices and based on the prevailing conversion rate (determined on a mid-market basis) on the date of determination, iii derivative contracts in respect of
an index that includes any of the Borrower or other Loan Parties or any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle or any instrument issued or guaranteed by any of the Borrower or other Loan Parties or any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle shall not be deemed to
create a short position with respect to either 1 the Loans and/or Commitments and/or 2 the Covered Instrument, so long as x such index is not created, designed, administered or requested by such Lender or
its Affiliates (other than its Excluded Affiliates) and y the Borrower and other Loan Parties and any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle and any instrument issued or guaranteed by any of the Borrower or other Loan Parties or any Parent
Entity or IPO Vehicle, collectively, shall represent less than 5 of the components of such index, iv derivative transactions that are documented using either the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions or the 2003 ISDA Credit
Derivatives Definitions (collectively, the ISDA CDS Definitions shall be deemed to create a short position with respect to either 1 the Loans and/or Commitments and/or 2 the Covered Instrument if such
Lender (or its Affiliates (other than its Excluded Affiliates) is a protection buyer or the equivalent thereof for such derivative transaction and x the Loans and/or the Commitments and/or any Covered Instrument are a Reference
Obligation under the terms of such derivative transaction (whether specified by name in the related documentation, included as a Standard Reference Obligation on the most recent list published by Markit, if Standard Reference
Obligation is specified as applicable in the relevant documentation or in any other manner), y the Loans and/or the Commitments and/or any Covered Instrument would be a Deliverable Obligation under the terms of such
derivative transaction or z any of the Borrower or other Loan Parties or any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle (or any of their successors) is designated as a Reference Entity under the terms of such derivative transactions, v credit derivative transactions or other derivatives transactions not documented using the ISDA CDS Definitions shall be deemed to create a short position with respect to either 1 the Loans and/or Commitments and/or 2 the Covered Instrument if such transactions are functionally equivalent to a transaction that offers such Lender or its Affiliates (other than its Excluded Affiliates) protection in respect of the Loans and/or the Commitments and/or
any Covered Instrument, or as to the credit quality of any of the Borrower or other Loan Parties or any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle (or any of their successors) other than, in each case, as part of an index so long as x such index is
not created, designed, administered or requested by such Lender or its Affiliates (other than its Excluded Affiliates) and y the Borrower and other Loan Parties and any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle and any instrument issued or
guaranteed by any of the Borrower or other Loan Parties or any Parent Entity or IPO Vehicle, collectively, shall represent less than 5 of the components of such index and vi in connection with any such determination, each Lender shall
either A reasonably inquire as to whether its Ethically Screened Affiliates have any interest in the Loans and/or Commitments, any such Covered Instrument and/or any applicable total return swap, total rate of return swap, credit
default swap or other derivative contract, and such Ethically Screened Affiliates interests therein shall only be included in determining whether such Lender (alone or together with its Affiliates) is a Net Short Lender to the extent
determined from such reasonable inquiry or B provide a certification or deemed certification to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that such Lender is not coordinating or acting in concert with any of its Affiliates (other than
any Affiliates designated in writing by such Lender whose interests in the Loans and/or Commitments, any such Covered Instrument and/or any applicable total return swap, total rate of return swap, credit default swap or other derivative contract
shall be included in determining whether such Lender is a Net Short Lender (each, a Designated Affiliate )) with respect to its interest in the Loans and/or Commitments, any such Covered Instrument and/or any applicable total
return swap, total rate of return swap, credit default swap or other derivative contract, in which case the interests of the Affiliates (other than any Designated Affiliates) of such Lender in any Loans and/or Commitments, any such Covered
Instrument and/or any applicable total return swap, total rate of return swap, credit default swap or other derivative contract shall not be included in determining whether such Lender is a Net Short Lender (any such Affiliate in clause (A) or
(B) above (other than any Designated Affiliates) whose Loans and/or Commitments, any Covered Instrument and/or any applicable total return swap, total rate of return swap, credit default swap or other derivative contract are not included in
determining whether such Lender is a Net Short Lender, an Excluded Affiliate ). In connection with any such determination, each Lender shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing that it is a Net
Short Lender, or shall otherwise be deemed to have represented and warranted to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent that it is not a Net Short Lender (it being understood and agreed that the Borrower and the Administrative Agent shall be
entitled to rely on each such representation and deemed representation; provided that if such determination relates to a notice, consent, action or direction or requirement to undertake action relating to a Default or Event of Default, such
representation or deemed representation shall be deemed repeated at all times until the resulting Default or Event of 
 208 

Default is cured or ceases to exist or the Loans hereunder are accelerated. If, in connection with any determination as to whether the requisite Lenders have A consented (or not
consented) to any amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, B otherwise acted on any matter related to any Loan Document, or C directed
or required the Administrative Agent or any Lender to undertake any action (or refrain from taking any action) with respect to or under any Loan Document, in each case relating to a Default or Event of Default (each, a Default
Direction ), but prior to the acceleration of the Loans, the Borrower determines in good faith that there is a reasonable basis to believe a Lender that took such action made an incorrect representation or warranty or deemed representation
or warranty with respect to not being a Net Short Lender, or otherwise at any relevant time on or following such action was a Net Short Lender (a Net Short Lender Default Breach ), the Borrower delivers a certificate of a
Responsible Officer to the Administrative Agent certifying that i the Borrower believes in good faith that there is a reasonable basis to believe a Lender that gave a Default Direction x made an incorrect representation
or warranty or deemed representation or warranty with respect to not being a Net Short Lender, or otherwise at any relevant time on or following such action was a Net Short Lender or y breached the Net Short Lender Verification
Covenant and ii the Borrower and/or one of its Affiliates has filed papers with a court of competent jurisdiction seeking a determination that such Lender made an incorrect representation or warranty or deemed representation or
warranty with respect to not being a Net Short Lender, or otherwise at any relevant time on or following such action was a Net Short Lender, and seeking to invalidate any Default or Event of Default that resulted from such action, the cure period
with respect to such Default or Event of Default shall be automatically stayed pending a final and non-appealable determination of a court of competent jurisdiction on such matter. If such certificate of a Responsible Officer has been delivered to
the Administrative Agent, the Administrative Agent shall refrain from acting in accordance with such any such request, demand, authorization, notice, consent or waiver relating to such Default or Event of Default until such time as the Borrower
provides to the Administrative Agent a certificate of a Responsible Officer stating that such Lender has satisfied its Net Short Lender Verification Covenant. If such Lender has satisfied its Net Short Lender Verification Covenant, then the
Administrative Agent shall be permitted to act in accordance with such Default Direction. 11.2 Notices .
(a) All notices, requests, and demands to or upon the respective parties hereto to be effective shall be in writing (including facsimile or electronic mail), and, unless otherwise expressly provided herein, shall be deemed to have been duly
given or made when delivered by hand, or three days after being deposited in the mail, postage prepaid, or, in the case of facsimile notice or electronic mail, when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient,
shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day), or, in the case of delivery by a nationally recognized overnight courier, when received, addressed as follows in the case of the Borrower, the Administrative
Agent and the Collateral Agent, and as set forth in Schedules A and A-1 in the case of the other parties hereto, or to such other address as may be hereafter notified by the respective parties hereto and any future holders of the
Loans: 

The Borrower: 
 
 Core Main LP 
 1830 Craig Park Court St. Louis,
MO 63146 Attention: Mark R. Witkowski and Jessica L. Killion 
 Facsimile: (314) 432-2550 
 Telephone: (314) 432-4700 Email:
 Mark.Witkowski@coreandmain.com 
 Jessica.Killion@coreandmain.com 

With copies (which shall not constitute notice) to: 
 
 Debevoise Plimpton LLP 
 919 Third Avenue New York, New
York 10022 Attention: Scott B. Selinger 
 Facsimile: (212) 909-7465 
 Telephone: (212) 909-6000 Email:
sbselinger@debevoise.com 

The Administrative Agent/the Collateral Agent: 
 
 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 500 Stanton Christiana Road 
 Newark, DE 19713 Attention:
Robert Nichols Facsimile: (302) 634-4580 
 Telephone: (302) 634-3376 Email:
robert.j.nichols@jpmorgan.com 

With copies (which shall not constitute notice) to: 
 
 Simpson Thacher Bartlett LLP 
 425 Lexington Avenue New York,
New York 10017 Attention: Daniel R. Kay 
 Facsimile: (212) 455-2502 
 Telephone: (212) 455-3286 Email:
dkay@stblaw.com 
 
 209 

provided that any notice, request or demand to or upon the Administrative Agent or
the Lenders pursuant to Subsection 4.2 , 4.4 or 4.8 shall not be effective until received. (b)
Without in any way limiting the obligation of any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries to confirm in writing any telephonic notice permitted to be given hereunder, the Administrative Agent may prior to receipt of written confirmation act without
liability upon the basis of such telephonic notice, believed by the Administrative Agent in good faith to be from a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party. 
 (c) Loan Documents may be transmitted and/or signed by facsimile or other electronic means (e.g., a pdf ,
 tiff or DocuSign). The effectiveness of any such documents and signatures shall, subject to applicable law, have the same force and effect as manually signed originals and shall be binding on each Loan Party, each Agent and each Lender.
The Administrative Agent may also require that any such documents and signatures be confirmed by a manually signed original thereof; provided that the failure to request or deliver the same shall not limit the effectiveness of any facsimile
or other electronic document or signature. (d) Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered
or furnished by electronic communication (including electronic mail and Internet or intranet websites). Notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the posting thereof. 
 (e) THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE. NEITHER THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT NOR ANY OF ITS
RELATED PARTIES WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF MATERIALS AND/OR INFORMATION PROVIDED BY OR ON BEHALF OF THE BORROWER HEREUNDER (THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR
ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES
OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. 
 210 

(f) Each Lender may change its address, email, facsimile or telephone number
for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. (g) All telephonic
notices to and other telephonic communications with the Administrative Agent may be recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording. 
 11.3 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies . No failure to exercise and no delay in exercising, on the part of any Agent, any
Lender or any Loan Party, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under the other Loan Documents shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any
other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by
law. 11.4 Survival of Representations and Warranties . All representations and warranties made hereunder and in the
other Loan Documents (or in any amendment, modification or supplement hereto or thereto) and in any certificate delivered pursuant hereto or such other Loan Documents shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the making of the
Loans hereunder. 
 211 

11.5 Payment of Expenses and Taxes . The Borrower agrees a to pay or reimburse the Agents and the Other Representatives for 1 all their reasonable and documented and invoiced out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection with i the syndication of the
Facilities and the development, preparation, execution and delivery of, and any amendment, supplement or modification to, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and any other documents prepared in connection herewith or therewith, ii the consummation and administration of the transactions (including the syndication of the Initial Term Loan Commitments) contemplated hereby and thereby and iii efforts to monitor the Loans and verify, protect,
evaluate, assess, appraise, collect, sell, liquidate or otherwise dispose of any of the Collateral in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents, and 2 the reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of one firm of counsel,
solely in its capacity as counsel to the Administrative Agent, and such other special or local counsel (limited to one firm of counsel in each appropriate jurisdiction), consultants, advisors, appraisers and auditors whose retention (other than
during the continuance of an Event of Default) is approved by the Borrower, b to pay or reimburse each Lender, each Lead Arranger and the Agents for all their reasonable and documented and invoiced out-of-pocket costs and expenses
incurred in connection with the enforcement of any rights under this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any other documents prepared in connection herewith or therewith, including the fees and disbursements of counsel to the Agents (limited to
one firm of counsel for the Agents and, if necessary, one firm of local counsel in each appropriate jurisdiction, in each case for the Agents), c to pay, indemnify, or reimburse each Lender, each Lead Arranger and the Agents for, and
hold each Lender, each Lead Arranger and the Agents harmless from, any and all recording and filing fees and any and all liabilities with respect to, or resulting from any delay in paying, any stamp, documentary, excise and other similar taxes, if
any, which may be payable or determined to be payable in connection with the execution, delivery or enforcement of, or consummation or administration of any of the transactions contemplated by, or any amendment, supplement or modification of, or any
waiver or consent under or in respect of, this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any such other documents, and d to pay, indemnify or reimburse each Lender, each Lead Arranger, each Agent (and any sub-agent thereof) and each
Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each, an Indemnitee for, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from and against, any and all other liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs,
expenses or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever (in the case of fees and disbursements of counsel, limited to one firm of counsel for all Indemnitees and, if necessary, one firm of local counsel in each appropriate jurisdiction, in each
case for all Indemnitees (and, in the case of an actual or perceived conflict of interest where the Indemnitee affected by such conflict informs the Borrower of such conflict and thereafter, after receipt of the Borrower s consent (which shall
not be unreasonably withheld), retains its own counsel, of another firm of counsel for such affected group of Indemnitees)) arising out of or relating to any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding, whether based on
contract, tort or any other theory, brought by a third party or by the Borrower or any other Loan Party and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto, with respect to the execution, delivery, enforcement, performance and administration
of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any such other documents, including any of the foregoing relating to the use of proceeds of the Loans, the violation of, noncompliance with or liability under, any Environmental Law applicable to the
operations of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries or any of the property of the Borrower or any of its Restricted Subsidiaries (all the foregoing in this clause (d), collectively, the Indemnified Liabilities ),
 provided that the Borrower shall not have any obligation hereunder to any Lead Arranger, any Other Representative, any Agent (or any sub-agent thereof) or any Lender (or any Related Party of any such Lead Arranger, Other Representative, Agent
(or any sub-agent thereof) or Lender) with respect to Indemnified Liabilities arising from i the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of such Lead Arranger, Other Representative, Agent (or any sub-agent thereof) or Lender
(or any Related Party of such Lead Arranger, Other Representative, Agent (or any sub-agent thereof) or Lender), as the case may be, as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable decision, ii a
material breach of the Loan Documents by such Lead Arranger, Other Representative, Agent (or any sub-agent thereof) or Lender (or any Related Party of such Lead Arranger, Other Representative, Agent (or any sub-agent thereof) or Lender), as the case
may be, as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable decision, iii claims against such Indemnitee or any Related Party brought by any other Indemnitee that do not arise from an act or omission by the
Borrower or any of its Affiliates (other than claims against any Lead Arranger or Agent in its capacity as such) or iv any agreement governing any settlement of claims that is effected without the Borrower s prior written consent
(such consent not to be unreasonably withheld). Neither the Borrower nor any Indemnitee shall be liable for any indirect, special, punitive or consequential damages hereunder; provided that nothing contained in this sentence shall limit the
Borrower s indemnity or reimbursement obligations under this Subsection 11.5 to the extent such indirect, special, punitive or consequential damages are included in any third party claim in connection with which such Indemnitee is
entitled to indemnification hereunder. All amounts due under this Subsection 11.5 shall be payable not later than 30 days after written demand therefor. Statements reflecting amounts payable by the Loan Parties pursuant to this Subsection
11.5 shall be submitted to the address of the Borrower set forth in Subsection 11.2 , or to such other Person or address as may be hereafter designated by the Borrower in a notice to the Administrative Agent. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
except as provided in Subsections 11.5(b) and (c) above, the Borrower shall have no obligation under this Subsection 11.5 to any Indemnitee with respect to any tax, levy, impost, duty, charge, fee, deduction or withholding
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by any Governmental Authority. The agreements in this Subsection 11.5 shall survive repayment of the Loans and all other amounts payable hereunder. 
 212 

11.6 Successors and Assigns; Participations and Assignments .
(a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that i other than in accordance with Subsection
8.7 , the Borrower shall not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by the Borrower without such consent shall be null and
void) and ii no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with Subsection 2.10(e) , Subsection 4.13(d) , Subsection 4.14(c) , Subsection 11.1(g) or this
 Subsection 11.6 . (b) (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in Subsection 11.6(b)(ii) below, any Lender
other than a Conduit Lender may, in the ordinary course of business and in accordance with applicable law, assign (other than to a Disqualified Party or any natural person) to one or more assignees (each, an Assignee all or a
portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including its Commitments and/or Loans, pursuant to an Assignment and Acceptance) with the prior written consent of: 
 (A) the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld); provided that no consent of the
Borrower shall be required for an assignment x of Term Loans to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund; provided that if any Lender assigns all or a portion of its rights and obligations with respect to the Term
Loans under this Agreement to one of its Affiliates in connection with or in contemplation of the sale or other disposition of its interest in such Affiliate, the Borrower s prior written consent shall be required for such assignment, and y if an Event of Default under Subsection 9.1(a) or (f) with respect to the Borrower has occurred and is continuing, to any other Person; and 
 (B) the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld); provided that no consent
of the Administrative Agent shall be required for an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund. 
 213 

(ii) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions:
 (A) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund or an
assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitments or Loans under any Facility, the amount of the Commitments or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the
Assignment and Acceptance with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall be in an amount of an integral multiple of not less than 1,000,000 unless the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent,
 provided that 1 no such consent of the Borrower shall be required if an Event of Default under Subsection 9.1(a) or (f) with respect to the Borrower has occurred and is continuing and 2 such
amounts shall be aggregated in respect of each Lender and its Affiliates or Approved Funds, if any; (B)
the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Acceptance, together with a processing and recordation fee of 3,500 (unless waived by the Administrative Agent in any given case);
 provided that for concurrent assignments to two or more Approved Funds such assignment fee shall only be required to be paid once in respect of and at the time of such assignments; 
 (C) the Assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an administrative
questionnaire; (D) any assignment of Incremental Commitments or Loans to an Affiliated Lender shall also
be subject to the requirements of Subsections 11.6(h) and (i) ; and (E) any Term Loans
acquired by any Holding Company, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary shall be retired and cancelled promptly upon acquisition thereof. 
 For the purposes of this Subsection 11.6 , the term Approved Fund has the following meaning:
 Approved Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course and that is administered or managed by a a Lender, b an Affiliate of a Lender or c an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Lender shall be permitted to make assignments under
this Agreement to any Disqualified Party, except to the extent the Borrower has consented to such assignment in writing and any such assignment and Disqualified Party shall be subject to the provisions of Subsection 11.6(m) , except to the
extent the Borrower has otherwise expressly consented in writing. (iii) Subject to acceptance and
recording thereof pursuant to clause (b)(iv) below, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Acceptance the Assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and
Acceptance, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Acceptance, be released from its obligations under this Agreement
(and, in the case of an Assignment and Acceptance covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of (and bound
by any related obligations under) Subsections 4.10 , 4.11 , 4.12 , 4.13 and 11.5 , and bound by its continuing obligations under Subsection 11.6(m) , Subsection 11.16 and, in the case of each Reference
Bank, Subsection 4.6(c) ). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with Subsection 2.10(e) , Subsection 4.13(d) , Subsection 4.14(c) , Subsection
11.1(g) or this Subsection 11.6 shall, to the extent it would comply with Subsection 11.6(c) , be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with
clause (c) of this Subsection 11.6 (and any attempted assignment, transfer or participation which does not comply with this Subsection 11.6 shall be null and void). 
 214 

(iv) The Borrower hereby designates the Administrative
Agent, and the Administrative Agent agrees, to serve as the Borrower s non-fiduciary agent, solely for purposes of this Subsection 11.6 , to maintain at one of its offices in New York, New York a copy of each Assignment and Acceptance
delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and interest and principal amount of the Loans owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the
 Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms
hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower (and, solely with respect to entries applicable to such Lender, any Lender), at
any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Administrative Agent be obligated to ascertain, monitor or inquire as to whether any Lender is an Affiliated Lender nor
shall the Administrative Agent be obligated to monitor the aggregate amount of Term Loans or Incremental Term Loans held by Affiliated Lenders. Upon request by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall use commercially reasonable efforts to i promptly (and in any case, not less than five Business Days (or such shorter period as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent) prior to the proposed effective date of any amendment, consent or waiver pursuant to Subsection
11.1 provide to the Administrative Agent, a list of, to the Borrower s knowledge, all Affiliated Lenders holding Loans or Commitments at the time of such notice and ii not less than five Business Days (or such shorter period
as may be agreed to by the Administrative Agent) prior to the proposed effective date of any amendment, consent or waiver pursuant to Subsection 11.1 , provide to the Administrative Agent, a list of, to the Borrower s knowledge, all
Affiliated Debt Funds holding Loans or Commitments at the time of such notice. (v) Each Lender that sells
a participation shall, acting for itself and, solely for this purpose, as non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each
Participant s interest in the Loans, Commitments or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the
Participant Register to any Person (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) except to the
extent that such disclosure is necessary x to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations or y for the Borrower to enforce its rights hereunder. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and a Lender shall treat each person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner
of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. 
 215 

(vi) Upon its receipt of a duly completed Assignment and
Acceptance executed by an assigning Lender (unless such assignment is being made in accordance with Subsection 2.10(e) , Subsection 4.13(d) , Subsection 4.14(c), Subsection 11.1(g) , Subsection 11.6(f) or Subsection
11.6(m)(iv) in which case the effectiveness of such Assignment and Acceptance shall not require execution by the assigning Lender) and an Assignee, the Assignee s completed administrative questionnaire (unless the Assignee shall already be
a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in this Subsection 11.6(b) and any written consent to such assignment required by this Subsection 11.6(b) , the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and
Acceptance, record the information contained therein in the Register and give prompt notice of such assignment and recordation to the Borrower. No assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the
Register as provided in this clause (vi). (vii) On or prior to the effective date of any assignment
pursuant to this Subsection 11.6(b) , the assigning Lender shall surrender to the Administrative Agent any outstanding Notes held by it evidencing the Loans or Commitments, as applicable, which are being assigned. Any Notes surrendered by the
assigning Lender shall be returned by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower marked cancelled. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Subsection 11.6(b) or any other provision of this
Agreement, if the Borrower shall have consented thereto in writing in its sole discretion, the Administrative Agent shall have the right, but not the obligation, to effectuate assignments of Loans, Incremental Commitments and Initial Term Loan
Commitments via an electronic settlement system acceptable to Administrative Agent and the Borrower as designated in writing from time to time to the Lenders by Administrative Agent (the Settlement Service ). At any time when the
Administrative Agent elects, in its sole discretion, to implement such Settlement Service, each such assignment shall be effected by the assigning Lender and proposed Assignee pursuant to the procedures then in effect under the Settlement Service,
which procedures shall be subject to the prior written approval of the Borrower and shall be consistent with the other provisions of this Subsection 11.6(b) . Each assigning Lender and proposed Assignee shall comply with the requirements of
the Settlement Service in connection with effecting any assignment of Loans and Commitments pursuant to the Settlement Service. Assignments and assumptions of Loans and Commitments shall be effected by the provisions otherwise set forth herein until
the Administrative Agent notifies the Lenders of the Settlement Service as set forth herein. The Borrower may withdraw its consent to the use of the Settlement Service at any time upon notice to the Administrative Agent, and thereafter assignments
and assumptions of the Loans and Commitments shall be effected by the provisions otherwise set forth herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that the Administrative Agent shall have the right, but not the obligation, to
effectuate assignments of Loans and Commitments via the ClearPar electronic settlement system pursuant to procedures consistent with this Subsection 11.6(b) , including execution and delivery of the Assignment and Acceptance (it being
understood that such execution and delivery may be by way of electronic signature) by the parties to the assignment. 
 216 

Furthermore, no Assignee, which as of the date of any
assignment to it pursuant to this Subsection 11.6(b) would be entitled to receive any greater payment under Subsection 4.10 , 4.11 , 4.12 or 11.5 than the assigning Lender would have been entitled to receive as of
such date under such Subsections with respect to the rights assigned shall notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement be entitled to receive such greater payments unless the assignment was made after an Event of Default under
 Subsection 9.1(a) or (f) has occurred and is continuing or the Borrower has expressly consented in writing to waive the benefit of this provision at the time of such assignment. 
 (c) (i) Any Lender other than a Conduit Lender may, in the ordinary course of its business and in accordance with applicable
law, without the consent of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations (other than to any Disqualified Party or a natural person) to one or more banks or other entities (a Participant in all or a portion of
such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Initial Term Loan Commitments, Incremental Commitments, Extended Commitments and the Loans owing to it); provided that A such
Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, B such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, C such Lender shall remain the
holder of any such Loan for all purposes under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, D the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such
Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, E [reserved], F from time to time upon the reasonable request of the Borrower, each Lender shall provide the Borrower a list of all (x) in the case of any
revolving facility under the Loan Documents, outstanding participations in such revolving facility that such Lender has sold and (y) in the case of Term Loans, outstanding voting participations in such Term Loans that such Lender has sold and G in the case of any participation to a Permitted Affiliated Assignee, such participation shall be governed by the provisions of Subsection 11.6(h)(ii) to the same extent as if each reference therein to an assignment of a Loan
were to a participation of a Loan and the references to Affiliated Lender were to such Permitted Affiliated Assignee in its capacity as a participant. Any agreement pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender
shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, supplement, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent
of the Participant, agree to any amendment, supplement, modification or waiver that 1 requires the consent of each Lender directly affected thereby pursuant to clause (i) or (iii) of the second proviso to the second sentence
of Subsection 11.1(a) and 2 directly affects such Participant. Subject to Subsection 11.6(c)(ii) , the Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of (and shall have the related obligations
under) Subsections 4.10 , 4.11 , 4.12 , 4.13 and 11.5 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to Subsection 11.6(b) . To the extent permitted by law, each
Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Subsection 11.7(b) as though it were a Lender, provided that such Participant shall be subject to Subsection 11.7(a) as though it were a Lender. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, no Lender shall be permitted to sell or maintain a participation under this Agreement to or with any Disqualified Party and any participation to a Person that is or at any time becomes a Disqualified Party shall be null and void, except
to the extent the Borrower has expressly consented to such participation in writing; provided that if any such participation by a Lender is subject to a sub-participation by such Disqualified Party to a Person that is not a Disqualified Party
or natural person, and such sub-participation if made as a participation directly by such Lender would comply with Subsection 11.6 , such sub-participant shall have the right to assume all of the rights and obligations of such Disqualified
Party under such participation and thereby become a Participant hereunder in substitution for such Disqualified Party (it being understood that such sub-participant shall, prior to the effectiveness of such assumption, provide to such Lender that
sold or maintained such participation all documentation and information as is reasonably required by such Lender pursuant to know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations and execute and deliver an appropriate
assumption agreement to effect such substitution on terms and conditions mutually agreed between such sub-participant and such Lender, and such Disqualified Party shall thereupon be deemed to have executed and delivered such assumption agreement).
Any such participation and Disqualified Party not permitted prior to the foregoing sentence shall be subject to the provisions of Subsection 11.6(m) , except to the extent the Borrower has otherwise expressly consented in writing. Any
attempted participation which does not comply with Subsection 11.6 shall be null and void. 
 217 

(ii) No Loan Party shall be obligated to make any greater
payment under Subsection 4.10 , 4.11 , 4.12 or 11.5 than it would have been obligated to make in the absence of any participation, unless the sale of such participation is made with the prior written consent of the Borrower
and the Borrower expressly waives the benefit of this provision at the time of such participation. Any Participant that is not incorporated under the laws of the United States of America or a state thereof shall not be entitled to the benefits of
 Subsection 4.11 unless such Participant complies with Subsection 4.11(b) and provides the forms and certificates referenced therein to the Lender that granted such participation. 
 (d) Any Lender, without the consent of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, may at any time pledge or assign a security
interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or central bank of a member state of the European Union, and
this Subsection 11.6 shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest; provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute
(by foreclosure or otherwise) any such pledgee or Assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. (e) No assignment or
participation made or purported to be made to any Assignee or Participant shall be effective without the prior written consent of the Borrower if it would require the Borrower to make any filing with any Governmental Authority or qualify any Loan or
Note under the laws of any jurisdiction, and the Borrower shall be entitled to request and receive such information and assurances as it may reasonably request from any Lender or any Assignee or Participant to determine whether any such filing or
qualification is required or whether any assignment or participation is otherwise in accordance with applicable law. 
 218 

(f) Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Conduit Lender may assign any or all
of the Loans it may have funded hereunder to its designating Lender without the consent of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent and without regard to the limitations set forth in Subsection 11.6(b) . The Borrower, each Lender and the
Administrative Agent hereby confirms that it will not institute against a Conduit Lender or join any other Person in instituting against a Conduit Lender any domestic or foreign bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation
proceeding under any state, federal or provincial bankruptcy or similar law, for one year and one day after the payment in full of the latest maturing commercial paper note issued by such Conduit Lender; provided , however , that each
Lender designating any Conduit Lender hereby agrees to indemnify, save and hold harmless each other party hereto for any loss, cost, damage or expense arising out of its inability to institute such a proceeding against such Conduit Lender during
such period of forbearance. Each such indemnifying Lender shall pay in full any claim received from the Borrower pursuant to this Subsection 11.6(f) within 30 Business Days of receipt of a certificate from a Responsible Officer of the
Borrower specifying in reasonable detail the cause and amount of the loss, cost, damage or expense in respect of which the claim is being asserted, which certificate shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Without limiting the indemnification
obligations of any indemnifying Lender pursuant to this Subsection 11.6(f) , in the event that the indemnifying Lender fails timely to compensate the Borrower for such claim, any Loans held by the relevant Conduit Lender shall, if requested by
the Borrower, be assigned promptly to the Lender that administers the Conduit Lender and the designation of such Conduit Lender shall be void. 
 (g) If the Borrower wishes to replace the Loans under any Facility with ones having different terms, it shall have the option,
with the consent of the Administrative Agent and subject to at least three Business Days (or such shorter period as agreed to by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion) advance notice to the Lenders under such Facility, instead
of prepaying the Loans to be replaced, to i require the Lenders under such Facility to assign such Loans to the Administrative Agent or its designees and ii amend the terms thereof in accordance with Subsection
11.1 . Pursuant to any such assignment, all Loans to be replaced shall be purchased at par (allocated among the Lenders under such Facility in the same manner as would be required if such Loans were being optionally prepaid by the Borrower),
accompanied by payment of any accrued interest and fees thereon and any amounts owing pursuant to Subsection 4.12 . By receiving such purchase price, the Lenders under such Facility shall automatically be deemed to have assigned the Loans
under such Facility pursuant to the terms of the form of the Assignment and Acceptance, the Administrative Agent shall record such assignment in the Register and accordingly no other action by such Lenders shall be required in connection therewith.
The provisions of this clause (g) are intended to facilitate the maintenance of the perfection and priority of existing security interests in the Collateral during any such replacement. 
 219 

(h) (i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, x any Lender may, at any time, assign all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement in respect of its Loans or Commitments to any Parent Entity, the Borrower, any Subsidiary or an Affiliated Lender and y any Parent Entity, the Borrower and any Subsidiary may, from time to time, purchase or prepay Loans, in each case, on a non-pro rata basis through 1 Dutch auction procedures open to all applicable Lenders on a pro rata
basis in accordance with customary procedures to be agreed between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (or other applicable agent managing such auction); provided that A any such Dutch auction by the Borrower or its
Subsidiaries shall be made in accordance with Subsection 4.4(l) and B any such Dutch auction by any Parent Entity shall be made on terms substantially similar to Subsection 4.4(l) or on other terms to be agreed between
such Parent Entity and the Administrative Agent (or other applicable agent managing such auction) or 2 open market or other privately negotiated purchases; provided further that: 
 (1) such Affiliated Lender and such other Lender shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an
assignment agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit K hereto (an Affiliated Lender Assignment and Assumption and the Administrative Agent shall record such assignment in the Register; 
 (2) at the time of such assignment after giving effect to such assignment, the aggregate principal amount of
all Term Loans held (or participated in) by Affiliated Lenders that are not Affiliated Debt Funds shall not exceed 25.0 of the aggregate principal amount of all Term Loans outstanding under this Agreement; 
 (3) any such Term Loans acquired by x any Holding Company, the Borrower or a Restricted
Subsidiary shall be retired or cancelled promptly upon the acquisition thereof and y an Affiliated Lender may, with the consent of the Borrower, be contributed to the Borrower, whether through a Parent Entity or otherwise, and
exchanged for debt or equity securities of the Borrower or such Parent Entity that are otherwise permitted to be issued at such time pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, so long as any Term Loans so acquired by the Borrower shall be retired and
cancelled promptly upon the acquisition thereof. (ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Agreement, no Affiliated Lender that is not an Affiliated Debt Fund shall have any right to A attend (including by telephone) any meeting or discussions (or portion thereof) among the Administrative Agent or any Lender to which
representatives of the Loan Parties are not invited, B receive any information or material prepared by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or any communication by or among the Administrative Agent and/or one or more Lenders, except
to the extent such information or materials have been made available to the Borrower or its representatives or C receive advice of counsel to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any other Lender or challenge their
attorney client privilege. 
 220 

(iii) Notwithstanding anything in Subsection 11.1 or
the definitions of Required Lenders and Required Majority in Interest Lenders to the contrary, for purposes of determining whether the Required Lenders or the Required Majority in Interest Lenders, as applicable, have A consented (or not consented) to any amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, B otherwise acted on any matter related to any Loan
Document, or C directed or required the Administrative Agent or any Lender to undertake any action (or refrain from taking any action) with respect to or under any Loan Document, an Affiliated Lender that is not an Affiliated Debt Fund
shall be deemed to have voted its interest as a Lender without discretion in the same proportion as the allocation of voting with respect to such matter by Lenders who are not such Affiliated Lenders; provided that, I to the
extent Lenders are being compensated by the Borrower for consenting to an amendment, modification, waiver or any other action, each Affiliated Lender who has been deemed to have voted its Loans in accordance with this Subsection 11.6(h)(iii) 
shall be entitled to be compensated on the same basis as each consenting Lender as if it had voted all of its Loans in favor of the applicable amendment, modification, waiver or other action); and II no amendment, modification, waiver,
consent or other action with respect to any Loan Document shall deprive such Affiliated Lender of its ratable share of any payments of Loans of any class to which such Affiliated Lender is entitled under the Loan Documents without such Affiliated
Lender providing its consent; provided , further , that such Affiliated Lender shall have the right to approve any amendment, supplement, modification, waiver or consent that x disproportionately and adversely affects such
Affiliated Lender in its capacity as a Lender or affects such Affiliated Lender differently in its capacity as a Lender than other Lenders or y is of the type described in Subsections 11.1(a)(i) through iv )); and in
furtherance of the foregoing, x the Affiliated Lender agrees to execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent any instrument reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to evidence the voting of its interest as a Lender in
accordance with the provisions of this Subsection 11.6(h)(iii) ; provided that if the Affiliated Lender fails to promptly execute such instrument such failure shall in no way prejudice any of the Administrative Agent s rights under
this Subsection 11.6(h)(iii) and y the Administrative Agent is hereby appointed (such appointment being coupled with an interest) by such Affiliated Lender as such Affiliated Lender s attorney-in-fact, with full authority
in the place and stead of such Affiliated Lender and in the name of such Affiliated Lender, from time to time in the Administrative Agent s discretion to take any action and to execute any instrument that the Administrative Agent may deem
reasonably necessary to carry out the provisions of this Subsection 11.6(h)(iii) . (iv) Each
Affiliated Lender that is not an Affiliated Debt Fund, solely in its capacity as a Lender, hereby agrees, and each Affiliated Lender Assignment and Assumption agreement shall provide a confirmation that, if any of any Holding Company, the Borrower
or any Restricted Subsidiary shall be subject to any voluntary or involuntary bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency or liquidation proceeding (each, a Bankruptcy Proceeding ), i such Affiliated Lender shall not take
any step or action in such Bankruptcy Proceeding to object to, impede, or delay the exercise of any right or the taking of any action by the Administrative Agent (or the taking of any action by a third party that is supported by the Administrative
Agent) in relation to such Affiliated Lender s claim with respect to its Term Loans Claim (including objecting to any debtor in possession financing, use of cash collateral, grant of adequate protection, sale or
disposition, compromise, or plan of reorganization) so long as such Affiliated Lender in its capacity as a Lender is treated in connection with such exercise or action on the same or better terms as the other Lenders and ii with
respect to any matter requiring the vote of Lenders during the pendency of a Bankruptcy Proceeding (including voting on any plan of reorganization), the Term Loans held by such Affiliated Lender (and any Claim with respect thereto) shall be deemed
to be voted in accordance with Subsection 11.6(h)(iii) above so long as such Affiliated Lender in its capacity as a Lender is treated in connection with the exercise of such right or taking of such action on the same or better terms as other
Lenders. For the avoidance of doubt, the Lenders and each Affiliated Lender that is not an Affiliated Debt Fund agree and acknowledge that the provisions set forth in this Subsection 11.6(h)(iv) and the related provisions set forth in each
Affiliated Lender Assignment and Assumption constitute a subordination agreement as such term is contemplated by, and utilized in, Section 510(a) of the United States Bankruptcy Code, and, as such, it is their intention that this
 Subsection 11.6(h)(iv) would be enforceable for all purposes in any case where any Holding Company, the Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary has filed for protection under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization or
relief of debtors applicable to such Holding Company, the Borrower or such Restricted Subsidiary, as applicable. Each Affiliated Lender that is not an Affiliated Debt Fund hereby irrevocably appoints the Administrative Agent (such appointment being
coupled with an interest) as such Affiliated Lender s attorney-in-fact, with full authority in the place and stead of such Affiliated Lender and in the name of such Affiliated Lender (solely in respect of Loans, Commitments and participations
therein and not in respect of any other claim or status such Affiliated Lender may otherwise have), from time to time in the Administrative Agent s discretion to take any action and to execute any instrument that the Administrative Agent may
deem reasonably necessary to carry out the provisions of this Subsection 11.6(h)(iv) . 
 221 

(v) Each Lender making an assignment to, or taking an
assignment from, an Affiliated Lender acknowledges and agrees that in connection with such assignment, 1 such Affiliated Lender then may have, and later may come into possession of Excluded Information, 2 such Lender has
independently and, without reliance on the Affiliated Lender, any Holding Company, the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries, the Administrative Agent or any of their respective Affiliates, has made its own analysis and determination to enter into such
assignment notwithstanding such Lender s lack of knowledge of the Excluded Information and 3 none of the Holding Companies, the Borrower, its Subsidiaries, the Administrative Agent, or any of their respective Affiliates shall have
any liability to such Lender, and such Lender hereby waives and releases, to the extent permitted by law, any claims such Lender may have against any Holding Company, the Borrower, its Subsidiaries, the Administrative Agent, and their respective
Affiliates, under applicable laws or otherwise, with respect to the nondisclosure of the Excluded Information. Each Lender entering into such an assignment further acknowledges that the Excluded Information may not be available to the Administrative
Agent or the other Lenders. (i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Subsection 11.1 or the
definitions of Required Lenders and Required Majority in Interest Lenders x with respect to any assignment or participation to or by an Affiliated Debt Fund, such assignment or participation shall be made
pursuant to an open market or other privately negotiated purchase and y for purposes of determining whether the Required Lenders or the Required Majority in Interest Lenders, as applicable, have i consented (or not
consented) to any amendment, supplement, modification, waiver, consent or other action with respect to any of the terms of any Loan Document or any departure by any Loan Party therefrom, ii otherwise acted on any matter related to any
Loan Document, or iii directed or required the Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent or any Lender to undertake any action (or refrain from taking any action) with respect to or under any Loan Document, all Term Loans held by
Affiliated Debt Funds may not account for more than 49.9 of the Term Loans of consenting Lenders included in determining whether the Required Lenders or the Required Majority in Interest Lenders, as applicable, have consented to any action pursuant
to Subsection 11.1 . 
 222 

(j) Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Subsection 11.6 ,
nothing in this Subsection 11.6 is intended to or should be construed to limit the Borrower s right to prepay the Loans as provided hereunder, including under Subsection 4.4 . 
 (k) [Reserved]. 
 (l) [Reserved]. 
 (m) (i) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to the contrary, if any Lender or
Participant at any time is or becomes a Disqualified Party, then for so long as such Lender or Participant shall be a Disqualified Party, the provisions of this Subsection 11.6(m) shall apply with respect to such Disqualified Party
unless the Borrower shall have otherwise expressly consented in writing in its sole discretion (and regardless of whether the Borrower shall have consented to any assignment or participation to such Lender or Participant). 
 (ii) Any Disqualified Party shall be bound by the provisions of, but shall not have any rights or remedies or
be a beneficiary (whether as a Lender, a Participant or otherwise) under or with respect to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document. Without limiting the foregoing, a Disqualified Party 1 shall not be entitled to and shall have no
right to receive any payment in respect of principal (other than with respect to payments of principal on the Maturity Date for the applicable Tranche), interest, fees, costs, expenses or any other amount under or in respect of any Loan Document,
including but not limited to pursuant to Subsection 2.2 , 2.6(c) , 4.1 , 4.4 , 4.5 , 4.8 , 4.10 , 4.11 , 4.12 , 11.5 , 11.6(c) or 11.7 of this Agreement, Subsection 9.4 of the
Guarantee and Collateral Agreement or any similar provision of any other Loan Document, and 2 shall be deemed not to be w a Secured Party (as defined in the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement or any other applicable
Security Document) under or in respect of any Loan Document, x a Term Loan Secured Party (as defined in the ABL/Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement) under or in respect of the ABL/Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement, y an
Original Senior Lien Creditor (as defined in any Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement) under or in respect of such Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement or z the analogous party under or in respect of any Other Intercreditor Agreement. No
fees or interest shall accrue for the account of a Disqualified Party (except solely for interest payable to a permitted assignee thereof following an assignment to such assignee 1 pursuant to and as expressly provided in Subsection
11.6(b) and 2 pursuant to and as expressly provided in Subsection 11.6(m)(iv) below). 
 (iii) No Disqualified Party shall have any right to approve, disapprove or consent to any amendment,
supplement, waiver or modification of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any term hereof or thereof. In determining whether the requisite Lender or Lenders have consented to any such amendment, supplement, waiver or modification, and in
determining the Required Lenders or the Required Majority in Interest Lenders for any purpose under or in respect of any Loan Document, any Lender that is a Disqualified Party (and the Loans and/or Commitments of such Disqualified Party) shall be
excluded and disregarded. Each such amendment, supplement, waiver or modification shall be binding and effective as to each Disqualified Party. 
 223 

(iv) The Borrower shall have the right A at
the sole expense of any Lender that is a Disqualified Party and/or the Person that assigned its Commitments and/or Loans to such Disqualified Party, to seek to replace or terminate such Disqualified Party as a Lender by causing such Lender to (and
such Lender shall be obligated to) assign any or all of its Commitments and/or Loans and its rights and obligations under this Agreement to one or more assignees (which may, at the Borrower s sole option, be or include any Parent Entity, the
Borrower or any Subsidiary); provided that 1 the Administrative Agent shall not have any obligation to the Borrower to find such a replacement Lender, 2 the Borrower shall not have any obligation to such
Disqualified Party or any other Person to find such a replacement Lender or accept or consent to any such assignment to itself or any other Person and 3 the assignee (or, at its option, the Borrower) shall pay to such Disqualified
Party concurrently with such assignment an amount (which payment shall be deemed payment in full) equal to the lesser of x the face principal amount of the Loans so assigned, y the amount that such Disqualified Party paid
to acquire such Commitments and/or Loans, and z the most recently available quoted price for such Commitments and/or Loans (as determined by the Borrower in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive, the Trading
Price ), in each case without interest thereon (it being understood that if the effective date of such assignment is not an Interest Payment Date, such assignee shall be entitled to receive on the next succeeding Interest Payment Date
interest on the principal amount of the Loans so assigned that has accrued and is unpaid from the Interest Payment Date last preceding such effective date (except as may be otherwise agreed between such assignee and the Borrower)), or B to prepay any Loans held by such Disqualified Party, in whole or in part, by paying an amount (which payment shall be deemed payment in full) equal to the lesser of x the face principal amount of the Loans so prepaid, y the amount that such Disqualified Party paid to acquire such Loans, and z the Trading Price for such Loans (in each case without interest thereon), and if applicable, terminate the Commitments of such Disqualified
Party, in whole or in part provided that, in the case of any Disqualified Party pursuant to clause (iii)(b) of the definition thereof, each Participant that has a participation in the Commitments and/or Loans of such Disqualified Party shall
be provided a bona fide and reasonable opportunity to be assigned the Commitments and/or Loans in accordance with clause (A) above in an aggregate amount equal to no less than the aggregate principal amount of such participation). In connection
with any such replacement, 1 if the Disqualified Party does not execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent a duly completed Assignment and Acceptance and/or any other documentation necessary or appropriate (in the good faith
determination of the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, which determination shall be conclusive) to reflect such replacement by the later of a the date on which the replacement Lender executes and delivers such Assignment and
Acceptance and/or such other documentation and b the date as of which the Disqualified Party shall be paid by the assignee Lender (or, at its option, the Borrower) the amount required pursuant to this Subsection 11.6(m)(iv)(B) ,
then such Disqualified Party shall be deemed to have executed and delivered such Assignment and Acceptance and/or such other documentation as of such date and the Borrower shall be entitled (but not obligated) to execute and deliver such Assignment
and Acceptance and/or such other documentation on behalf of such Disqualified Party, and the Administrative Agent shall record such assignment in the Register, 2 each Lender (whether or not then a party hereto) agrees to disclose to
the Borrower the amount that the applicable Disqualified Party paid to acquire Commitments and/or Loans from such Lender and 3 each Lender that is a Disqualified Party agrees to disclose to the Borrower the amount it paid to acquire
the Commitments and/or Loans held by it. 
 224 

(v) No Disqualified Party (whether as a Lender, a
Participant or otherwise) shall have any right to A receive any information or material made available to any Lender or the Administrative Agent hereunder or under any other Loan Document, B have access to any Internet or
intranet website to which any of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party or other website or whether sponsored by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower or otherwise), C attend (including
by telephone) or otherwise participate in any meeting or discussions (or portions thereof) among or with any of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and/or one or more Lenders, D receive any information or material prepared by the
Borrower, the Administrative Agent and/or one or more Lenders or E receive advice of counsel to the Administrative Agent, the Collateral Agent or any other Lender or challenge their attorney client privilege. Any Disqualified Party
shall not solicit or seek to obtain any such information or material. If at any time any Disqualified Party receives or possesses any such information or material, such Disqualified Party shall 1 notify the Borrower as soon as possible
that such information or material has become known to it or came into its possession, 2 immediately return to the Borrower or, at the option of the Borrower, destroy (and confirm to the Borrower such destruction) such information or
material, together with any notes, analyses, compilations, forecasts, studies or other documents related thereto which it or its advisors prepared and 3 keep such information or material confidential and shall not utilize such
information or material for any purpose. Each Lender (whether or not then a party hereto) agrees to notify the Borrower as soon as possible if it becomes aware that x it made an assignment to or has a participation with a Disqualified
Party or y any such Disqualified Party has received any such information of materials. (vi)
The rights and remedies of the Borrower provided herein are cumulative and are not exclusive of any other rights and remedies provided to the Borrower at law or in equity, and the Borrower shall be entitled to pursue any remedy available to it
against any Lender that has (or has purported to have) made an assignment or sold or maintained a participation to or with a Disqualified Party or against any Disqualified Party. In no event shall the Administrative Agent be obligated to ascertain,
monitor or inquire as to whether x any Lender is a Net Short Lender or y any prospective assignee pursuant to Subsection 11.6(b) is a Disqualified Party or have any liability with respect to or arising out of any
assignment or participation of Loans by the Lenders or disclosure of confidential information by the Lenders, in each case, to any Disqualified Party; provided that, unless the Borrower has expressly consented in writing to an assignment to
an applicable Disqualified Party, this sentence shall not relieve the Administrative Agent of any liability arising from the bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Administrative Agent (as determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction in a final and non-appealable decision). (vii) Notwithstanding any other provision of this
Agreement, any other Loan Document, any Assignment and Acceptance or any other document, the provisions of this Subsection 11.6(m) shall apply and survive with respect to each Lender, Participant and Disqualified Party notwithstanding
that any such Person may have ceased to be a Lender or Participant (or any purported participation to any such Disqualified Party shall be void) hereunder or this Agreement may have been terminated. 
 225 

11.7 Adjustments; Set-off; Calculations; Computations . (a) If
any Lender (a Benefited Lender shall at any time receive any payment of all or part of its Loans, or interest thereon, or receive any collateral in respect thereof (whether voluntarily or involuntarily, by set-off, pursuant to
events or proceedings of the nature referred to in Subsection 9.1(f) , or otherwise (except pursuant to Subsection 2.8 , 2.9 , 2.10 , 2.11 , 4.4 , 4.5(b) , 4.9 , 4.10 , 4.11 , 4.12 ,
 4.13(d) , 4.14 , 11.1(g) or 11.6 )), in a greater proportion than any such payment to or collateral received by any other Lender, if any, in respect of such other Lender s Loans owing to it, or interest thereon, such
Benefited Lender shall purchase for cash from the other Lenders an interest (by participation, assignment or otherwise) in such portion of each such other Lender s Loans owing to it, or shall provide such other Lenders with the benefits of any
such collateral, or the proceeds thereof, as shall be necessary to cause such Benefited Lender to share the excess payment or benefits of such collateral or proceeds ratably with each of the Lenders; provided , however , that if all or
any portion of such excess payment or benefits is thereafter recovered from such Benefited Lender, such purchase shall be rescinded, and the purchase price and benefits returned, to the extent of such recovery, but without interest. 
 (b) In addition to any rights and remedies of the Lenders provided by law, each Lender shall have the right, without prior
notice to the Borrower, any such notice being expressly waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law, upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under Subsection 9.1(a) to set-off and appropriate and apply against any
amount then due and payable under Subsection 9.1(a) by the Borrower any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final), in any currency, and any other credits, indebtedness or claims, in any currency, in each case
whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, at any time held or owing by such Lender or any branch or agency thereof to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower. Each Lender agrees promptly to notify the
Borrower and the Administrative Agent after any such set-off and application made by such Lender, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application. 
 11.8 Judgment . (a) If, for the purpose of obtaining or enforcing judgment against any Loan Party in any court in
any jurisdiction, it becomes necessary to convert into any other currency (such other currency being hereinafter in this Subsection 11.8 referred to as the Judgment Currency an amount due under any Loan Document in any
currency (the Obligation Currency other than the Judgment Currency, the conversion shall be made at the rate of exchange prevailing on the Business Day immediately preceding the date of actual payment of the amount due, in the
case of any proceeding in the courts of any other jurisdiction that will give effect to such conversion being made on such date, or the date on which the judgment is given, in the case of any proceeding in the courts of any other jurisdiction (the
applicable date as of which such conversion is made pursuant to this Subsection 11.8 being hereinafter in this Subsection 11.8 referred to as the Judgment Conversion Date ). 
 226 

(b) If, in the case of any proceeding in the court of any jurisdiction
referred to in Subsection 11.8(a) , there is a change in the rate of exchange prevailing between the Judgment Conversion Date and the date of actual receipt for value of the amount due, the applicable Loan Party shall pay such additional
amount (if any, but in any event not a lesser amount) as may be necessary to ensure that the amount actually received in the Judgment Currency, when converted at the rate of exchange prevailing on the date of payment, will produce the amount of the
Obligation Currency which could have been purchased with the amount of the Judgment Currency stipulated in the judgment or judicial order at the rate of exchange prevailing on the Judgment Conversion Date. Any amount due from any Loan Party under
this Subsection 11.8(b) shall be due as a separate debt and shall not be affected by judgment being obtained for any other amounts due under or in respect of any of the Loan Documents. 
 (c) The term rate of exchange in this Subsection 11.8 means the rate of exchange at which the
Administrative Agent, on the relevant date at or about 12:00 P.M., New York City time, would be prepared to sell, in accordance with its normal course foreign currency exchange practices, the Obligation Currency against the Judgment Currency. 
 11.9 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed by one or more of the parties to this Agreement in any number of
separate counterparts (including by facsimile and other electronic transmission), and all of such counterparts taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. A set of the copies of this Agreement signed by all the parties
shall be delivered to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 11.10 Severability . Any provision of this
Agreement which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof, and any such prohibition or
unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 11.11 Integration . This Agreement and the other Loan Documents represent the entire agreement of each of the Loan
Parties party hereto, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders with respect to the subject matter hereof, and there are no promises, undertakings, representations or warranties by any of the Loan Parties party hereto, the Administrative Agent or any
Lender relative to the subject matter hereof not expressly set forth or referred to herein or in the other Loan Documents. 
 11.12 Governing Law . THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY NOTES AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT
AND ANY NOTES SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ITS PRINCIPLES OR RULES OF CONFLICT OF LAWS TO THE EXTENT SUCH PRINCIPLES OR RULES ARE NOT MANDATORILY
APPLICABLE BY STATUTE AND WOULD REQUIRE OR PERMIT THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANOTHER JURISDICTION. 
 227 

11.13 Submission to Jurisdiction; Waivers . Each party hereto hereby
irrevocably and unconditionally: (a) submits for itself and its property in any legal action or proceeding
relating to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party to the exclusive general jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of the State of New York for the County of New York (the New York Supreme Court ), and the
United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (the Federal District Court , and together with the New York Supreme Court, the New York Courts and appellate courts from either of them;
 provided that nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed or operate to preclude i any Agent from bringing suit or taking other legal action in any other jurisdiction to realize on the Collateral or any other security for the Term
Loan Facility Obligations (in which case any party shall be entitled to assert any claim or defense, including any claim or defense that this Subsection 11.13 would otherwise require to be asserted in a legal action or proceeding in a New
York Court), or to enforce a judgment or other court order in favor of the Administrative Agent or the Collateral Agent, ii any party from bringing any legal action or proceeding in any jurisdiction for the recognition and enforcement
of any judgment, iii if all such New York Courts decline jurisdiction over any Person, or decline (or in the case of the Federal District Court, lack) jurisdiction over any subject matter of such action or proceeding, a legal action or
proceeding may be brought with respect thereto in another court having jurisdiction and iv in the event a legal action or proceeding is brought against any party hereto or involving any of its assets or property in another court
(without any collusive assistance by such party or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates), such party from asserting a claim or defense (including any claim or defense that this Subsection 11.13(a) would otherwise require to be asserted in a
legal proceeding in a New York Court) in any such action or proceeding; (b) consents that any such action
or proceeding may be brought in such courts and waives any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the venue of any such action or proceeding in any such court or that such action or proceeding was brought in an inconvenient forum and agrees
not to plead or claim the same; (c) agrees that service of process in any such action or proceeding may be
effected by mailing a copy thereof by registered or certified mail (or any substantially similar form of mail), postage prepaid, to the Borrower, the applicable Lender or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, at the address specified in
 Subsection 11.2 or at such other address of which the Administrative Agent, any such Lender and the Borrower shall have been notified pursuant thereto; 
 (d) agrees that nothing herein shall affect the right to effect service of process in any other manner
permitted by law or (subject to clause (a) above) shall limit the right to sue in any other jurisdiction; and 
 (e) waives, to the maximum extent not prohibited by law, any right it may have to claim or recover in any legal
action or proceeding referred to in this Subsection 11.13 any consequential or punitive damages. 11.14
 Acknowledgements . The Borrower hereby acknowledges that: (a) it has been advised by counsel in the
negotiation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents; 
 228 

(b) neither any Agent nor any Other Representative or Lender
has any fiduciary relationship with or duty to the Borrower arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, and the relationship between the Administrative Agent and Lenders, on the one hand, and the Borrower,
on the other hand, in connection herewith or therewith is solely that of creditor and debtor; (c) no joint
venture is created hereby or by the other Loan Documents or otherwise exists by virtue of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby among the Lenders or among the Borrower and the Lenders; and 
 (d) each Agent, each Lender and their Affiliates may have economic interests that conflict with those of the
Loan Parties, their stockholders and/or their Affiliates. 11.15 Waiver of Jury Trial . EACH OF THE BORROWER, THE
AGENTS AND THE LENDERS HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY NOTES OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AND FOR ANY COUNTERCLAIM THEREIN. 
 11.16 Confidentiality . (a) Each Agent, each Other Representative and each Lender agrees to keep confidential any
information a provided to it by or on behalf of any Holding Company or the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries pursuant to or in connection with the Loan Documents or b obtained by such Lender based on a
review of the books and records of any Holding Company or the Borrower or any of their respective Subsidiaries; provided that nothing herein shall prevent any Lender from disclosing any such information i to any Agent, any Other
Representative or any other Lender, ii to any Transferee, or prospective Transferee or any creditor or any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Borrower and its
obligations which agrees to comply with the provisions of this Subsection 11.16 pursuant to a written instrument (or electronically recorded agreement from any Person listed above in this clause (ii), in respect to any electronic information
(whether posted or otherwise distributed on any Platform)) for the benefit of the Borrower (it being understood that each relevant Lender shall be solely responsible for obtaining such instrument (or such electronically recorded agreement)), iii to its Affiliates and the employees, officers, partners, directors, agents, attorneys, accountants and other professional advisors of it and its Affiliates, provided that such Lender shall inform each such Person of the
agreement under this Subsection 11.16 and take reasonable actions to cause compliance by any such Person referred to in this clause (iii) with this agreement (including, where appropriate, to cause any such Person to acknowledge its
agreement to be bound by the agreement under this Subsection 11.16 ), iv upon the request or demand of any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over such Lender or its affiliates or to the extent required in response to any
order of any court or other Governmental Authority or as shall otherwise be required pursuant to any Requirement of Law, provided that, other than with respect to any disclosure to any bank regulatory authority, such Lender shall, unless
prohibited by any Requirement of Law, notify the Borrower of any disclosure pursuant to this clause (iv) as far in advance as is reasonably practicable under such circumstances, v which has been publicly disclosed other than in
breach of this Agreement, vi in connection with the exercise of any remedy hereunder, under any Loan Document or under any Interest Rate Agreement, vii in connection with periodic regulatory examinations and reviews
conducted by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners or any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over such Lender or its affiliates (to the extent applicable), viii in connection with any litigation to which such
Lender (or, with respect to any Interest Rate Agreement, any Affiliate of any Lender party thereto) may be a party subject to the proviso in clause (iv) above, and ix if, prior to such information having been so provided or
obtained, such information was already in an Agent s or a Lender s possession on a non-confidential basis without a duty of confidentiality to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries being violated. Notwithstanding any other provision of
this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any Assignment and Acceptance, the provisions of this Subsection 11.16 shall survive with respect to each Agent and Lender until the second anniversary of such Agent or Lender ceasing to be an Agent
or a Lender, respectively. In addition, the Administrative Agent may provide information regarding the Facilities to service providers providing administrative and ministerial services solely in connection with the syndication and administration of
the Facilities on a confidential basis; provided that, except with respect to information which has been publicly disclosed other than in breach of this Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall inform each such Person of the agreement under
this Subsection 11.16 and take reasonable actions to cause compliance by any such Person with this agreement (including, where appropriate, to cause any such Person to acknowledge its agreement to be bound by the agreement under this
 Subsection 11.16 ). 
 229 

(b) Each Lender acknowledges that any such information referred to in
 Subsection 11.16(a) , and any information (including requests for waivers and amendments) furnished by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or the Administrative Agent pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan
Documents, may include material non-public information concerning the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, the other Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates or their respective securities. Each Lender represents and confirms that such Lender
has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material non-public information; that such Lender will handle such material non-public information in accordance with those procedures and applicable law, including United States federal and
state securities laws; and that such Lender has identified to the Administrative Agent a credit contact who may receive information that may contain material non-public information in accordance with its compliance procedures and applicable law.
 11.17 Incremental Indebtedness; Additional Indebtedness . In connection with the Incurrence by any Loan Party or
any Subsidiary thereof of any Incremental Indebtedness, Specified Refinancing Indebtedness or Additional Indebtedness, each of the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent agrees to execute and deliver the ABL/Term Loan Intercreditor Agreement,
any Junior Lien Intercreditor Agreement or any Other Intercreditor Agreement or any Intercreditor Agreement Supplement and amendments, amendments and restatements, restatements or waivers of or supplements to or other modifications to, any Security
Document, and to make or consent to any filings or take any other actions in connection therewith, as may be reasonably deemed by the Borrower to be necessary or reasonably desirable for any Lien on the assets of any Loan Party permitted to secure
such Incremental Indebtedness, Specified Refinancing Indebtedness or Additional Indebtedness to become a valid, perfected lien (with such priority as may be designated by the relevant Loan Party or Subsidiary, to the extent such priority is
permitted by the Loan Documents) pursuant to the Security Document being so amended, amended and restated, restated, waived, supplemented or otherwise modified or otherwise. 
 230 

11.18 USA PATRIOT Act Notice . Each Lender hereby notifies the
Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub.L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the Patriot Act ), it is required to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies
each Loan Party, which information includes the name of each Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender to identify each Loan Party in accordance with the Patriot Act and the CDD Rule, and the Borrower agrees to provide such
information from time to time to any Lender. 11.19 Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other
Documents . The words execution , signed , signature , and words of like import in any Assignment and Acceptance or Affiliated Lender Assignment and Assumption or in any amendment or other modification hereof
(including waivers and consents) shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use
of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records
Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 11.20 Reinstatement . This
Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and continue to be effective should any petition or other proceeding be filed by or against any Loan Party for liquidation or reorganization, should any Loan Party become insolvent or make an
assignment for the benefit of any creditor or creditors or should an interim receiver, receiver, receiver and manager or trustee be appointed for all or any significant part of any Loan Party s assets, and shall continue to be effective or to
be reinstated, as the case may be, if at any time payment and performance of the obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Documents, or any part thereof, is, pursuant to applicable law, rescinded or reduced in amount, or must otherwise be restored
or returned by any obligee of the obligations, whether as a fraudulent preference, reviewable transaction or otherwise, all as though such payment or performance had not been made. In the event that any payment, or any part thereof, is rescinded,
reduced, restored or returned, the obligations of the Borrower hereunder shall be reinstated and deemed reduced only by such amount paid and not so rescinded, reduced, restored or returned. 
 11.21 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, the Borrower, each Lender and the Administrative Agent (each, an Acknowledging Party acknowledges that any liability of any Lender that is an Affected Financial Institution arising
hereunder or under any other Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured and solely relates to the Loans and not to any other Person, including any other party hereto or any other Loan Document (and not to any other obligations), to
such Acknowledging Party (all such liabilities, other than any Excluded Liability, the Covered Liabilities may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to,
and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers to
any Covered Liability arising hereunder or under any other Loan Document which may be payable to it by any Lender party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 
 231 

(b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such Covered Liability,
including, if applicable: (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such Covered
Liability; (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such Covered Liability into shares or other
instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in
lieu of any rights with respect to any such Covered Liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 
 (iii) the variation of the terms of such Covered Liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down
and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, nothing
contained in this Subsection 11.21 shall modify or otherwise alter the rights or obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document of any Person party hereto (other than an Acknowledging Party to the extent set forth in this
 Subsection 11.21 or with respect to any liability that is not a Covered Liability. 11.22 [Reserved] . 
 11.23 Recognition of U.S. Special Resolution Regime . In the event that any Lender that is a Covered Entity becomes
subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer from such Lender of this Agreement, and any interest and obligation in or under this Agreement, will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective
under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement, and any such interest and obligation, were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event that any Lender that is a Covered Entity or a BHC Act
Affiliate of such Lender becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under this Agreement that may be exercised against such Lender are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default
Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if this Agreement were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 
 [SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW] 
 232 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly
executed, all as of the date first written above. 

CD R WATERWORKS MERGER SUB, LLC 

By: 

Name: 

Title: 

[S IGNATURE 
P AGE TO THE W ATERWORKS T ERM L OAN C REDIT A GREEMENT ] 

AGENT AND LENDERS: 

[ ] 

[S IGNATURE 
P AGE TO THE W ATERWORKS T ERM L OAN C REDIT A GREEMENT ] 

</EX-10.1 9>

<EX-10.27>
 3
 ex1027amendment2-restateda.htm
 EX-10.27

Document 

EXHIBIT 10.27 
 
 AMENDMENT NO. 2 AND WAIVER 
 TO THE 
 SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 AGREEMENT OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 
 OF 
 CORE & MAIN HOLDINGS, LP 
 
 THIS AMENDMENT NO. 2 AND WAIVER, dated as of March 27, 2023 (this Amendment ), to the A&R Agreement (as defined below, and as amended by this Amendment, the Agreement of Core & Main Holdings, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (them partner (in such capacity, the General Partner and a limited partner, CD&R Waterworks Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the CD&R Partner ), as a limited partner, CD&R WW, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Intermediate Partner ), as a limited partner, and Core & Main Management Feeder, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Management Partner ), as a limited partner. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the A&R Agreement. 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 
 WHEREAS, on July 22, 2021, the Original Agreement was amended and restated by the Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Partnership, dated as of July 22, 2021 and the Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of the Partnership, dated as of July 22, 2021, and further amended on April 30, 2022, pursuant to Amendment No. 1 (as amended, the A&R Agreement 
 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of C&M Inc., C&M Inc. is obligated to maintain at all times a one-to-one ratio between the number of LP Partnership Interests owned by C&M Inc. (directly or indirectly, including through its subsidiaries) and the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock, subject to certain exceptions 
 
 WHEREAS, C&M Inc. may, at any time and from time to time, repurchase outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock (other than shares of Class A Common Stock issued pursuant to an Exchange Agreement Adjustment) (any such issuance or repurchase of shares of Class A Common Stock, a Class A Common Stock Event 
 
 WHEREAS, C&M Inc., the Partnership and the CD&R Partner may, at any time and from time to time, enter into certain purchase and redemption agreements, with CD&R Fund X Advisor Waterworks B, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership Fund X Advisor ), CD&R Fund X Waterworks B1, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership Fund X Waterworks B1 ), and CD&R Fund X-A Waterworks B, L.P., a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership Fund X-A , and each such purchase and redemption agreement, a Repurchase Agreement 
 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to a Repurchase Agreement, among other things, (i) the Partnership may redeem LP Partnership Interests held by C&M Inc. and LP Partnership Interests held by the CD&R Partner, (ii) the CD&R Partner may transfer to C&M Inc. certain shares of Class B Common Stock of C&M Inc. and (iii) Fund X Advisor, Fund X Waterworks B1 and Fund X-A may transfer to C&M Inc. certain shares of Class A Common Stock of C&M Inc., in each case, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in such Repurchase Agreement 
 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 11.9 of the A&R Agreement, the A&R Agreement may be amended with the consent of the General Partner and each of the Limited Partners and each Limited Partner may waive (in writing) the benefit of any provision of the A&R Agreement with respect to itself for any purpose and 
 
 WHEREAS, each of the Partners hereby desires to amend the A&R Agreement, and waive the benefit of certain provisions of the A&R Agreement, in each case, in the manner set forth herein in order to facilitate the transactions contemplated by Repurchase Agreements and maintain a one-to-one ratio of LP Partnership Interests to outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock. 

1 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and agreements herein made and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereby agree as follows 
 
 1. Amendment 
 
 a. The A&R Agreement is hereby amended to insert the following as a new Section 2.2(g) 
 
 (g) In connection with any matter contemplated by Sections 2.2(a) through (f), the General Partner shall, and hereby is empowered to, take any and all action that it determines to be necessary in its reasonable discretion to maintain a one-to-one ratio between the number of LP Partnership Interests owned by C&M Inc. (directly or indirectly, including through its subsidiaries) and the number of outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock while maintaining the relative economic entitlements of the Partners by adjusting the number of outstanding LP Partnership Interests held by any Partner, including through a redemption of such LP Partnership Interests. 
 
 2. Consent and Waiver 
 
 a. Notwithstanding anything in the Agreement to the contrary, the Partnership's execution, delivery and performance, and the General Partner's or any Officer's execution and delivery on behalf of the Partnership, on the Partnership's own behalf and or on behalf of Core & Main Connector, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, of (i) any Repurchase Agreement, and (ii) all documents, agreements, certificates or filings contemplated thereby or related thereto or any amendments thereto, are hereby authorized, approved, ratified and confirmed in all respects, all without any further act, vote or approval of any other Person. Each party to this Amendment, as a Limited Partner, hereby waives any and all rights and restrictions in the A&R Agreement (including, without limitation, the provisions of Section 3.1(a) thereof) that would otherwise limit non-pro rata cash distributions to Limited Partners authorized by the General Partner and determined to be necessary in the reasonable discretion of the General Partner to effect the transactions contemplated by a Repurchase Agreement. Without limitation of the foregoing, each party to this Amendment agrees that the transactions contemplated by a Repurchase Agreement shall not give rise to any Liquidation Adjustment pursuant to Section 4.1(b) of the Agreement. 
 
 3. Miscellaneous 
 
 a. This Amendment may be executed and delivered (including by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file) in one or more counterparts, and by the different Parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Copies of executed counterparts transmitted by telecopy, by e-mail delivery of a .pdf format data file or other electronic transmission service shall be considered original executed counterparts for purposes of this Section 3(a) . 
 b. This Amendment (together with the A&R Agreement) constitutes the entire agreement among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, superseding any prior agreement or understanding among them, oral or written. 
 c. This Amendment shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice or conflict of laws provision or rule that would cause the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction. The Parties hereto hereby declare that it is their intention that this Amendment shall be regarded as made under the laws of the State of Delaware and that the laws of said State shall be applied in interpreting its provisions in all cases where legal interpretation shall be required. 
 d. By its signature below, each of the Partners hereby consents to this Amendment. This Amendment shall be effective as of the date hereof and shall be considered an integrated part of the Agreement. Except as so modified pursuant to this Amendment, the A&R Agreement is ratified and confirmed in all respects. The waiver set forth in Section 2 of this Amendment shall be limited to the transactions contemplated by any Repurchase Agreement and shall not operate or be construed as a further or continuing waiver of any other transactions. 

2 

e. If any provision, including any phrase, sentence, clause, section or subsection, of this Amendment is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, inoperative or unenforceable for any reason, such circumstances shall not have the effect of rendering such provision in question invalid, inoperative or unenforceable in any other case or circumstance, or of rendering any other provision herein contained invalid, inoperative or unenforceable to any extent whatsoever. Upon any such determination, the General Partner shall reasonably and in good faith modify this Amendment so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in order that the transactions contemplated hereby be consummated as originally contemplated to the fullest extent possible. 
 f. At any time or from time to time after the date hereof, the parties agree to cooperate with each other, and at the request of any other party, to execute and deliver any further instruments or documents and to take all such further action as the other party may reasonably request in order to evidence or effectuate the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby in accordance with their terms and to otherwise carry out the intent of the parties hereunder. 
 
 Remainder of page intentionally left blank. 

3 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned, intending to be legally bound hereby, have duly executed this Amendment effective as of the date first set forth above. 
 GENERAL AND LIMITED PARTNER 

CORE & MAIN, INC. , in its capacity as the general partner and a limited partner 

By _ s Stephen LeClair_ 
 Name Stephen O. LeClair 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 
 
 LIMITED PARTNERS 

CD&R WATERWORKS HOLDINGS, LLC , in its capacity as a limited partner 
 
 By its manager, CD&R Waterworks Holdings, L.P. 
 By its general partner, CD&R Waterworks Holdings GP, Ltd. 

By _ s Rima Simson _ 
 Name Rima Simson 
 Title Vice President, Treasurer and Secretary 
 
 CD&R WW, LLC , in its capacity as a limited partner 
 
 By its managing member, Core & Main, Inc. 

By _ s Stephen LeClair_ 
 Name Stephen O. LeClair 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 

CORE & MAIN MANAGEMENT FEEDER, LLC , in its capacity as a limited partner 
 
 By its managing member, CD&R Waterworks Holdings GP, Ltd. 
 
 By _ s Rima Simson_ 
 Name Rima Simson 
 Title Vice President, Treasurer and Assistant Secretary 

Signature Page Amendment No. 2 and Waiver to the Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement of Core & Main Holdings, LP 
 4 

</EX-10.27>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex231-pwcconsent2022.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-258128) and in the Registration Statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-267437) of Core & Main, Inc. of our report dated March 28, 2023 relating to the financial statements and financial statement schedules, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 St. Louis, Missouri 
 March 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 coremainex311q42022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Stephen O. LeClair, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Core & Main, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d- 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 28, 2023 
 s Stephen O. LeClair Stephen O. LeClair Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 coremainex312q42022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Mark R. Witkowski, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Core & Main, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d- 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 28, 2023 
 s Mark R. Witkowski Mark R. Witkowski Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 coremainex321q42022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Core & Main, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 29, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Stephen O. LeClair, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date March 28, 2023 
 s Stephen O. LeClair Stephen O. LeClair 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 coremainex322q42022.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Core & Main, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 29, 2023 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Mark R. Witkowski, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date March 28, 2023 
 s Mark R. Witkowski Mark R. Witkowski 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 cnm-20230129.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 cnm-20230129_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 cnm-20230129_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 cnm-20230129_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 cnm-20230129_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

