<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230309_10-K_edgar_data_1227500_0000950170-23-007069.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>63811369</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>625880</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4924336</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>36231691</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5192614</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>14915033</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-007069.hdr.sgml : 20230309
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230309164709
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-007069
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		170
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230309
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230309

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EQUITY BANCSHARES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001227500
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			KS
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37624
		FILM NUMBER:		23720362

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7701 E. KELLOGG DRIVE, SUITE 300
		CITY:			WICHITA
		STATE:			KS
		ZIP:			67207
		BUSINESS PHONE:		316-612-6000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7701 E. KELLOGG DRIVE, SUITE 300
		CITY:			WICHITA
		STATE:			KS
		ZIP:			67207

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-007069.txt : 20230309

10-K
 1
 eqbk-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 	ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 
 	TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 
 
 EQUITY BANCSHARES, INC. 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: . 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer	 

Non-accelerated filer	 
 Smaller reporting company	 

Emerging growth company	 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.	 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its 
 audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the registrant s voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affil iates was million. 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

Shares outstanding as of February 28, 2023 

Class A Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share 

Class B Non-Voting Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Part I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 3 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 23 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 49 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 49 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 49 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 49 

Part II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 50 

Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 54 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 55 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
 81 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 84 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F- 1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F- 4 

Consolidated Statements of Income 
 F- 5 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 F- 6 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 F- 7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F- 8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 10 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 84 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 84 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 85 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 
 85 

Part III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 86 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 86 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 86 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 86 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 86 

Part IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 87 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 90 

Important Notice about Information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 Unless we state otherwise or the context otherwise requires, references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to we, our, us, the Company and Equity refer to Equity Bancshares, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, including Equity Bank, which we sometimes refer to as Equity Bank, the Bank or our Bank. 
 The information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is accurate only as of the date of this annual report and as of the dates specified herein. 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements reflect our current views with respect to, among other things, future events and our financial performance. These statements are often, but not always, made through the use of words or phrases such as may, should, could, predict, potential, believe, will likely result, expect, continue, will, anticipate, seek, estimate, intend, plan, project, forecast, goal, target, would and outlook, or the negative variations of those words or other comparable words of a future or forward-looking nature. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts and are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about our industry, management s beliefs and certain assumptions made by management, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and beyond our control. Accordingly, we caution you that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, assumptions and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the date made, actual results may prove to be materially different from the results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. When considering forward-looking statements, you should keep in mind the risk factors and other cautionary statements described in Item 1A Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 There are or will be important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated in these forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 external economic and/or market factors, such as changes in monetary and fiscal policies and laws, including the interest rate policies of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, or the Federal Reserve, inflation or deflation, changes in the demand for loans, and fluctuations in consumer spending, borrowing and savings habits which may have an adverse impact on our financial condition; 

losses resulting from a decline in the credit quality of the assets that we hold; 

the occurrence of various events that negatively impact the real estate market, since a significant portion of our loan portfolio is secured by real estate; 

inaccuracies or changes in the appraised value of real estate securing the loans we originate that could lead to losses if the real estate collateral is later foreclosed upon and sold at a price lower than the appraised value; 

the loss of our largest loan and depositor relationships; 

limitations on our ability to lend and to mitigate the risks associated with our lending activities as a result of our size and capital position; 

differences in our qualitative factors used in our calculation of the allowance for credit losses from actual results; 

inadequacies in our allowance for credit losses which could require us to take a charge to earnings and thereby adversely affect our financial condition; 

interest rate fluctuations which could have an adverse effect on our profitability; 

the impact of the transition from London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR and our ability to adequately manage such transition; 

an economic downturn, especially one affecting our core market areas; 

potential fraud related to Small Business Administration SBA loan applications through the Paycheck Protection Program PPP as part of the U.S. Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act CARES Act ); 

the effects of pandemic and widespread public health emergencies; 

1 

the costs of integrating the businesses we acquire, which may be greater than expected; 

the departure of key members of our management personnel or our inability to hire qualified management personnel; 

challenges arising from unsuccessful attempts to expand into new geographic markets, products, or services; 

a lack of liquidity resulting from decreased loan repayment rates, lower deposit balances, or other factors; 

inaccuracies in our assumptions about future events which could result in material differences between our financial projections and actual financial performance; 

an inability to keep pace with the rate of technological advances due to a lack of resources to invest in new technologies; 

disruptions, security breaches, or other adverse events, failures or interruptions in, or attacks on, our information technology systems; 

unauthorized access to nonpublic personal information of our customers, which could expose us to litigation or reputational harm; 

disruptions, security breaches, or other adverse events affecting the third-party vendors who perform several of our critical processing functions; 

required implementation of new accounting standards that significantly change our existing recognition practices; 

additional regulatory requirements and restrictions on our business, which could impose additional costs on us; 

an increase in FDIC deposit insurance assessments, which could adversely affect our earnings; 

increased capital requirements imposed by banking regulators, which may require us to raise capital at a time when capital is not available on favorable terms or at all; 

restraints on the ability of Equity Bank to pay dividends to us, which could limit our liquidity; 

a failure in the internal controls we have implemented to address the risks inherent to the banking industry; 

continued or increasing competition from other financial institutions, credit unions, and non-bank financial services companies, many of which are subject to different regulations than we are; 

costs arising from the environmental risks associated with making loans secured by real estate; 

the occurrence of adverse weather or man-made events, which could negatively affect our core markets or disrupt our operations; 

the effects of new federal tax laws, or changes to existing federal tax laws; 

the obligation associated with being a public company requires significant resources and management attention; and 

other factors that are discussed in Item 1A Risk Factors. 

The foregoing factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read in conjunction with other cautionary statements that are included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If one or more events related to these or other risks or uncertainties materialize, or if our underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, actual results may differ materially from what we anticipate. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date when it is made and we do not undertake any obligation to publicly update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. New risks and uncertainties arise from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict those events or how they may affect us. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements, expressed or implied, included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. This cautionary statement should also be considered in connection with any subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements that we or persons acting on our behalf may issue. 
 2 

Part I 
 Item 1: B usiness 
 Our Company 
 We are a financial holding company headquartered in Wichita, Kansas. Our wholly-owned banking subsidiary, Equity Bank, provides a broad range of financial services primarily to businesses and business owners as well as individuals through our network of 64 branches located in Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma, as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we had, on a consolidated basis, total assets of 4.98 billion, total deposits of 4.24 billion, total loans (net of allowances) of 3.27 billion and total stockholders equity of 410.1 million. 
 Our principal objective is to increase stockholder value and generate consistent earnings growth by expanding our commercial banking franchise both organically and through strategic acquisitions. We strive to provide an enhanced banking experience for our customers by providing them with a comprehensive suite of sophisticated banking products and services tailored to meet their needs while delivering the high-quality relationship-based customer service of a community bank. 
 Our History and Growth 
 We were founded in November 2002 by our Chairman and CEO, Brad S. Elliott. Mr. Elliott believed that, as a result of in-market consolidation, there existed an opportunity to build an attractive commercial banking franchise and create long-term value for our stockholders. Following thirteen years experience as a finance executive, including serving as a Regional President for a Kansas bank with over 1.0 billion in assets, Mr. Elliott implemented his banking vision of developing a strategic consolidator of community banks and a destination for seasoned bankers and businesspersons who share our entrepreneurial spirit. In 2003, we raised capital from 23 local investors to finance the acquisition of National Bank of Andover in Andover, Kansas. 
 We believe we have a successful track record of selectively acquiring, integrating and consolidating community banks and branch networks. Our acquisition activity includes the following transactions. 
 June 2003 Acquired National Bank of Andover in Andover, Kansas for 3 million. At the time of our acquisition, National Bank of Andover had 32 million in total assets. 

February 2005 Acquired two branches of Hillcrest Bank, N.A. in Wichita, Kansas, which increased our deposits by 66 million. In conjunction with this acquisition, we relocated our headquarters to our current principal executive offices in Wichita. 

June 2006 Acquired the Mortgage Centre of Wichita and integrated it into our Bank as a department to expand our mortgage loan platform. 

October 2006 Acquired a Missouri charter from First National Bank in Sarcoxie, Missouri, which allowed us to subsequently open a full-service branch in Lee s Summit, Missouri in 2007. 

November 2007 Acquired Signature Bancshares, Inc. in Spring Hill, Kansas, which provided us entry into the Overland Park, Kansas market. 

August 2008 Acquired Ellis State Bank with locations in Ellis and Hays, Kansas. 

December 2011 Acquired four branches of Citizens Bank and Trust in Topeka, Kansas, which increased our deposits by 110 million. 

October 2012 Acquired First Community Bancshares, Inc. in Overland Park, Kansas, which increased our deposits by approximately 515 million. At the time of acquisition, First Community had total assets of approximately 595 million, which significantly increased our total asset size and provided us with ten additional branches in Western Missouri and five additional branches in Kansas City . 

October 2015 Acquired First Independence Corporation of Independence, the registered savings and loan holding company for First Federal Savings Loan of Independence, based in Independence, Kansas. First Independence operated four full-service branches in Southeastern Kansas. At the time of acquisition, First Independence had consolidated total assets of 135.0 million, total deposits of 87.1 million and total loans of 89.9 million. 

November 2016 Acquired Community First Bancshares, Inc. in Harrison, Arkansas, which increased our deposits by 375.4 million. At the time of acquisition, Community First had total assets of 462.9 million and five locations in Arkansas. 

3 

March 2017 Acquired Prairie State Bancshares, Inc. Prairie in Hoxie, Kansas, which increased our deposits by 125.4 million and our total assets by 153.1 million. The merger added three locations in western Kansas. 

November 2017 Acquired Eastman National Bancshares, Inc. Eastman ), which had a total of four branches in Ponca City and Newkirk, Oklahoma. The acquisition increased our deposits by 224.1 million, our loans by 177.9 million and our total assets by 281.5 million. In addition, at the same time, we acquired Cache Holdings, Inc. Cache in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Cache was the holding company for Patriot Bank and had one branch in Tulsa. The acquisition of Cache added 278.7 million in deposits, 300.7 million in loans and 343.4 in total assets. 

May 2018 Acquired Kansas Bank Corporation KBC ), which had a total of five branches in Liberal and Hugoton, Kansas. The acquisition increased our deposits by 288.4 million, our loans by 159.4 million and our total assets by 336.1 million. On the same day we acquired Adams Dairy Bancshares, Inc. Adams ), which had one branch located in Blue Springs, Missouri. The acquisition of Adams added 97.1 million in deposits, 82.7 million in loans and 119.8 million in total assets. 

August 2018 Acquired City Bank and Trust Company City Bank ), with one branch in Guymon, Oklahoma, from Docking Bancshares, Inc. This acquisition increased our deposits by 126.9 million, our loans by 77.1 million and our total assets by 163.3 million. 

February 2019 Acquired the assets and assumed the deposits and certain other liabilities of two branch locations in Guymon, Oklahoma and one branch location in Cordell, Oklahoma, from MidFirst Bank based in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. This acquisition increased our deposits by 98.5 million, our loans by 6.5 million and our total assets by 98.6 million. 

October 2020 Purchased the assets and assumed the deposits of one branch location in Norton, Kansas, and one branch location in Almena, Kansas, from Almena State Bank Almena facilitated by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ). This purchase increased our deposits by 62.5 million, our loans by 31.4 million and our total assets by 66.9 million. 

October 2021 Acquired American State Bancshares, Inc. ASBI ), which had a total of seventeen branches in Kansas. The acquisition increased our deposits by 668.8 million, our loans by 441.9 million and our total assets by 777.6 million. 

December 2021 Purchased the assets and assumed the deposits of three Security Bank of Kansas City Security branch locations in St. Joseph, Missouri, from Valley View Financial Co. of Overland Park, Kansas. The purchase increased our deposits by 75.1 million, our loans by 1.4 million and our total assets by 75.8 million. 

In conjunction with our strategic acquisition growth, we strive to reposition and improve the loan portfolio and deposit mix of the banks we acquire. Following our acquisitions, we focus on identifying and disposing of problematic loans and replacing them with higher quality loans generated organically. In addition, we focus on growth in our commercial loan portfolio primarily by hiring additional talented bankers, particularly in our metropolitan markets, and incentivizing our bankers to expand their commercial banking relationships. We also seek to increase our most attractive deposit accounts, primarily by growing deposits in our community markets and cross selling our depository products to our loan customers. 
 As a result of these strategic and organic growth efforts, we have expanded our team of full-time equivalent employees from 19 to 732 and our network of branches from two to 65. We believe that we are well positioned to continue to be a strategic consolidator of community banks while maintaining our history of attracting experienced and entrepreneurial bankers and organically growing our loans and deposits. 
 Our Strategies 
 We believe we are a leading provider of commercial and personal banking services to businesses and business owners as well as individuals in our targeted Midwestern markets. Our strategy is to continue strategically consolidating community banks within such markets and maintaining our organic growth, while preserving our asset quality through disciplined lending practices. 
 Strategic Consolidation of Community Banks. We believe our strategy of selectively acquiring and integrating community banks has provided us with economies of scale and improved our overall franchise efficiency. We expect to continue to pursue strategic acquisitions and believe our targeted market areas present us with many and varied acquisition opportunities. The following map illustrates the headquarters of potential acquisition opportunities broken out by asset size between 50.0 million and 1.5 billion within our target footprint. 

4 

We believe many of these banks will continue to be burdened by new and more complex banking regulations, resource constraints, competitive limitations, rising technological and other business costs, management succession issues and liquidity concerns. 
 Despite the significant number of opportunities, we intend to continue to employ a disciplined approach to our acquisition strategy and only seek to identify and partner with financial institutions that possess attractive market share, low-cost deposit funding and compelling non-interest income-generating businesses. We believe consolidation will lead to organic growth opportunities for us following the integration of businesses we acquire. We also expect to continue to manage our branch network in order to ensure effective coverage for customers while minimizing any geographic overlap and driving corporate efficiency. 
 Enhance the Performance of the Banks We Acquire. We strive to successfully integrate the banks we acquire into our existing operational platform and enhance stockholder value through the creation of efficiencies within the combined operations. As a result of our acquisition history, we believe we have developed an experienced approach to integration that seeks to identify and execute on such synergies, particularly in the areas of technology, data processing, compliance and human resources, while generating earnings growth. We believe that our experience and reputation as a successful integrator and acquirer will allow us to continue to capitalize on additional opportunities within our markets in the future. 

Focus on Lending Growth in Our Metropolitan Markets While Increasing Deposits in Our Community Markets . We are focused on continuing to grow organically and believe the markets in which we operate currently provide meaningful opportunities to expand our commercial customer base and increase our current market share. We believe our branch network is strategically split between growing metropolitan markets, such as Kansas City, Wichita and Tulsa, and stable community markets within Western Kansas, Western Missouri, Topeka, Northern Arkansas and Northern Oklahoma. We 

5 

believe this diverse geographic footprint provides us with access to low cost, stable core deposits in community markets that we can use to fund commercial loan growth in our metropolitan markets. The following table shows our total deposits and loans (net of allowances) in our community markets and our metropolitan markets as of December 31, 2022, which we believe illustrates our execution of this strategy. 

Deposits 

Loans 

Amount (1) 

Overall 

Amount (1) 

Overall 

Metropolitan markets (2) 

1,492,090 

35 

2,146,372 

65 

Community markets (3) 

2,749,717 

65 

1,165,176 

35 

(1) Amounts in thousands. 

(2) Represents 15 locations in the Wichita, Kansas City and Tulsa metropolitan statistical areas MSAs ). 

(3) Represents 50 locations outside of the Wichita, Kansas City and Tulsa MSAs. 

Our team of seasoned bankers represents an important driver of our organic growth by expanding banking relationships with current and potential customers. We expect to continue to make opportunistic hires of talented and entrepreneurial bankers, particularly in our metropolitan markets, to further augment our growth. Our bankers are incentivized to increase the size of their loan and deposit portfolios and generate fee income while maintaining strong credit quality. We also seek to cross-sell our various banking products, including our deposit and treasury wealth management products, to our commercial loan customers, which we believe provides a basis for expanding our banking relationships as well as a stable, low-cost deposit base. We have built a scalable platform that will support this continued organic growth. 
 Preserve Our Asset Quality Through Disciplined Lending Practices . Our approach to credit management uses well-defined policies and procedures, disciplined underwriting criteria and ongoing risk management. We are a competitive and effective commercial and industrial lender, supplementing ongoing and active loan servicing with early-stage credit review provided by our bankers. This approach has allowed us to maintain loan growth with a diversified portfolio of high-quality assets. We believe our credit culture supports accountable bankers who maintain an ability to expand our customer base as well as make sound decisions for our Company. We believe our success in managing asset quality is illustrated by our aggregate net charge-off history. 

Our Competitive Strengths 
 We believe the following competitive strengths will allow us to continue to achieve our principal objective of increasing stockholder value and generating consistent earnings growth through the organic and strategic expansion of our commercial banking franchise. 
 Experienced Leadership and Management Team . Our seasoned and experienced executive management team, senior leaders and board of directors have exhibited the ability to deliver stockholder value by consistently growing profitably while expanding our commercial banking franchise through acquisition and integration. Our executive management team has, on average, more than twenty years of experience working for large, up to ten billion-dollar financial institutions in our markets during various economic cycles along with significant merger and acquisition experience in the financial services industry. Our executive management team has instilled a transparent and entrepreneurial culture that rewards leadership, innovation and problem solving. 

Focus on Commercial Banking . We are primarily a commercial bank. As measured by outstanding balances at December 31, 2022, commercial loans composed over 70.0 of our loan portfolio and within our commercial loan portfolio, 74.3 of such loans were commercial real estate loans and 25.7 were commercial and industrial loans. We have developed strong commercial relationships in our markets across a diversified range of sectors including key areas supporting regional and local economic activity and growth, such as manufacturing, freight/transportation, consumer services, franchising and commercial real estate. We have also been successful in attracting customers from larger competitors because of our flexible and responsive approach in providing banking solutions tailored to meet our customers needs while maintaining disciplined underwriting standards. Our relationship-based approach seeks to grow lending relationships with our customers as they expand their businesses, including geographically and through cross-selling our various other banking products, such as our deposit and treasury management products. We have a growing presence in attractive commercial banking markets, such as Wichita, Kansas City and Tulsa, which we believe present significant opportunities to continue to increase our business banking activities. 

Our Ability to Consolidate . Our branches are strategically located within metropolitan markets, Kansas City, Tulsa and Wichita, as well as stable community markets that present opportunities to expand our market share. Our executive management team has identified significant acquisition and consolidation opportunities ranging from small to large community banking institutions. These opportunities can include branch-only acquisitions as well. We believe our track 

6 

record of strategic acquisitions and effective integrations, combined with our expertise in our markets and scalable platform, will allow us to capitalize on these growth opportunities. 

Disciplined Acquisition Approach . Our disciplined approach to acquisitions, consolidations and integrations includes the following: (i) selectively acquiring community banking franchises only at appropriate valuations, after taking into account risks that we perceive with respect to the targeted bank; (ii) completing comprehensive due diligence and developing an appropriate plan to address any legacy credit problems of the targeted institution; (iii) identifying an achievable cost savings estimate and holding our management accountable for achieving such estimates; (iv) executing definitive acquisition agreements that we believe provide adequate protections to us; (v) installing our credit procedures, audit and risk management policies and procedures and compliance standards upon consummation of the acquisition; (vi) collaborating with the target s management team to execute on synergies and cost saving opportunities related to the acquisition; (vii) involving a broader management team across multiple departments in order to help ensure the successful integration of all business functions; and (viii) scheduling the acquisition closing date to occur simultaneously with the platform conversion date. We believe this approach allows us to realize the benefits of the acquisition and create stockholder value while appropriately managing risk. 

Efficient and Scalable Platform with Capacity to Support Our Growth . Through significant investments in technology and staff, our management team has built an efficient and scalable corporate infrastructure within our commercial banking franchise, including in the areas of banking processes, technology, data processing, underwriting, risk management and internal audit, which we believe will support our continued growth. While expanding our infrastructure, several departmental functions have been outsourced to gain the experience of outside professionals while at the same time achieving more favorable economics and cost-effective solutions. Such outsourced areas include specific internal audit functions and select loan review. This outsourcing strategy has proven to control costs while adding enhanced controls and/or service levels. We believe that this scalable infrastructure will continue to allow us to efficiently and effectively manage our anticipated growth. 

Culture Committed to Talent Development, Transparency and Accountability . We have invested in professional talent since our inception by building a team of businesspersons first and bankers second and economically aligned them with our stockholders, primarily through our stock purchase opportunities. In our efforts to become a destination for seasoned bankers with an entrepreneurial spirit, we have developed numerous leadership development programs. For example, Equity University is a year-long program we designed for our promising company-wide leaders. We believe our well-trained and motivated professionals work most effectively in a corporate environment that emphasizes transparency, respect, innovation and accountability. Our culture provides our professionals with the empowerment to better serve our clients and our communities. 

Sophisticated and Customized Banking Products with High-Quality Customer Service . We strive to offer our customers the sophisticated commercial banking products of large financial institutions with the personalized service of a community bank. Our management team s significant banking and lending experience in our markets has provided us with an understanding of the commercial banking needs of our customers that allows us to tailor our products and services to meet our customers needs. In addition to offering a diverse array of banking products and services, we offer our customers the high-touch, relationship-based customer service experience of a community bank. For example, we utilize Equity Connect, a customized customer relationship management system, to assign relationship officers to enhance relationships with our customers and identify and meet their particular needs. 

Strong Risk Management Practices . We place significant emphasis on risk management as an integral component of our organizational culture without sacrificing growth. We believe our comprehensive risk management system is designed to make sure that we have sound policies, procedures and practices for the management of key risks under our risk framework (which includes market, operational, liquidity, interest rate sensitivity, credit, insurance, regulatory, legal and reputational risk) and that any exceptions are reported by senior management to our board of directors or audit committee. Our risk management practices are overseen by the Chairmen of our audit and risk committees, who have many years of combined banking experience, and our Chief Risk Officer, who has more than 25 years of banking and financial services experience. We believe that our enterprise risk management philosophy has been important in gaining and maintaining the confidence of our various constituencies and growing our business and footprint within our markets. We also believe our strong risk management practices are manifested in our asset quality statistics. 

7 

2022 Branch Sales 
 At the close of business on June 24, 2022, the Company sold three branch locations located in Belleville, Clyde and Concordia, Kansas to United Bank and Trust. Pursuant to the agreement, United Bank and Trust assumed the deposits and certain other liabilities and acquired the loans and certain other assets associated with the three branch locations. 
 At the close of business on November 10, 2022, the Company sold one branch location located in Cordell, Oklahoma to High Plains Bank. Pursuant to the agreement, High Plains Bank assumed the deposits and certain other liabilities and acquired the loans and certain other assets associated with the one branch location. 
 Our Banking Services 
 A general description of the range of commercial banking products and other services we offer follows. 
 Lending Activities 
 We offer a variety of loans, including commercial and industrial, commercial real estate-backed loans (including loans secured by owner occupied commercial properties), commercial lines of credit, working capital loans, term loans, equipment financing, acquisition, expansion and development loans, borrowing base loans, real estate construction loans, homebuilder loans, agricultural, government guaranteed loans, letters of credit and other loan products to national and regional companies, restaurant franchisees, hoteliers, real estate developers, manufacturing and industrial companies, agribusiness companies and other businesses. We also offer various consumer loans to individuals and professionals including residential real estate loans, home equity loans, home equity lines of credit HELOCs ), installment loans, unsecured and secured personal lines of credit, overdraft protection and letters of credit. Lending activities originate from the relationships and efforts of our bankers, with an emphasis on providing banking solutions tailored to meet our customers needs while maintaining our underwriting standards. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had total loans of 3.27 billion (net of allowances), representing 65.6 of our total assets. For additional information concerning our loan portfolio, see Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Financial Condition Loan Portfolio. 
 Concentrations of Credit Risk . Most of our lending activity is conducted with businesses and individuals in metropolitan Kansas City, Tulsa and Wichita. Our loan portfolio consists primarily of commercial real estate loans, which were 1.72 billion and constituted 52.0 of our total loans as of December 31, 2022, commercial and industrial loans, which were 594.9 million and constituted 18 of our total loans as of December 31, 2022, and residential real estate loans, which were 570.6 million and constituted 17.2 of our total loans as of December 31, 2022. Our commercial real estate loans are generally secured by first liens on real property. The remaining commercial and industrial loans are typically secured by general business assets, accounts receivable, inventory and/or the corporate guaranty of the borrower and/or personal guaranty of its principals. The geographic concentration subjects the loan portfolio to the general economic conditions within Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma. The risks created by such concentrations have been considered by management in the determination of the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses. Management believes the allowance for credit losses is adequate to cover incurred losses in our loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022. 
 Sound risk management practices and appropriate levels of capital are essential elements of a sound commercial real estate lending program. Concentrations of commercial real estate exposures add a dimension of risk that compounds the risk inherent in individual loans. Interagency guidance on commercial real estate concentrations describe sound risk management practices which include board and management oversight, portfolio management, management information systems, market analysis, portfolio stress testing and sensitivity analysis, credit underwriting standards and credit risk review functions. Management believes these practices allow us to 
 appropriately monitor concentrations in commercial real estate in our loan portfolio. 
 Large Credit Relationships . As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate amount of loans to our ten largest borrowers (including related entities) amounted to approximately 367.2 million, or 11.1 of total loans. See Item 1A Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Our largest loan relationships currently make up a material percentage of our total loan portfolio. 
 Loan Underwriting and Approval . Historically, we believe we have made sound, high quality loans while recognizing that lending money involves a degree of business risk. We have loan policies designed to assist us in managing this business risk. These policies provide a general framework for our loan origination, monitoring and funding activities, while recognizing that not all risks can be anticipated. Our board of directors delegates loan authority up to board-approved hold limits collectively to our Directors credit 
 8 

committee, which is comprised of members of our board of directors. Our board of directors also delegates limited lending authority to our internal loan committee, which is comprised of members of our executive management team. In addition, our board of directors also delegates more limited lending authority to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer, Chief Credit Officer, credit risk personnel and, on a further limited basis, to selected lending managers in each of our target markets. Lending officers and relationship managers, including our bankers, have further limited individual loan authority. When the total relationship exceeds an individual s loan authority, a higher authority or credit committee approval is required. The objective of our approval process is to provide a disciplined, collaborative approach to larger credits while maintaining responsiveness to client needs. 
 Loan decisions are documented as to the borrower s business, purpose of the loan, evaluation of the repayment source and associated risks, evaluation of collateral, covenants and monitoring requirements and the risk rating rationale. Our strategy for approving or disapproving loans is to follow conservative loan policies and consistent underwriting practices which include: 
 maintaining close relationships among our customers and their designated banker to ensure ongoing credit monitoring and loan servicing; 

granting credit on a sound basis with full knowledge of the purpose and source of repayment for such credit; 

ensuring that primary and secondary sources of repayment are adequate in relation to the amount of the loan; 

developing and maintaining targeted levels of diversification for our loan portfolio as a whole and for loans within each category; and 

ensuring that each loan is properly documented and that any insurance coverage requirements are satisfied. 

Managing credit risk is a Company-wide process. Our strategy for credit risk management includes well-defined, centralized credit policies, uniform underwriting criteria and ongoing risk monitoring and review processes for all credit exposures. Our processes emphasize early-stage review of loans, regular credit evaluations and management reviews of loans, which supplement the ongoing and proactive credit monitoring and loan servicing provided by our bankers. Our Chief Credit Officer provides Company-wide credit oversight and periodically reviews all credit risk portfolios to ensure that the risk identification processes are functioning properly and that our credit standards are followed. In addition, a third-party loan review is performed to assist in the identification of problem assets and to confirm our internal risk rating of loans. We attempt to identify potential problem loans early in an effort to seek aggressive resolution of these situations before the loans become a loss, record any necessary charge-offs promptly and maintain adequate allowance levels for probable credit losses incurred in the loan portfolio. 
 Our loan policies generally include other underwriting guidelines for loans collateralized by real estate. These underwriting standards are designed to determine the maximum loan amount that a borrower has the capacity to repay based upon the type of collateral securing the loan and the borrower s income. Such loan policies include maximum amortization schedules and loan terms for each category of loans collateralized by liens on real estate. 
 In addition, our loan policies provide guidelines for personal guarantees; an environmental review; loans to employees, executive officers and directors; problem loan identification; maintenance of an adequate allowance for credit losses and other matters relating to lending practices. 
 Lending Limits . Our lending activities are subject to a variety of lending limits imposed by federal and state law. In general, the Bank is subject to a legal lending limit on loans to a single borrower based on the Bank s capital level. The dollar amounts of the Bank s lending limit increases or decreases as the Bank s capital increases or decreases. The Bank is able to sell participations in its larger loans to other financial institutions, which allows it to manage the risk involved in these loans and to meet the lending needs of its customers requiring extensions of credit in excess of these limits. 
 The Bank s legal lending limit as of December 31, 2022, on loans to a single borrower was 147.0 million. However, we typically maintain an in-house limit of 25.0 million for loans to a single borrower. We have strict policies and procedures in place for the establishment of hold limits with respect to specific products and businesses and evaluating exceptions to the hold limits for individual relationships. 
 Our loan policies provide general guidelines for loan-to-value ratios that restrict the size of loans to a maximum percentage of the value of the collateral securing the loans, which percentage varies by the type of collateral. Our internal loan-to-value limitations follow limits established by applicable law. 
 Loan Types . We provide a variety of loans to meet our customers needs. The section below discusses our general loan categories. 
 9 

Commercial and Industrial Loans . We make commercial and industrial loans, including commercial lines of credit, working capital loans, term loans, equipment financing, aircraft financing, acquisition, expansion and development loans, borrowing base loans, government guaranteed loans, letters of credit and other loan products, primarily in our target markets that are underwritten on the basis of the borrower s ability to service the debt from income. We take as collateral a lien on general business assets including, among other things, available real estate, accounts receivable, inventory and equipment and generally obtain a personal guaranty of the borrower or principal. Our commercial and industrial loans generally have variable interest rates and terms that typically range from one to five years depending on factors such as the type and size of the loan, the financial strength of the borrower/guarantor and the age, type and value of the collateral. Fixed rate commercial and industrial loan maturities are generally short-term, with three to five-year maturities, or include periodic interest rate resets. Terms greater than five years may be appropriate in some circumstances based upon the useful life of the underlying asset being financed or if some form of credit enhancement, such as a government guarantee is obtained. 
 We also participate in syndicated loans (loans made by a group of lenders, including us, who share or participate in a specific loan) with a larger regional financial institution as the lead lender. Syndicated loans are typically made to large businesses (which are referred to as shared national credits) or middle market companies (which do not meet the regulatory definition of shared national credits), both of which are secured by business assets or equipment, and also commercial real estate. The syndicate group for both types of loans usually consists of two to three other financial institutions. In particular, we frequently work with a large regional financial institution, which is often the lead lender with respect to these loans. We have developed this portfolio to diversify our balance sheet, increase our yield and mitigate interest rate risk due to the variable rate pricing structure of the loans. We have a defined set of credit guidelines that we use when evaluating these credits. Although other large financial institutions are the lead lenders on these loans, our credit department does its own independent review of these loans and the approval process of these loans is consistent with our underwriting of loans and our lending policies. We expect to continue our syndicated lending program for the foreseeable future. 
 In general, commercial and industrial loans may involve increased credit risk and, therefore, typically yield a higher return. The increased risk in commercial and industrial loans derives from the expectation that such loans generally are serviced principally from the operations of the business and those operations may not be successful. Any interruption or discontinuance of operating cash flows from the business, which may be influenced by events not under the control of the borrower such as economic events and changes in governmental regulations, could materially affect the ability of the borrower to repay the loan. In addition, the collateral securing commercial and industrial loans generally includes movable property such as equipment and inventory, which may decline in value more rapidly than we anticipate exposing us to increased credit risk. As a result of these additional complexities, variables and risks, commercial and industrial loans require extensive underwriting and servicing. 
 Commercial Real Estate Loans . We make commercial mortgage loans collateralized by real estate, which may be owner occupied or non-owner-occupied real estate. Commercial real estate lending typically involves higher loan principal amounts and the repayment is dependent, in large part, on sufficient income from the properties securing the loans to cover operating expenses and debt service. We require our commercial real estate loans to be secured by well-managed property with adequate margins and generally obtain a guarantee from responsible parties. Our commercial mortgage loans generally are collateralized by first liens on real estate, have variable or fixed interest rates and amortize over a 10 to 20-year period with balloon payments or rate adjustments due at the end of three to seven years. Periodically, we will utilize an interest rate swap to hedge against long term fixed rate exposures. Commercial mortgage loans considered for interest rate swap hedging typically have terms of greater than five years. 
 Payments on loans secured by such properties are often dependent on the successful operation (in the case of owner-occupied real estate) or management (in the case of non-owner-occupied real estate) of the properties. Accordingly, repayment of these loans may be subject to adverse conditions in the real estate market or the economy to a greater extent than other types of loans. In underwriting commercial real estate loans, we seek to minimize these risks in a variety of ways, including giving careful consideration to the property s age, condition, operating history, future operating projections, current and projected market rental rates, vacancy rates, location and physical condition. The underwriting analysis also may include credit verification, reviews of appraisals, environmental hazards or reports, the borrower s liquidity and leverage, management experience of the owners or principals, economic condition and industry trends. 
 We also make loans to finance the construction of residential and non-residential properties. Construction loans generally are collateralized by first liens on real estate and have floating interest rates. We conduct periodic inspections, either directly or through an agent, prior to approval of periodic draws on these loans. Underwriting guidelines similar to those described above are also used in our construction lending activities. Our construction loans have terms that typically range from six months to two years depending on factors such as the type and size of the development and the financial strength of the borrower/guarantor. Loans are typically structured with an interest only construction period. Loans are underwritten to either mature at the completion of construction, or transition to a traditional amortizing commercial real estate facility at the completion of construction, in line with other commercial real estate loans held at the bank. 
 10 

Construction loans generally involve additional risks attributable to the fact that loan funds are advanced upon the security of a project under construction, and the project is of uncertain value prior to its completion. Because of uncertainties inherent in estimating construction costs, the market value of the completed project and the effects of governmental regulation on real property, it can be difficult to accurately evaluate the total funds required to complete a project and the related loan-to-value ratio. As a result of these uncertainties, construction lending often involves the disbursement of substantial funds with repayment dependent, in part, on the success of the ultimate project rather than the ability of a borrower or guarantor to repay the loan. If we are forced to foreclose on a project prior to completion, there is no assurance that we will be able to recover the entire unpaid portion of the loan. In addition, we may be required to fund additional amounts to complete a project and it may be necessary to hold the property for an indeterminate period of time subject to the regulatory limitations imposed by local, state or federal laws. 
 1 4 Family Residential Mortgages . We make residential real estate loans collateralized by owner-occupied properties located in our market areas. We offer a variety of mortgage loan products with amortization periods up to 30 years including traditional 30-year fixed loans and various adjustable rate mortgages. Typically, loans with a fixed interest rate of greater than 10 years are held for sale and sold on the secondary market and adjustable rate mortgages are held for investment. Loans collateralized by one-to-four family residential real estate generally are originated in amounts of no more than 80 of appraised value. Home equity loans and HELOCs are generally limited to a combined loan-to-value ratio of 80 , including the subordinate lien. We retain a valid lien on real estate, obtain a title insurance policy that ensures that the property is free from encumbrances and require hazard insurance. 
 From time to time we have purchased pools of residential mortgages originated by other financial institutions to hold for investment with the intent to diversify our residential mortgage loan portfolio and increase our yield. These loans purchased typically have an adjustable rate with a fixed period of no more than 10 years and are collateralized by one-to-four family residential real estate. We have a defined set of credit guidelines that we use when evaluating these credits. Although these loans were originated and underwritten by another institution, our mortgage and credit departments do their own independent review of these loans. These loans typically are secured by collateral outside of our branch footprint. 
 Agricultural Loans . We offer both fixed-rate and adjustable-rate agricultural real estate loans to our customers. We also make loans to finance the purchase of machinery, equipment and breeding stock, seasonal crop operating loans used to fund the borrower s crop production operating expenses, livestock operating, and revolving loans used to purchase livestock for resale and related livestock production expense. 
 Generally, our agricultural real estate loans amortize over periods not in excess of 20 years and have a loan-to-value ratio of 80 . We also originate agricultural real estate loans directly and through programs sponsored by the Farm Service Agency FSA ), an agency of the United States Department of Agriculture, which provides a partial guarantee on loans underwritten to FSA standards. Agricultural real estate loans generally carry higher interest rates and have shorter terms than 1-4 family residential real estate loans. Agricultural real estate loans, however, entail additional credit risks compared to one- to four-family residential real estate loans, as they typically involve larger loan balances concentrated with single borrowers or groups of related borrowers. We generally require farmers to obtain multi-peril crop insurance coverage through a program partially subsidized by the Federal government to help mitigate the risk of crop failures. 
 Agricultural operating loans may be originated at an adjustable or fixed rate of interest and generally for a term of up to 7 years. In the case of agricultural operating loans secured by breeding livestock and/or farm equipment, such loans are originated at fixed rates of interest for a term of up to 5 years. We typically originate agricultural operating loans based on the borrower s ability to make repayment from the cash flow of the borrower s agricultural business. As a result, the availability of funds for the repayment of agricultural operating loans may be substantially dependent on the success of the business itself and the general economic environment. A significant number of agricultural borrowers with these types of loans may qualify for relief under a chapter of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code that is designed specifically for the reorganization of financial obligations of family farmers and which provides certain preferential procedures to agricultural borrowers compared to traditional bankruptcy proceedings pursuant to other chapters of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. 
 Consumer Loans . We make a variety of loans to individuals for personal and household purposes, including secured and unsecured term loans and home improvement loans. Consumer loans are underwritten based on the individual borrower s income, current debt level, past credit history and the value of any available collateral. The terms of consumer loans vary considerably based upon the loan type, nature of collateral and size of the loan. Consumer loans entail greater risk than do residential real estate loans because they may be unsecured or, if secured, the value of the collateral, such as an automobile or boat, may be more difficult to assess and more likely to decrease in value than real estate. In such cases, any repossessed collateral for a defaulted consumer loan may not provide an adequate source of repayment for the outstanding loan balance. The remaining deficiency often will not warrant further substantial collection efforts against the borrower beyond obtaining a deficiency judgment. In addition, consumer loan collections are dependent on the borrower s continuing financial stability, and thus are more likely to be adversely affected by job loss, divorce, illness or personal bankruptcy. Furthermore, the application of various federal and state laws may limit the amount which can be recovered on such loans. 
 11 

Deposit Products 
 Our lending and investing activities are primarily funded by deposits. We offer a variety of deposit accounts with a wide range of interest rates and terms including demand, savings, money market and time deposits with the goal of attracting a wide variety of customers, including small to medium-sized businesses. We employ customer acquisition strategies to generate new account and deposit growth, such as customer referral incentives, search engine optimization, targeted direct mail and email campaigns, in addition to conventional marketing initiatives and advertising. Our goal is to emphasize our core deposits and cross-sell our deposit products to our loan customers. 
 We design our consumer deposit products specifically for the lifestyles of clients in the communities we serve. Some accounts emphasize and reward debit card usage, while others appeal to higher deposit customers. We also utilize Equity Connect, which is our customer relationship management system, to assist our personnel in deepening and expanding current relationships by providing timely identification of potential needs. It also serves as a methodical tool to track customer onboarding and retention actions by account officers. We do participate in the Certificate of Deposit Registry Services CDARS as well as the Insured Cash Sweep ICS both provided via Promontory Interfinancial Network as options for our customers to place funds and occasionally as a funding source. 
 We also bid for, and accept deposits from public entities in our markets. 
 Other Products and Services 
 We offer banking products and services that are competitively priced with a focus on convenience and accessibility. We offer a full suite of online banking solutions including access to account balances, online transfers, online bill payment and electronic delivery of customer statements, mobile banking solutions for iPhone and Android phones, including remote check deposit with mobile bill pay. We offer extended drive-through hours, ATMs and banking by telephone, mail and personal appointment. We offer debit cards with no ATM surcharges or foreign ATM fees for checking customers, plus night depository, direct deposit, cashier s and travelers checks and letters of credit, as well as treasury management services, wire transfer services and automated clearing house ACH services. 
 We offer a full array of commercial treasury management services designed to be competitive with banks of all sizes. Treasury management services include balance reporting (including current day and previous day activity), transfers between accounts, wire transfer initiation, ACH origination and stop payments. Cash management deposit products consist of lockbox, remote deposit capture, positive pay, reverse positive pay, account reconciliation services, zero balance accounts and sweep accounts, including loan sweep. 
 In addition, we offer a full comprehensive suite of products and offerings for trust and wealth management customers. Trust and wealth management services include private banking, investment management, trust services and estate and financial planning. 
 Our Markets 
 As of December 31, 2022, we conducted banking operations through our 65 bank locations in Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma. We believe that an important factor contributing to our historical performance and our ability to execute our strategy is the attractiveness and specific characteristics of our existing and target markets. In particular, we believe our markets provide us with access to low cost, stable core deposits in smaller community markets that we can use to fund commercial loan growth in metropolitan areas. 
 We believe our existing and target markets are among some of the most attractive in the Midwestern United States. Our markets are home to thousands of manufacturing and trade jobs, and have experienced recent growth in the healthcare, consumer services and technology sectors. We believe the central geographic footprint of our markets provides numerous industrial plants, facilities and manufacturing businesses with a central shipping location from which they can distribute their products. Our markets also serve as the corporate headquarters for Koch Industries Inc., Hallmark Cards, Inc., H R Block, Inc., American Century Investments, Garmin International, Inc., Cessna Aircraft Company, Seaboard Corporation, Cargill Meat Solutions, Spirit AeroSystems, Dairy Farmers of America, Quik Trip, ONEOK, Salina Vortex and Williams Companies and host a major presence for companies across a variety of industries, including Bombardier Learjet, Collective Brands, Inc., FedEx, Flexsteel, Hills Pet Nutrition, Inc., Textron Aviation Services, Tyson Foods, Schwan s Company, Phillips 66, Rib Crib, Honeywell, T-Mobile, Oracle, and Bayer Corporation. We understand the community banking needs of the businesses and individuals within our markets and have focused on developing a commercial and personal banking platform to service such needs. 
 12 

The markets in which we operate have generally experienced stable population growth over the past five years, with modest population growth expected over the next five years. Wichita is the largest metropolitan statistical authority MSA located fully in Kansas and the No. 93 MSA in the U.S. with a population of 647,000. Kansas City, Missouri and Kansas is the No. 31 largest MSA in the U.S. with a population of 2.2 million, and Tulsa, Oklahoma, is No. 54 with a MSA population of over 1 million. 
 In addition, we believe our markets are stable and have weathered various economic cycles relatively well. Household income in our states is expected to increase from 2023 through 2028 by 9.22 , while population growth grew by 4.33 from 2010 through 2023 and is expected to grow by 1.5 from 2022 through 2028. In Kansas City, households are expected to grow from 2023 to 2028 by 2.56 , Tulsa by 3.25 and Wichita by 1.12 , according to Claritas data provided by S P Global. 
 We compete for loans, deposits and financial services in our markets against many other bank and nonbank institutions, including community banks, regional banks, national banks, Internet-based banks, money market and mutual funds, brokerage houses, credit unions, mortgage companies and insurance companies. We believe that our comprehensive suite of sophisticated banking products provides us with a competitive advantage over smaller community banks within our markets while our high-quality, relationship-based customer service will allow us to take market share from larger regional and national banks. In addition, our markets present significant acquisition, integration and consolidation opportunities, and we expect to continue to pursue strategic acquisitions in our markets. We believe that many small to mid-sized banking organizations that currently serve our markets are acquisition opportunities for us, either because of scale and operational challenges, regulatory pressures, management succession issues or stockholder liquidity needs. We think we offer an attractive solution for such banks because we retain the community banking feel and services upon which their customers expect and rely. 
 Information Technology Systems 
 We continue to make significant investments in our information technology systems and staff for our banking and lending operations and treasury management activities. We believe this investment will support our continued growth, permit us to enhance our capabilities to offer new products and overall customer experience and enable us to provide scale for future growth and acquisitions. We use nationally recognized software vendors and their support allows us to operate our data processing and core systems in-house. Our internal network is maintained in-house. We house our back-up site is at a decentralized location. This back-up site is intended to provide for redundancy and disaster recovery capabilities in the event of a significant equipment failure or disaster. 
 The majority of our other systems, including our e-mail, electronic funds transfer, transaction processing and online banking services are hosted by third-party service providers. The scalability of this infrastructure will support our growth strategy. In addition, the tested capability of these vendors to automatically switch over to standby systems should allow us to recover our systems and provide business continuity quickly in case of a disaster. 
 Due to our heavy reliance on the strength and capability of our technology systems, which we use both to interface with our customers and to manage our internal financial reporting and other systems, we utilize a layered cyber-security model designed to protect all systems and sensitive data. This layered model is composed of a variety of different components from a range of security vendors. The various components are centrally managed and monitored creating a multi-layered, interlocking, cyber-security defense system. We believe this defense system is dynamic and designed to adjust to protect against the latest cyber threats and attack vectors; however, as cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities or incidents. We use information technology in our operations and offer online banking services to our customers, and unauthorized access to our customers confidential or proprietary information as a result of a cyber-attack or otherwise could expose us to reputational harm and litigation and adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers. 
 For a discussion of certain cyber-security risk, please see Item 1A Risk Factors . 
 Competition 
 The financial services industry is highly competitive. We compete for loans, deposits, and financial services in all of our principal markets. We compete directly with other bank and nonbank institutions located within our markets, Internet-based banks, out-of-market banks, and bank holding companies that advertise in or otherwise serve our markets, along with money market and mutual funds, brokerage houses, mortgage companies, and insurance companies or other commercial entities that offer financial services products. Competition involves efforts to retain current customers, obtain new loans and deposits, increase the scope and type of services offered and offer competitive interest rates paid on deposits and charged on loans. Many of our competitors enjoy competitive advantages, including greater financial resources, a wider geographic presence, more accessible branch office locations, the ability to offer additional services, more favorable pricing alternatives and lower origination and operating costs. Some of our competitors have been in business for a long time and have an established customer base and name recognition. We believe that our 
 13 

competitive pricing, personalized service and community involvement enable us to effectively compete in the communities in which we operate. 
 Human Capital 
 The Company s success depends on its ability to attract and retain highly qualified senior and middle management and other skilled employees. Competition for qualified employees can be intense and it may be difficult to locate personnel with the necessary combination of skills, attributes and business relationships. 
 The Company believes that its employees are the primary key to the Company s success as a financial institution. The Company is committed to attracting, retaining and promoting top quality talent regardless of sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, race, color, national origin, age, religion and physical ability. The Company strives to identify and select the best candidates for all open positions based on qualifying factors for each job. The Company is dedicated to providing a workplace for its employees that is inclusive, supportive and free of any form of discrimination or harassment; rewarding and recognizing its employees based on their individual results and performance; and recognizing and respecting all of the characteristics and differences that make each of the Company s employees unique. 
 Additionally, the Company is committed to employee development through a combination of in-house and external training programs. Further, the Company has two staff development programs with formal in-house training programs for junior bankers including guidance from senior banking team members. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company employed 732 full-time equivalent employees. None of our employees are represented by any collective bargaining unit or is a party to a collective bargaining agreement. 
 Available Information 
 The Company files reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The Company makes available, free of charge, on its website at http://investor.equitybank.com its annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company electronically files, or furnishes, such materials to the SEC. The SEC also maintains a website at http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The information contained on or accessible from our website does not constitute a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is not incorporated by reference herein. 
 Supervision and Regulation 
 Banking is a complex, highly regulated industry. Consequently, our growth and earnings performance can be affected, not only by management decisions and general and local economic conditions, but also by the statutes administered by and the regulations and policies of, various governmental regulatory authorities. These authorities include, but are not limited to, the Federal Reserve, the FDIC, the Kansas Office of State Bank Commissioner OSBC ), the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB ), the Internal Revenue Service IRS and state taxing authorities. The effect of these statutes, regulations and policies and any changes to any of them can be significant and cannot be predicted. 
 The primary goals of the bank regulatory scheme are to maintain a safe and sound banking system and to facilitate the conduct of sound monetary policy. In furtherance of those goals, the U.S. Congress and the individual states have created several regulatory agencies and enacted numerous laws, such as the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act ), that govern banks and the banking industry. The system of supervision and regulation applicable to us establishes a comprehensive framework for our operations and is intended primarily for the protection of the FDIC s deposit insurance funds, our depositors and the public, rather than the stockholders and creditors. 
 New regulations and statutes are regularly proposed that contain wide-ranging proposals for altering the structures, regulations and competitive relationships of financial institutions operating in the United States. We cannot predict whether or in what form any proposed regulation or statute will be adopted or the extent to which our businesses may be affected by any new regulation or statute. 
 The following is an attempt to summarize some of the relevant laws, rules and regulations governing banks and bank holding companies, but does not purport to be a complete summary of all applicable laws, rules and regulations governing banks. The descriptions are qualified in their entirety by reference to the specific statutes and regulations discussed. 
 The laws, rules and regulations add significantly to the cost of operating the Company and Equity Bank and thus have a negative impact on profitability. In recent years, financial service providers that are not subject to the same regulations as the Company and 
 14 

Equity Bank have expanded significantly. Less regulation may give these institutions a competitive advantage over the Company and Equity Bank. Such institutions may continue to draw large amounts of funds away from banking institutions, with a continuing adverse effect on the banking industry in general. 
 Bank Holding Company Regulation 
 We are a bank holding company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956 BHC Act ), as amended, and are subject to supervision and regulation by the Federal Reserve. Federal laws subject bank holding companies to particular restrictions on the types of activities in which they may engage and to a range of supervisory requirements and activities, including regulatory enforcement actions, for violation of laws and policies. 
 Activities Closely Related to Banking 
 The BHC Act prohibits a bank holding company, with certain limited exceptions, from acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of more than five percent of the voting shares of any company that is not a bank or from engaging in any activities other than those of banking, managing or controlling banks and certain other subsidiaries or furnishing services to or performing services for its subsidiaries. Bank holding companies also may engage in or acquire interests in companies that engage in a limited set of activities that are so closely related to banking as to be a proper incident thereto. If a bank holding company has become a financial holding company FHC ), it may engage in a broader set of activities, including insurance underwriting and broker-dealer services as well as activities that are jointly determined by the Federal Reserve and the U.S. Treasury to be financial in nature or incidental to such financial activity. FHCs may also engage in activities that are determined by the Federal Reserve to be complementary to financial activities. To maintain FHC status, the bank holding company and all subsidiary depository institutions must be well managed and well capitalized. Additionally, all subsidiary depository institutions must have received at least a Satisfactory rating on its most recent Community Reinvestment Act CRA examination. Failure to meet these requirements may result in limitations on activities and acquisitions. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we elected to become a FHC. 
 Safe and Sound Banking Practices 
 Bank holding companies are not permitted to engage in unsafe and unsound banking practices. The Federal Reserve may order a bank holding company to terminate an activity or control of a non-bank subsidiary if such activity or control constitutes a significant risk to the financial safety, soundness or stability of a subsidiary bank and is inconsistent with sound banking principles. Regulation Y also requires a holding company to give the Federal Reserve prior notice of any redemption or repurchase of its own equity securities if the consideration to be paid, together with the consideration paid for any repurchases or redemptions in the preceding year, is equal to 10 or more of the company s consolidated net worth. 
 Consistent with the Dodd-Frank Act codification of the Federal Reserve s policy that bank holding companies must serve as a source of financial strength for their subsidiary banks, the Federal Reserve has stated that, as a matter of prudence, a bank holding company generally should not maintain a rate of distributions to stockholders unless its available net income has been sufficient to fully fund the distributions and the prospective rate of earnings retention appears consistent with a bank holding company s capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. 
 In addition, the Federal Reserve Supervisory Letter SR 09-4 provides guidance on the declaration and payment of dividends, capital redemptions and capital repurchases by a bank holding company. Supervisory Letter SR 09-4 provides that, as a general matter, a bank holding company should eliminate, defer or significantly reduce its dividends if: (i) the bank holding company s net income available to stockholders for the past four quarters, net of dividends previously paid during that period, is not sufficient to fully fund the dividends, (ii) the bank holding company s prospective rate of earnings retention is not consistent with the bank holding company s capital needs and overall current and prospective financial condition or (iii) the bank holding company will not meet, or is in danger of not meeting, its minimum regulatory capital adequacy ratios. Failure to do so could result in a supervisory finding that the bank holding company is operating in an unsafe and unsound manner. 
 Limitations on Equity Bank s ability to pay dividends could, in turn, affect our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders. For more information concerning Equity Bank s ability to pay dividends, see Bank Regulation below. 
 The Federal Reserve has broad authority to prohibit activities of bank holding companies and their non-banking subsidiaries which represent unsafe and unsound banking practices, or which constitute violations of laws or regulations. Notably, the Financial Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989 FIRREA ), provides that the Federal Reserve can assess civil money penalties for such practices or violations which can be as high as 1 million per day. FIRREA contains expansive provisions regarding the scope of individuals and entities against which such penalties may be assessed. 
 15 

Annual Reporting and Examinations 
 We are required to file annual and quarterly reports with the Federal Reserve and such additional information as the Federal Reserve may require pursuant to the BHC Act. The Federal Reserve may examine a bank holding company or any of its subsidiaries and charge the company for the cost of such an examination. We are also subject to reporting and disclosure requirements under state and federal securities laws. 
 Rules on Regulatory Capital 
 Regulatory capital rules pursuant to the Basel III requirements Basel III rules ), require banks and bank holding companies to maintain a minimum common equity Tier 1 CET1 risk-based capital ratio of 4.5 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6 , a total risk-based capital ratio of 8 and a leverage ratio of 4 . Under the Basel III rules, banks and bank holding companies must maintain a CET1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.5 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8 , a total risk-based capital ratio of 10 and a leverage ratio of 5 to be deemed well capitalized for purposes of certain rules and requirements. Banks and bank holding companies are also required to maintain a capital conservation buffer in excess of the minimum risk-based capital ratios. The buffer is intended to help ensure that banking organizations conserve capital when it is most needed, allowing them to better weather periods of economic stress. The minimum 2.5 buffer is composed solely of CET1 capital. If an institution s capital conservation buffer is less than or equal to 2.5 , then the institution is subject to limitations on certain activities, including payment of dividends, share repurchases and discretionary bonuses to executive officers. 
 The federal bank regulatory agencies may also set higher capital requirements for banks and bank holding companies whose circumstances warrant it. For example, holding companies experiencing internal growth or making acquisitions are expected to maintain strong capital positions substantially above the minimum supervisory levels, without significant reliance on intangible assets. At this time, the bank regulatory agencies are more inclined to impose higher capital requirements to meet well capitalized standards and future regulatory change could impose higher capital standards as a routine matter. Our regulatory capital ratios and those of Equity Bank are in excess of the levels established for well capitalized institutions under the Basel III rules. 
 The Basel III rules also set forth certain changes in the methods of calculating certain risk-weighted assets, which in turn affect the calculation of risk-based capital ratios. Under the Basel III rules, higher or more sensitive risk weights are assigned to various categories of assets, including certain credit facilities that finance the acquisition, development or construction of real property, certain exposures or credits that are 90 days past due or on non-accrual, foreign exposures and certain corporate exposures. In addition, the Basel III rules include (i) alternative standards of credit worthiness consistent with the Dodd-Frank Act, (ii) greater recognition of collateral and guarantees and (iii) revised capital treatment for derivatives and repo-style transactions. 
 In addition, the Basel III rules include certain exemptions to address concerns about the regulatory burden on community banks. For example, banking organizations with less than 15 billion in consolidated assets as of December 31, 2009, are permitted to include in Tier 1 capital trust preferred securities and cumulative perpetual preferred stock issued and included in Tier 1 capital prior to May 19, 2010, on a permanent basis without phase out. Community banks were also permitted to make a one-time election in their March 31, 2015, quarterly filings to opt-out of the requirement to include most accumulated other comprehensive income AOCI components in the calculation of CET1 capital and, in effect, retain the AOCI treatment under the prior capital rules. Under the Basel III rules, we made the one-time, permanent election to continue to exclude AOCI from capital. 
 In accordance with the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act, which was enacted on May 24, 2018, the federal banking agencies published final rules implementing the community bank leverage ratio in November 2019. Under the final rules, which went into effect on January 1, 2020, depository institutions and depository institution holding companies that have less than 10 billion in total consolidated assets and meet other qualifying criteria, including a leverage ratio of greater than 9 , off-balance-sheet exposures of 25 or less of total consolidated assets and trading assets plus trading liabilities of 5 or less of total consolidated assets, are deemed qualifying community banking organizations and are eligible to opt into the community bank leverage ratio framework. A qualifying community banking organization that elects to use the community bank leverage ratio framework and that maintains a leverage ratio of greater than 9 is considered to have satisfied the generally applicable risk-based and leverage capital requirements under the Basel III rules and, if applicable, is considered to have met the well capitalized ratio requirements for purposes of its primary federal regulator s prompt corrective action rules, discussed below. The final rules include a two-quarter grace period during which a qualifying community banking organization that temporarily fails to meet any of the qualifying criteria, including the greater-than 9 leverage ratio requirement, is generally still deemed well capitalized so long as the banking organization maintains a leverage ratio greater than 8 . A banking organization that fails to maintain a leverage ratio greater than 8 is not permitted to use the grace period and must comply with the generally applicable requirements under the Basel III Capital rules and file the appropriate regulatory reports. The Company and Equity Bank have not made an election to use the community bank leverage ratio framework but may make such an election in the future if eligible and doing so is advantageous. 
 16 

On February 14, 2019, the federal bank regulatory agencies issued a final rule that allowed banking organizations to phase in over a three-year period the day-one adverse effects of the Current Expected Credit Losses methodology (CECL). Prior to the Company s initial required adoption date of CECL, on March 31, 2020, as part of the efforts to address the economic disruption caused by the spread of COVID-19, federal bank regulatory agencies issued an interim final rule which allowed the option to delay for up to two years an estimate of CECL s effect on regulatory capital followed by a three-year transitions period. The Company implemented CECL on January 1, 2021, and has elected not to use the phase in methodology. 
 Imposition of Liability for Undercapitalized Subsidiaries 
 The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 FDICIA required each federal banking agency to revise its risk-based capital standards to ensure that those standards take adequate account of interest rate risk, concentration of credit risk and the risks of nontraditional activities, as well as reflect the actual performance and expected risk of loss on multifamily mortgages. 
 Pursuant to FDICIA, each federal banking agency has specified, by regulation, the levels at which an insured institution would be considered well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized. As of December 31, 2022, Equity Bank exceeded the capital levels required to be deemed well capitalized. 
 Additionally, FDICIA requires bank regulators to take prompt corrective action to resolve problems associated with insured depository institutions. Under these prompt corrective action provisions of FDICIA, if a controlled bank is undercapitalized, then the regulators could require the bank to submit a capital restoration plan. If an institution becomes significantly undercapitalized or critically undercapitalized, additional and significant limitations are placed on the institution. The capital restoration plan of an undercapitalized institution will not be accepted by the regulators unless each company having control of the undercapitalized institution guarantees the subsidiary s compliance with the capital restoration plan, until it becomes adequately capitalized. We have control of Equity Bank for the purpose of this statute. 
 Further, by statute and regulation, a bank holding company must serve as a source of financial and managerial strength to each bank that it controls and, under appropriate circumstances, may be required to commit resources to support each such controlled bank. This support may be required at times when the bank holding company may not have the resources to provide the support. In addition, if the Federal Reserve believes that a bank holding company s activities, assets or affiliates represent a significant risk to the financial safety, soundness or stability of a controlled bank, then the Federal Reserve could require the bank holding company to terminate the activities, liquidate the assets or divest the affiliates. The regulators may require these and other actions in support of controlled banks even if such actions are not in the best interests of the bank holding company or its stockholders. 
 Acquisitions by Bank Holding Companies 
 The BHC Act requires every bank holding company to obtain the prior approval of the Federal Reserve before it may acquire all or substantially all of the assets of any bank or ownership or control of any voting shares of any bank if after such acquisition it would own or control, directly or indirectly, more than 5 of the voting shares of such bank. In approving bank acquisitions by bank holding companies, the Federal Reserve is required to consider the financial and managerial resources and future prospects of the bank holding company and banks concerned, the convenience and needs of the communities to be served, the effect on competition as well as the financial stability of the United States. The Attorney General of the United States may, within 30 days after approval of an acquisition by the Federal Reserve, bring an action challenging such acquisition under the federal antitrust laws, in which case the effectiveness of such approval is stayed pending a final ruling by the courts. Under certain circumstances, the 30-day period may be shortened to 15 days. 
 Control Acquisitions 
 The Change in Bank Control Act CBCA prohibits a person or group of persons from acquiring control of a bank holding company unless the Federal Reserve has been notified and has not objected to the transaction. Under a rebuttable presumption established by the Federal Reserve, the acquisition of 10 or more of a class of voting stock of a bank holding company with a class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act, such as ourselves, would, under the circumstances set forth in the presumption, constitute acquisition of control of us. 
 17 

In addition, the BHC Act prohibits any entity from acquiring 25 or more (the BHC Act has a lower limit for acquirers that are existing bank holding companies) of a bank holding company s or bank s voting securities, or otherwise obtaining control or the power to exercise a controlling influence over a bank holding company or bank, without the prior approval of the Federal Reserve. On January 30, 2020, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System adopted a final rule revising the Federal Reserve s regulations related to determinations of whether a company has the ability to exercise a controlling influence over another company, including a bank holding company or a bank, for purposes of the BHC Act. The final rule establishes a comprehensive framework that employs several factors to determine if a company has control over another company, including the first company s total voting and non-voting equity investment in the second company; director, officer and employee overlaps between the first company and the second company; and the scope of business relationships between the first company and the second company. The final rule went into effect on April 1, 2020. 
 Interstate Branching 
 The Dodd-Frank Act permits a national or state bank, with the approval of its regulator, to open a branch in any state if the law of the state in which the branch is located would permit the establishment of the branch if the bank were a bank chartered in that state. 
 Anti-Tying Restrictions 
 Bank holding companies and their affiliates are prohibited from tying the provision of certain services, such as extensions of credit, to other services offered by a holding company or its affiliates. 
 Bank Regulation 
 Equity Bank operates under a Kansas state bank charter and is subject to regulation by the OSBC and the Federal Reserve. The OSBC and the Federal Reserve regulate or monitor all areas of Equity Bank s operations, including capital requirements, issuance of stock, declaration of dividends, interest rates, deposits, loans, investments, borrowings, record keeping, establishment of branches, acquisitions, mergers, information technology and employee responsibility and conduct. The OSBC places limitations on activities of Equity Bank, including the issuance of capital notes or debentures and the holding of real estate and personal property and requires Equity Bank to maintain a certain ratio of reserves against deposits. The OSBC requires Equity Bank to file a report annually, in addition to any periodic report requested. 
 The Federal Reserve and the OSBC regularly examine Equity Bank and its records. The FDIC may also periodically examine and evaluate insured banks. 
 Standards for Safety and Soundness 
 As part of FDICIA s efforts to promote the safety and soundness of depository institutions and their holding companies, appropriate federal banking regulators are required to have in place regulations specifying operational and management standards (addressing internal controls, loan documentation, credit underwriting and interest rate risk), asset quality and earnings. As discussed above, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC have extensive authority to police unsafe or unsound practices and violations of applicable laws and regulations by depository institutions and their holding companies. For example, the FDIC may terminate the deposit insurance of any institution that it determines has engaged in an unsafe or unsound practice. The agencies can also assess civil money penalties of up to 1 million per day, issue cease-and-desist or removal orders, seek injunctions and publicly disclose such actions. 
 The ability of Equity Bank, as a Kansas state bank, to pay dividends is restricted under the Kansas Banking Code. Pursuant to the Kansas Banking Code, a Kansas state bank may declare and pay a dividend out of undivided profits after deducting losses to the holders of record of the stock outstanding on the date the dividend is declared. However, prior to the declaration of any dividend, a Kansas state bank must transfer 25 of its net profits since the last preceding dividend to its surplus fund until the surplus fund is equal to its total capital stock. In addition, no dividend may be declared without the approval of the OSBC, if such dividend would reduce the surplus fund to an amount less than 30 of the resulting total capital of the bank. 
 Equity Bank is also subject to certain restrictions on the payment of dividends as a result of the requirement that it maintain an adequate level of capital in accordance with guidelines promulgated from time to time by the federal regulators. 
 The present and future dividend policy of Equity Bank is subject to the discretion of its boards of directors. In determining whether to pay dividends to us and, if paid, the amount of the dividends, the board of directors of Equity Bank considers many of the same factors discussed above. Equity Bank cannot guarantee that it will have the financial ability to pay dividends to us, or if dividends are paid, that they will be sufficient for us to make distributions to our stockholders. Equity Bank is not obligated to pay dividends. 
 18 

Insider Transactions 
 A bank is subject to certain restrictions on extensions of credit to insiders of the bank or of any affiliate. Insiders include executive officers, directors, certain principal stockholders and their related interests. Extensions of credit include derivative transactions, repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements and securities borrowing and lending transactions to the extent that such transactions cause a bank to have credit exposure to an insider. Any extension of credit to an insider must: 
 be made on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with third parties; and 

involve no more than the normal risk of repayment or present other unfavorable features. 

For loans above certain threshold amounts, board approval is required, and the interested insider may not be involved. In addition, a bank may purchase an asset from or sell an asset to an insider only if the transaction is on market terms and if representing more than 10 of capital, is approved in advance by the majority of disinterested directors. 
 Additional and more stringent limits apply to a bank s transactions with its own executive officers and certain directors. These limits do not apply to transactions with all directors or to insiders of the bank s affiliates. 
 Restrictions on Transactions with Affiliates 
 Section 23A of the Federal Reserve Act imposes quantitative and qualitative limits on transactions between a bank and any affiliate and requires certain levels of collateral for any such loans. It also limits the amount of advances to third parties which are collateralized by the securities or obligations of a holding company. Section 23B of the Federal Reserve Act requires that certain transactions between Equity Bank and its affiliates must be on terms substantially the same, or at least as favorable, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with or involving other nonaffiliated companies. In the absence of such comparable transactions, any transaction between Equity Bank and its affiliates must be on terms and under circumstances, including credit standards, which in good faith would be offered to or would apply to nonaffiliated companies. 
 Capital Adequacy 
 In addition to the capital rules applicable to both banks and bank holding companies discussed above, under the prompt corrective action regulations, the federal bank regulators are required and authorized to take supervisory actions against undercapitalized banks. For this purpose, a bank is placed in one of the following five categories based on the bank s capital: 
 well capitalized (at least 5 leverage ratio, 6.5 CET1 risk-based capital ratio, 8 Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio and 10 total risk-based capital ratio); 

adequately capitalized (at least 4 leverage ratio, 4.5 CET1 risk-based capital ratio, 6 Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio and 8 total risk-based capital ratio); 

undercapitalized (less than 4 leverage ratio, 4.5 CET1 risk-based capital ratio, 6 Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio or 8 total risk-based capital ratio); 

significantly undercapitalized (less than 3 leverage ratio, 3 CET1 risk-based capital ratio, 4 Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio or 6 total risk-based capital ratio); and 

critically undercapitalized (less than 2 tangible capital to total assets). 

Federal banking regulators are required to take various mandatory supervisory actions and are authorized to take other discretionary actions with respect to institutions in the three undercapitalized categories. The severity of the action depends upon the capital category in which the institution is placed. The regulators have the discretion to downgrade a bank from one category to a lower category. Generally, subject to a narrow exception, banking regulators must appoint a receiver or conservator for an institution that is critically undercapitalized. An institution that is categorized as undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, or critically undercapitalized is required to submit an acceptable capital restoration plan to its appropriate federal banking agency. 
 Failure to meet capital guidelines could subject Equity Bank to a variety of enforcement remedies, including issuance of a capital directive, the termination of deposit insurance by the FDIC, a prohibition on accepting brokered deposits and other restrictions on our business. 
 As of December 31, 2022, Equity Bank exceeded the capital levels required to be deemed well capitalized. 
 19 

Deposit Insurance 
 The FDIC insures the deposits of federally insured banks up to prescribed statutory limits for each depositor, through the Deposit Insurance Fund DIF and safeguards the safety and soundness of the banking and thrift industries. The Dodd-Frank Act permanently raised the standard maximum deposit insurance amount to 250,000. The amount of FDIC assessments paid by each insured depository institution is based on its relative risk of default as measured by financial ratios and supervisory factors derived from a statistical model that estimates a bank s probability of failure within three years. 
 We are generally unable to control the amount of premiums that we are required to pay for FDIC insurance. At least semi-annually, the FDIC will update its loss and income projections for the DIF and, if needed, will increase or decrease assessment rates, following notice-and-comment rulemaking, if required. If there are additional bank or financial institution failures or if the FDIC otherwise determines to increase assessment rates, Equity Bank may be required to pay higher FDIC insurance premiums. Any future increases in FDIC insurance premiums may have a material and adverse effect on our earnings. 
 Consumer Financial Protection Bureau 
 The Dodd-Frank Act created the CFPB which is granted broad rulemaking, supervisory and enforcement powers under various federal consumer financial protection laws, including the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, Truth in Lending Act, Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, Fair Credit Reporting Act, Fair Debt Collection Act, the Consumer Financial Privacy provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and certain other statutes. The CFPB has examination and primary enforcement authority with respect to depository institutions with 10 billion or more in assets. Depository institutions with less than 10 billion in assets, such as Equity Bank, are subject to rules promulgated by the CFPB, which may increase their compliance risk and the costs associated with their compliance efforts, but such banks will continue to be examined and supervised by federal banking regulators for consumer compliance purposes. The CFPB has authority to prevent unfair, deceptive or abusive practices in connection with the offering of consumer financial products. 
 The Dodd-Frank Act authorizes the CFPB to establish certain minimum standards for the origination of residential mortgages, including a determination of the borrower s ability to repay. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act allows borrowers to raise certain defenses to foreclosure if they receive any loan other than a qualified mortgage as defined by the CFPB. 
 The CFPB has issued a number of regulations related to the origination of mortgages, foreclosure and overdrafts as well as many other consumer issues. Additionally, the CFPB has proposed, or will be proposing, additional regulations on issues that directly relate to our business. Although it is difficult to predict at this time the extent to which the CFPB s final rules impact the operations and financial condition of Equity Bank, such rules may have a material impact on Equity Bank s compliance costs, compliance risk and fee income. 
 Privacy 
 Under the Right to Financial Privacy Act, which imposes a duty to maintain confidentiality of consumer financial records and prescribes procedures for complying with administrative subpoenas of financial records, financial institutions are required to disclose their policies for collecting and protecting confidential information. Customers generally may prevent financial institutions from sharing personal financial information with nonaffiliated third parties except for third parties that market the institutions own products and services. Additionally, financial institutions generally may not disclose consumer account numbers to any nonaffiliated third party for use in telemarketing, direct mail marketing or other marketing through electronic mail to consumers. 
 Recent cyber-attacks against bank and other institutions that resulted in unauthorized access to confidential customer information have prompted the federal banking agencies to issue extensive guidance on cyber-security. The regulatory agencies may devote more resources to this part of their safety and soundness examination than they may have in the past. 
 Like other lending institutions, our subsidiary bank uses credit bureau data in its underwriting activities. Use of that data is regulated under the Federal Credit Reporting Act on a uniform, nationwide basis. The act and its implementing regulation, Regulation V, cover credit reporting, prescreening, sharing of information between affiliates and the use of credit data. The Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act of 2003 allows states to enact identity theft laws that are not inconsistent with the conduct required by the provisions of the act. 
 20 

The Patriot Act, International Money Laundering Abatement and Financial Anti-Terrorism Act and Bank Secrecy Act 
 A major focus of governmental policy on financial institutions has been aimed at combating money laundering and terrorist financing. The Patriot Act and the International Money Laundering and Financial Anti-Terrorism Act of 2001 substantially broadened the scope of U.S. anti-money laundering laws and penalties, specifically related to the Bank Secrecy Act and expanded the extra-territorial jurisdiction of the United States. The U.S. Treasury has issued a number of implementing regulations that apply various requirements of the Patriot Act to financial institutions, such as Equity Bank. These regulations impose obligations on financial institutions to maintain appropriate policies, procedures and controls to detect, prevent and report money laundering and terrorist financing and to verify the identity of their customers. 
 Failure of a financial institution and its holding company to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing, or to comply with relevant laws and regulations, could have serious legal, reputational and financial consequences for the institution. Because of the significance of regulatory emphasis on these requirements, Equity Bank will continue to expend significant staffing, technology and financial resources to maintain programs designed to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations and an effective audit function for testing of Equity Bank s compliance with the Bank Secrecy Act, on an ongoing basis. 
 Community Reinvestment Act 
 The CRA requires that, in connection with examinations of financial institutions within its jurisdiction, the federal and the state banking regulators, as applicable, evaluate the record of each financial institution in meeting the credit needs of its local community, including low and moderate-income neighborhoods. These facts are also considered in evaluating mergers, acquisitions and applications to open a branch or facility. Failure to adequately meet these criteria could impose additional requirements and limitations on us. Additionally, we must publicly disclose the terms of various CRA-related agreements. 
 Other Regulations 
 Interest and other charges that Equity Bank collects or contracts for are subject to state usury laws and federal laws concerning interest rates. Equity Bank s loan operations are also subject to federal laws applicable to credit transactions, such as: 
 the Federal Truth-In-Lending Act, governing disclosures of credit terms to consumer borrowers; 

the Fair Housing Act; 

the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, requiring financial institutions to provide information to enable the public and public officials to determine whether a financial institution is fulfilling its obligation to help meet the housing needs of the community it serves; 

the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, creed or other prohibited factors in extending credit; 

the Fair Credit Reporting Act, governing the use and provision of information to credit reporting agencies; 

the Fair Debt Collection Act, governing the manner in which consumer debts may be collected by collection agencies; and 

the rules and regulations of the various governmental agencies charged with the responsibility of implementing these federal laws. 

In addition, Equity Bank s deposit operations are subject to the Electronic Funds Transfer Act and Regulation E issued by the Federal Reserve to implement such act, which govern automatic deposits to and withdrawals from deposit accounts and customers rights and liabilities arising from the use of automated teller machines and other electronic banking services. 
 Violations of consumer protection laws and other regulations can result in significant potential liability, including actual damages, restitution and injunctive relief from litigation brought by customers, state attorney generals, the Department of Justice and other plaintiffs, as well as enforcement actions by banking regulators and reputational harm. 
 Concentrated Commercial Real Estate Lending Regulations 
 The Federal Reserve and other federal banking regulatory agencies have promulgated guidance governing financial institutions with concentrations in commercial real estate lending. The guidance provides that a bank may be exposed to heightened commercial real estate lending concentration risk and subject to further supervisory analysis if (i) total reported loans for construction, land development and other land represent 100 or more of total capital or (ii) total reported loans secured by multifamily residential 
 21 

properties, non-farm non-residential properties and loans for construction, land development and other land, together with loans to finance commercial real estate, construction and land development activities that are not secured by real estate, represent 300 or more of total capital and the bank s commercial real estate loan portfolio has increased 50 or more during the prior 36 months. If a concentration is present, management is expected to employ heightened risk management practices including board and management oversight and strategic planning, development of underwriting standards, risk assessment and monitoring through market analysis and stress testing and increasing capital requirements. 
 Effect of Governmental Monetary Policies 
 The commercial banking business is affected not only by general economic conditions but also by both U.S. fiscal policy and the monetary policies of the Federal Reserve. Some of the instruments of fiscal and monetary policy available to the Federal Reserve include changes in the discount rate on member bank borrowings, the fluctuating availability of borrowings at the discount window, open market operations, the imposition of and changes in reserve requirements against member banks deposits and assets of foreign branches, the imposition of and changes in reserve requirements against certain borrowings by banks and their affiliates and the placing of limits on interest rates that member banks may pay on time and savings deposits. Such policies influence, to a significant extent, the overall growth of bank loans, investments and deposits and the interest rates charged on loans or paid on time and savings deposits. We cannot predict the nature of future fiscal and monetary policies and the effect of such policies on the future business and our earnings. 
 
 22 

Item 1A: Risk Factors 
 Our business and results of operations are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. The material risks and uncertainties that management believes affect the Company are described below. Additional risks and uncertainties that management is not aware of, or that management currently deems immaterial, may also impair the Company s business operations. This report is qualified in its entirety by these risk factors. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. If this were to happen, the value of our securities could decline significantly, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Some statements in the following risk factors constitute forward-looking statements. Please refer to Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 Our risk factors can be broadly summarized by the following categories: 
 Economic Risks 

Credit and Interest Rate Risks 

Strategic Risks 

Risks Relating to the Regulation of Our Industry 

Risks Relating to the Company s Common Stock 

General Risks 

While not an exhaustive list, the principal risks that we believe could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations include: 
 a change in economic conditions or a return to recessionary conditions could result in increases in our level of nonperforming loans and/or reduced demand for our products and services; 

the value of real estate collateral may fluctuate significantly resulting in an under-collateralized loan portfolio; 

external economic factors, such as changes in monetary policy and inflation and deflation, may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations; 

inability to effectively manage or adequately measure credit risk; 

we could suffer losses from a decline in the credit quality of the assets that we hold; 

a significant portion of our loan portfolio is secured by real estate, and events that negatively impact the real estate market could negatively impact our business; 

a large portion of our loan portfolio is comprised of commercial loans that are secured by accounts receivable, inventory, equipment or other asset-based collateral, and deterioration in the value of such collateral could increase our exposure to future probable losses; 

our largest lending relationships currently make up a material percentage of our total loan portfolio; 

our profitability is vulnerable to interest rate fluctuations; 

market interest rates for loans, investments and deposits are highly sensitive to many factors beyond our control; 

our financial instruments expose us to certain market risks and may increase the volatility of earnings and AOCI; 

we may be adversely impacted by the transition from LIBOR as a reference rate; 

the outbreak of COVID-19, or other epidemic, pandemic or highly contagious disease occurring in the United States or in the geographies in which we conduct operations; 

our financial performance will be negatively impacted if we are unable to execute our growth strategy; 

our strategy of pursuing acquisitions exposes us to financial, execution, compliance and operational risks; 

acquisitions may disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value and be costly to integrate; 

we rely heavily on our management team and could be adversely affected by the unexpected loss of key officers; 

our business is concentrated in, and largely dependent upon, the continued growth and welfare of the general geographic markets in which we operate; 

our ability to grow our loan portfolio may be limited; 

our future profitability levels are dependent on our ability to grow and maintain deposits at competitive costs; 

our ability to retain bankers and recruit additional successful bankers is critical to the success of our business strategy; 

a lack of liquidity could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations; 

our financial projections are based upon numerous assumptions about future events and our actual financial performance may differ materially from our projections if our assumptions are inaccurate; 

we continually encounter technological change and may have fewer resources than our competitors; 

our information systems may experience a failure or interruption; 

23 

we use information technology in our operations and offer online banking services to our customers, and unauthorized access to our or our customers confidential or proprietary information as a result of a cyber-attack or otherwise; 

we are dependent upon outside third parties for the processing and handling of our records and data; 

if our enterprise risk management framework is not effective at mitigating risk and loss to us; 

changes in accounting standards could materially impact our financial statements; 

if the goodwill that we have recorded or may record in connection with a business acquisition becomes impaired, it could require charges to earnings, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations; 

we may be required to repurchase mortgage loans or indemnify buyers against losses in some circumstances, which could harm liquidity, results of operations and financial condition; 

increasing scrutiny and evolving expectations from customers, regulators, investors and other stakeholders with respect to our environmental, social and governance practices may impose additional costs on us or expose us to new or additional risks; 

we are subject to extensive regulations in the conduct of our business, which imposes additional costs on us; 

changes in laws, government regulation and monetary policy may have a material effect on our results of operations; 

our banking subsidiary may be required to pay higher FDIC insurance premiums or special assessments; 

we are subject to certain capital requirements by regulators; 

we are subject to stringent capital requirements, which may adversely impact our return on equity or constrain us from paying dividends or repurchasing shares; 

we may need to raise additional capital in the future and the capital may not be available when it is needed or may be dilutive to stockholders; 

we are subject to the Bank Secrecy Act and other anti-money laundering statutes and regulations, and any deemed deficiency by us with respect to these laws could result in significant liability; 

the laws that regulate our operations are designed for the protection of depositors and the public, not our stockholders; 

as a bank holding company, the sources of funds available to us are limited; 

the market price of our Class A common stock may be subject to substantial fluctuations which may make it difficult for you to sell your shares at the volumes, prices and times desired; 

the obligations associated with being a public company requires significant resources and management attention; 

there is no guarantee that we will declare or pay cash dividends on our common stock; 

securities analysts may not initiate or continue coverage on our Class A common stock, which could adversely affect the market for our Class A common stock; 

use of our common stock for future acquisitions or to raise capital may be dilutive to existing stockholders; 

a future issuance of stock could dilute the value of our Class A common stock; 

we have significant institutional investors whose interests may differ from yours; 

our directors and executive officers beneficially own a significant portion of our Class A common stock and have substantial influence over us; 

shares of our Class A common stock are not insured deposits and may lose value; 

we have the ability to incur debt and pledge our assets, including our stock in Equity Bank, to secure that debt, and holders of any such debt obligations will generally have priority over holders of our Class A common stock with respect to certain payment obligations; 

if we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud; 

our board of directors may issue shares of preferred stock that would adversely affect the rights of our Class A common stockholders; 

the return on your investment in our Class A common stock is uncertain; 

we operate in a highly competitive industry and face significant competition from other banking organizations; 

as a community bank, our ability to maintain our reputation is critical to the success of our business, and the failure to do so may materially adversely affect our performance; 

we are subject to environmental risk in our lending activities; 

we are subject to claims and litigation pertaining to intellectual property; 

we have pledged all of the stock of Equity Bank as collateral for a loan, and if the lender forecloses, you could lose your investment; and 

we have outstanding subordinated debt obligations, and if the Company defaults on those obligations, the debt holders could lose their investment. 

The foregoing factors should not be construed as exhaustive. This summary of risk factors should be read in conjunction with the more detailed risk factors below. 
 
 24 

Economic Risks 
 Recessionary conditions could result in increases in our level of nonperforming loans and/or reduced demand for our products and services, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 Economic recession or other economic problems, including those affecting our markets and regions, but also those affecting the U.S. or world economies, could have a material adverse impact on the demand for our products and services. If economic conditions deteriorate, or if there are negative developments affecting the domestic and international credit markets, the value of our loans and investments may be harmed, which in turn would have an adverse effect on our financial performance and our financial condition may be adversely affected. In addition, although deteriorating market conditions could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, we may not benefit from any market growth or favorable economic conditions, either in our primary market areas or nationally, even if they do occur. 
 Changes in economic conditions could cause an increase in delinquencies and nonperforming assets, including loan charge-offs, which could depress our net income and growth. 
 Our loan portfolio includes many real estate secured loans, demand for which may decrease during economic downturns as a result of, among other things, an increase in unemployment, a decrease in real estate values and a slowdown in housing. If we see negative economic conditions develop in the United States as a whole or in our Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma markets, we could experience higher delinquencies and loan charge-offs, which would reduce our net income and adversely affect our financial condition. Furthermore, to the extent that real estate collateral is obtained through foreclosure, the costs of holding and marketing the real estate collateral, as well as the ultimate values obtained from disposition, could reduce our earnings and adversely affect our financial condition. 
 The value of real estate collateral may fluctuate significantly resulting in an under-collateralized loan portfolio. 
 The market value of real estate, particularly real estate held for investment, can fluctuate significantly in a short period of time as a result of market conditions in the geographic area in which the real estate is located. If the value of the real estate serving as collateral for our loan portfolio were to decline materially, a significant part of our loan portfolio could become under-collateralized. If the loans that are collateralized by real estate become troubled during a time when market conditions are declining or have declined, then, in the event of foreclosure, we may not be able to realize the amount of collateral that we anticipated at the time of originating the loan. This could have a material adverse effect on our provision for credit losses and our operating results and financial condition. 
 External economic factors, such as changes in monetary policy and inflation and deflation, may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our financial condition and results of operations are affected by credit policies of monetary authorities, particularly the Federal Reserve. Actions by monetary and fiscal authorities, including the Federal Reserve, could lead to inflation, deflation or other economic phenomena that could adversely affect our financial performance. The primary impact of inflation on our operations most likely will be reflected in increased operating costs. Conversely, deflation generally will tend to erode collateral values and diminish loan quality. Virtually all of our assets and liabilities are monetary in nature. As a result, interest rates have a more significant impact on our performance than general levels of inflation or deflation. Interest rates do not necessarily move in the same direction or by the same magnitude as the prices of goods and services. 
 Volatility in commodity prices may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition to the geographic concentration of our markets, certain industry-specific economic factors also affect us. For example, while we do not have a concentration in energy lending, the industry is cyclical and recently has experienced a significant volatility in crude oil and natural gas prices. In addition, we make loans to customers involved in the agricultural industry, many of whom are also impacted by fluctuations in commodity prices. Volatility in commodity prices could adversely impact the ability of borrowers in these industries to perform under the terms of their borrowing arrangements with us and, as a result, a severe and prolonged decline in commodity prices may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. It is also difficult to project future commodity prices as they are dependent upon many different factors beyond our control. 
 25 

Credit and Interest Rate Risks 
 Inability to effectively manage credit risk. 
 As a lender, we are exposed to the risk that our loan customers may not repay their loans according to the terms of these loans and the collateral securing the payment of these loans may be insufficient to fully compensate us for the outstanding balance of the loan plus the costs to dispose of the collateral. We may experience significant credit losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. Management makes various assumptions and judgments about the collectability of our loan portfolio, including the diversification by industry of our commercial loan portfolio, the amount of nonperforming loans and related collateral, the volume, growth and composition of our loan portfolio, the effects on the loan portfolio of current economic indicators and their probable impact on borrowers and the evaluation of our loan portfolio through our internal loan review process and other relevant factors. 
 We maintain an allowance for credit losses, which is an allowance established through a provision for credit losses charged to expense that represents management s best estimate of probable incurred losses in our loan portfolio. Additional credit losses will likely occur in the future and may occur at a rate greater than we have experienced to date. In determining the amount of the allowance, we rely on an analysis of our loan portfolio, our experience and our evaluation of general economic conditions. If our assumptions, prove to be incorrect, our current allowance may not be sufficient and adjustments may be necessary to allow for different economic conditions or adverse developments in our loan portfolio. In addition, as an acquirer of other banks, our allowance for credit losses may not be sufficient when coupled with purchase discounts on acquired portfolios. Material additions to the allowance could materially decrease our net income. 
 In addition, banking regulators periodically review our allowance for credit losses and may require us to increase our provision for credit losses or recognize further charge-offs, based on judgments different than those of our management. Any increase in our allowance for credit losses or charge-offs as required by these regulatory agencies could have a material negative effect on our operating results, financial condition and liquidity. 
 We could suffer losses from a decline in the credit quality of the assets that we hold. 
 We could sustain losses if borrowers, guarantors, and related parties fail to perform in accordance with the terms of their loans. We have adopted underwriting and credit monitoring procedures and policies that we believe are appropriate to minimize this risk, including the establishment and review of the allowance for credit losses, periodic assessment of the likelihood of nonperformance, tracking loan performance and diversifying our credit portfolio. These policies and procedures, however, may not prevent unexpected losses that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In particular, we face credit quality risks presented by past, current and potential economic and real estate market conditions. 
 A significant portion of our loan portfolio is secured by real estate, and events that negatively impact the real estate market could negatively impact our business. 
 There are significant risks associated with real estate-based lending. Real estate collateral may deteriorate in value during the time that credit is extended, in which case we might not be able to sell such collateral for an amount necessary to satisfy a defaulting borrower s obligation to us. In that event, there could be a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, commercial real estate loans are subject to unique risks. These types of loans are often viewed as having more risks than residential real estate or other consumer loans, primarily because relatively large amounts are loans to a relatively small number of borrowers. Thus, the deterioration of even a small number of these loans could cause a significant increase in the allowance for credit losses or loan charge-offs, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, commercial real estate loans depend on cash flows from the property securing the debt. Cash flows may be affected significantly by general economic conditions and a downturn in a local economy in one of our markets or in occupancy rates where a property is located could increase the likelihood of default. 
 The foregoing risks are enhanced as a result of the limited geographic scope of our principal markets. Most of the real estate securing our loans is located in our Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma markets. Because the value of this collateral depends upon local real estate market conditions and is affected by, among other things, neighborhood characteristics, real estate tax rates, the cost of operating the properties and local governmental regulation, adverse changes in any of these factors in our markets could cause a decline in the value of the collateral securing a significant portion of our loan portfolio. Further, the concentration of real estate collateral in these four markets limits our ability to diversify the risk of such occurrences. 
 26 

A large portion of our loan portfolio is comprised of commercial loans that are secured by accounts receivable, inventory, equipment or other asset-based collateral, and deterioration in the value of such collateral could increase our exposure to future probable losses. 
 These commercial loans are typically larger in amount than loans to individuals and therefore, have the potential for larger losses on a single loan basis. Additionally, asset-based borrowers are often highly leveraged and have inconsistent historical earnings and cash flows. Historically, losses in our commercial credits have been higher than losses in other classes of our loan portfolio. Significant adverse changes in our borrowers industries and businesses could cause rapid declines in values of, and collectability associated with, those business assets, which could result in inadequate collateral coverage for our commercial loans and expose us to future losses. An increase in specific reserves and charge-offs related to our commercial loan portfolio could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
 Our use of appraisals in deciding whether to make a loan secured by real property does not ensure the value of the real property collateral. 
 In considering whether to make a loan secured by real property, we generally require an appraisal. However, an appraisal is only an estimate of the value of the property at the time the appraisal is made. If the appraisal does not reflect the amount that may be obtained upon any sale or foreclosure of the property, we may not realize an amount equal to the indebtedness secured by the property. 
 A portion of our loan portfolio is comprised of participation and syndicated transaction interests, which could have an adverse effect on our ability to monitor the lending relationships and lead to an increased risk of loss. 
 We participate in loans originated by other institutions and in syndicated transactions (including shared national credits) in which other lenders serve as the agent bank. Our reduced control over the monitoring and management of these relationships, particularly participations in large bank groups, could lead to increased risk of loss, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
 Our largest loan relationships currently make up a material percentage of our total loan portfolio. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our ten largest loan relationships totaled over 367.2 million in loan exposure, or 11.1 of the total loan portfolio. The concentration risk associated with having a small number of large loan relationships is that, if one or more of these relationships were to become delinquent or suffer default, we could be at serious risk of material losses. The allowance for credit losses may not be adequate to cover losses associated with any of these relationships and any loss or increase in the allowance would negatively affect our earnings and capital. Even if the loans are collateralized, the large increase in classified assets could harm our reputation with our regulators, investors and potential investors and inhibit our ability to execute our business plan. 
 We may not be able to adequately measure and limit the credit risk associated with our loan portfolio, which could adversely affect our profitability. 
 As a part of the products and services that we offer, we make commercial and commercial real estate loans. The principal economic risk associated with each class of loans is the creditworthiness of the borrower, which is affected by the strength of the relevant business market segment, local market conditions and general economic conditions. Additional factors related to the credit quality of commercial loans include the quality of the management of the business and the borrower s ability both to properly evaluate changes in the supply and demand characteristics affecting our market for products and services and to effectively respond to those changes. Additional factors related to the credit quality of commercial real estate loans include tenant vacancy rates and the quality of management of the property. A failure to effectively measure and limit the credit risk associated with our loan portfolio could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We could be adversely affected by the soundness of other financial institutions. 
 Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty or other relationships. We have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including commercial banks, brokers and dealers, investment banks and other institutional clients. Many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of a default by a counterparty or client. In addition, our credit risk may be exacerbated when our collateral cannot be foreclosed upon or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the credit or derivative exposure due. Any such losses could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 27 

Our profitability is vulnerable to interest rate fluctuations. 
 Our profitability depends substantially upon our net interest income. Net interest income is the difference between the interest earned on assets (such as loans and securities held in our investment portfolio) and the interest paid for liabilities (such as interest paid on savings and money market accounts and time deposits). Income associated with interest-earning assets and costs associated with interest-bearing liabilities may not be affected uniformly by fluctuations in interest rates. The magnitude and duration of changes in interest rates are events over which we have no control and such changes may have an adverse effect on our net interest income. Prepayment and early withdrawal levels, which are also impacted by changes in interest rates, can significantly affect our assets and liabilities. For example, an increase in interest rates could, among other things, reduce the demand for loans and decrease loan repayment rates. Such an increase could also adversely affect the ability of our floating-rate borrowers to meet their higher payment obligations, which could in turn lead to an increase in nonperforming assets and net charge-offs. Conversely, a decrease in the general level of interest rates could affect us by, among other things, leading to greater competition for deposits and incentivizing borrowers to prepay or refinance their loans more quickly or frequently than they otherwise would. The primary tool that management uses to measure interest rate risk is a simulation model that evaluates the impact of varying levels of prevailing interest rates and the impact on net interest income and the economic value of equity. Generally, the interest rates on our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities do not change at the same rate, to the same extent or on the same basis. Even assets and liabilities with similar maturities or re-pricing periods may react in different degrees to changes in market interest rates. Interest rates on certain types of assets and liabilities may fluctuate in advance of changes in general market interest rates, while interest rates on other types of assets and liabilities may lag behind changes in general market rates. Certain assets, such as fixed and adjustable rate mortgage loans, have features that limit changes in interest rates on a short-term basis and over the life of the asset. Changes in interest rates could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. See Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk for a discussion of interest rate risk modeling and the inherent risks in modeling assumptions. 
 Market interest rates for loans, investments and deposits are highly sensitive to many factors beyond our control. 
 Generally, interest rate spreads (the difference between interest rates earned on assets and interest rates paid on liabilities) have narrowed in recent years as a result of changing market conditions, policies of various government and regulatory authorities and competitive pricing pressures and we cannot predict whether these rate spreads will narrow even further. This narrowing of interest rate spreads could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we cannot predict whether interest rates will continue to remain at present levels. Changes in interest rates may cause significant changes, up or down, in our net interest income. 
 We attempt to minimize the adverse effects of changes in interest rates by structuring our asset-liability composition in order to obtain the maximum spread between interest income and interest expense. However, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in minimizing the adverse effects of changes in interest rates. Depending on our portfolio of loans and investments, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by changes in interest rates. 
 Our financial instruments expose us to certain market risks and may increase the volatility of earnings and AOCI 
 We hold certain financial instruments measured at fair value. For those financial instruments measured at fair value, we are required to recognize the changes in the fair value of such instruments in earnings or accumulated other comprehensive income AOCI each quarter. Therefore, any increases or decreases in the fair value of these financial instruments have a corresponding impact on reported earnings or AOCI. Fair value can be affected by a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including our credit position, interest rate volatility, capital markets volatility, and other economic factors. Accordingly, we are subject to mark-to-market risk and the application of fair value accounting may cause our earnings and AOCI to be more volatile than would be suggested by our underlying performance. 
 We may be adversely impacted by the transition from LIBOR as a reference rate. 
 In 2017, the United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority announced that after 2021 it would no longer compel banks to submit the rates required to calculate LIBOR. The publishers of LIBOR have stated that the rates used by the Company will cease to be published as of June 30, 2023. We occasionally have loans, derivative contracts, borrowings and other financial instruments with attributes that are either directly or indirectly dependent on LIBOR. The language in our contracts and financial instruments that define and use LIBOR have developed over time and have various events that trigger when a successor rate to the designated rate would be selected. If a trigger is satisfied, contracts and financial instruments often give the calculation agent (which may be us) discretion over the successor rate or benchmark to be selected. 
 28 

Per the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act LIBOR Act ), the Federal Reserve was given the discretion to address the implementation, administration and calculation of the selected benchmark replacement in LIBOR contracts and included certain safe harbor provision to prevent litigation and ensure the continuity of contracts post-transition. The Federal Reserve issued the final rule implementing the LIBOR Act on December 16, 2022, which provided the safe harbor SOFR-based benchmark replacement indexes. 
 The transition from LIBOR could create additional costs and additional risk. Since proposed alternative rates are calculated differently, payments under contracts referencing new rates will differ from those referencing LIBOR. The transition will change our market risk profiles, requiring changes to risk and pricing models, valuation tools, product design and hedging strategies. Furthermore, failure to adequately manage this transition process with our customers could adversely impact our reputation. 
 Strategic Risks 
 Global health pandemics or outbreaks of highly contagious diseases occurring in the United States or in the geographies in which we conduct operations, could adversely affect the Company s business operations, asset valuations, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The Company s business is dependent upon the willingness and ability of our customers to conduct banking and other financial transactions. Outbreaks of highly contagious or infectious diseases could negatively impact the ability of our employees and customers to conduct such transactions and disrupt the business activities and operations of our customers in the geographic areas in which we operate. The COVID-19 pandemic caused changes in the behavior of customers, businesses, and their employees, including illness, quarantines, social distancing practices, cancellation of events and travel, business and school shutdowns, reduction in commercial activity and financial transactions, supply chain interruptions, increased unemployment, and overall economic and financial market instability. Similar impacts could be experienced in the future if such an outbreak or pandemic were to occur again. Notwithstanding our contingency plans and other safeguards against pandemics or another contagious disease, the spread of contagion could negatively impact the availability of Equity Bank staff who are necessary to conduct our business operations, as well as potentially impact the business and operations third party service providers who perform critical services for us. If the response to contain a similar highly infectious or contagious disease, is unsuccessful, the Company could experience a material adverse effect on our business operations, asset valuations, financial condition, and results of operations. Material adverse impacts may include all or a combination of valuation impairments on the Company s intangible assets, investments, loans, loan servicing rights, deferred tax assets, or counter-party risk derivatives. 
 Our financial performance will be negatively impacted if we are unable to execute our growth strategy. 
 Our current growth strategy is to grow organically and supplement that growth with select acquisitions. Our ability to grow organically depends primarily on generating loans and deposits of acceptable risk and expense and we may not be successful in continuing this organic growth. Our ability to identify appropriate markets for expansion, recruit and retain qualified personnel and fund growth at a reasonable cost depends upon prevailing economic conditions, maintenance of sufficient capital, competitive factors, and changes in banking laws, among other factors. Conversely, if we grow too quickly and are unable to control costs and maintain asset quality, such growth, whether organic or through select acquisitions, could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may not be able to identify and acquire other financial institutions, which could hinder our ability to continue to grow. 
 A substantial part of our historical growth has been a result of acquisitions of other financial institutions. We intend to continue our strategy of evaluating and selectively acquiring other financial institutions that serve customers or markets we find desirable. However, the market for acquisitions remains highly competitive and we may be unable to find satisfactory acquisition candidates in the future that fit our acquisition strategy. To the extent that we are unable to find suitable acquisition candidates, an important component of our strategy may be lost. If we are able to identify attractive acquisition opportunities, we must generally satisfy a number of conditions prior to completing any such transaction, including certain bank regulatory approval, which has become substantially more difficult, time-consuming and unpredictable as a result of the recent financial crisis. Additionally, any future acquisitions may not produce the revenue, earnings or synergies that we anticipated. 
 29 

Our strategy of pursuing acquisitions exposes us to financial, execution, compliance and operational risks that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 We intend to continue pursuing a strategy that includes acquisitions. An acquisition strategy involves significant risks, including the following: 
 finding suitable candidates for acquisition; 

attracting funding to support additional growth within acceptable risk tolerances; 

maintaining asset quality; 

retaining customers and key personnel, including bankers; 

obtaining necessary regulatory approvals, which we may have difficulty obtaining or be unable to obtain; 

conducting adequate due diligence and managing known and unknown risks and uncertainties; 

integrating acquired businesses; and 

maintaining adequate regulatory capital. 

The market for acquisition targets is highly competitive, which may adversely affect our ability to find acquisition candidates that fit our strategy and standards. We face significant competition in pursuing acquisition targets from other banks and financial institutions, many of which possess greater financial, human, technical and other resources than we do. Our ability to compete in acquiring target institutions will depend on our available financial resources to fund the acquisitions, including the amount of cash and cash equivalents we have and the liquidity and market price of our Class A common stock. In addition, increased competition may also drive up the acquisition consideration that we will be required to pay in order to successfully capitalize on attractive acquisition opportunities. To the extent that we are unable to find suitable acquisition targets, an important component of our growth strategy may not be realized. 
 Acquisitions of financial institutions and branches also involve operational risks and uncertainties, such as unknown or contingent liabilities with no available manner of recourse, exposure to unexpected problems such as asset quality, the retention of key employees and customers and other issues that could negatively affect our business. We may not be able to complete future acquisitions or, if completed, we may not be able to successfully integrate the operations, technology platforms, management, products and services of the entities that we acquire or to realize our attempts to eliminate redundancies. The integration process may also require significant time and attention from our management that would otherwise be directed toward servicing existing business and developing new business. Failure to successfully integrate the entities we acquire into our existing operations in a timely manner may increase our operating costs significantly and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, acquisitions typically involve the payment of a premium over book and market values and therefore, some dilution of our tangible book value and net income per common share may occur in connection with any future acquisition and the carrying amount of any goodwill that we currently maintain or may acquire may be subject to impairment in future periods. 
 If we continue to grow, we will face risks arising from our increased size. If we do not manage such growth effectively, we may be unable to realize the benefit from the investments in technology, infrastructure and personnel that we have made to support our expansion. In addition, we may incur higher costs and realize less revenue growth than we expect, which would reduce our earnings and diminish our future prospects and we may not be able to continue to implement our business strategy and successfully conduct our operations. Risks associated with failing to maintain effective financial and operational controls as we grow, such as maintaining appropriate loan underwriting procedures, information technology systems, determining adequate allowances for credit losses and complying with regulatory accounting requirements, including increased credit losses, reduced earnings and potential regulatory penalties and restrictions on growth, all could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Acquisitions may disrupt our business and dilute stockholder value and integrating acquired companies may be more difficult, costly or time-consuming than we expect. 
 Our pursuit of acquisitions may disrupt our business and any equity that we issue as merger consideration may have the effect of diluting the value of common stockholders. In addition, we may fail to realize some or all of the anticipated benefits of completed acquisitions. We anticipate that the integration of businesses that we may acquire in the future will be a time-consuming and expensive process, even if the integration process is effectively planned and implemented. 
 30 

In addition, our acquisition activities could be material to our business and involve a number of significant risks, including the following: 
 incurring time and expense associated with identifying and evaluating potential acquisitions and negotiating potential transactions, resulting in our attention being diverted from the operation of our existing business; 

using inaccurate estimates and judgments to evaluate credit, operations, management and market risks with respect to the target company or the assets and liabilities that we seek to acquire; 

exposure to potential asset quality issues of the target company; 

intense competition from other banking organizations and other potential acquirers, many of which have substantially greater resources than we do; 

potential exposure to unknown or contingent liabilities of banks and businesses we acquire, including, without limitation, liabilities for regulatory and compliance issues; 

inability to realize the expected revenue increases, cost savings, increases in geographic or product presence and other projected benefits of the acquisition; 

incurring time and expense required to integrate the operations and personnel of the combined businesses; 

inconsistencies in standards, procedures and policies that would adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with customers and employees; 

experiencing higher operating expenses relative to operating income from the new operations; 

creating an adverse short-term effect on our results of operations; 

losing key employees and customers; 

significant problems relating to the conversion of the financial and customer data of the entity; 

integration of acquired customers into our financial and customer product systems; 

potential changes in banking or tax laws or regulations that may affect the target company; or 

risks of impairment to goodwill. 

If difficulties arise with respect to the integration process, the economic benefits expected to result from acquisitions might not occur. As with any merger of financial institutions, there also may be business disruptions that cause us to lose customers or cause customers to move their business to other financial institutions. Failure to successfully integrate businesses that we acquire could have an adverse effect on our profitability, return on equity, return on assets or our ability to implement our strategy, any of which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Operational Risks 
 We rely heavily on our management team and could be adversely affected by the unexpected loss of key officers. 
 We are led by an experienced management team with substantial experience in the markets that we serve and the financial products that we offer. Our operating strategy focuses on providing products and services through long-term relationship managers. Accordingly, our success depends in large part on the performance of our key personnel, as well as on our ability to attract, motivate and retain highly qualified senior and middle management. Competition for employees is intense and the process of locating key personnel with the combination of skills and attributes required to execute our business plan may be lengthy. We may not be successful in retaining our key employees and the unexpected loss of services of one or more of our key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business because of their skills, knowledge of our market and financial products, years of industry experience, long-term customer relationships and the difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement personnel. If the services of any of our key personnel should become unavailable for any reason, we may not be able to identify and hire qualified persons on terms acceptable to us, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our business is concentrated in, and largely dependent upon, the continued growth and welfare of the general geographic markets in which we operate. 
 Our banking operations are concentrated in Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma. As a result, our financial condition and results of operations and cash flows are affected by changes in the economic conditions of our markets. Our success depends to a significant extent upon the business activity, population, income levels, deposits and real estate activity in these markets. Although 
 31 

our customers business and financial interests may extend well beyond these market areas, adverse conditions that affect these market areas could reduce our growth rate, affect the ability of our customers to repay their loans, affect the value of collateral underlying loans, impact our ability to attract deposits and generally affect our financial conditions and results of operations. Because of our geographic concentration, we may be less able than other regional or national financial institutions to diversify our credit risks across multiple markets. 
 Difficult conditions in the market for financial products and services may materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 Recessionary periods historically have brought about increased foreclosures and unemployment which have resulted in significant write-downs of asset values by financial institutions, including government-sponsored entities and major commercial and investment banks. These write-downs, initially of mortgage-backed securities but spreading to credit default swaps and other derivative securities, have historically caused many financial institutions to seek additional capital, to merge with larger and stronger institutions and, in some cases, to fail. This market turmoil and tightening of credit have led to an increased level of commercial and consumer delinquencies, lack of consumer confidence, increased market volatility and widespread reduction of business activity generally. Although conditions have improved, a return of these trends could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. Negative market developments may affect consumer confidence levels and may cause adverse changes in payment patterns, causing increases in delinquencies and default rates, which may impact our charge-offs and provisions for loan and credit losses. Economic deterioration that affects household and/or corporate incomes could also result in reduced demand for credit or fee-based products and services. These conditions would have adverse effects on us and others in the financial services industry. 
 Our ability to grow our loan portfolio may be limited by, among other things, economic conditions, competition within our market areas, the timing of loan repayments and seasonality. 
 Our ability to continue to improve our operating results is dependent upon, among other things, growing our loan portfolio. While we believe that our strategy to grow our loan portfolio is sound and our growth targets are achievable over an extended period of time, competition within our market areas is significant, particularly for high credit quality borrowers. We compete with both large regional and national financial institutions, who are sometimes able to offer more attractive interest rates and other financial terms than we choose to offer, as well as other community-based banks who seek to offer a similar level of service to that which we offer. This competition can make loan growth challenging, particularly if we are unwilling to price loans at levels that would cause unacceptable levels of compression of our net interest margin or if we are unwilling to structure a loan in a manner that we believe results in a level of risk to us that we are not willing to accept. Moreover, loan growth throughout the year can fluctuate due in part to seasonality of the businesses of our borrowers and potential borrowers and the timing on loan repayments, particularly those of our borrowers with significant relationships with us, resulting from, among other things, excess levels of liquidity. To the extent that we are unable to increase loans, we may be unable to successfully implement our growth strategy, which could materially and adversely affect us. 
 Several of our large depositors have relationships with each other, which creates a higher risk that one customer s withdrawal of its deposit could lead to a loss of other deposits from customers within the relationship, which, in turn, could force us to fund our business through more expensive and less stable sources. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our ten largest non-brokered depositors accounted for 301.0 million in deposits, or approximately 7.1 of our total deposits. Further, our non-brokered deposit account balance was 4.0 billion, or approximately 92.9 of our total deposits, as of December 31, 2022. Several of our large depositors have business, family or other relationships with each other, which creates a risk that any one customer s withdrawal of its deposit could lead to a loss of other deposits from customers within the relationship. 
 Withdrawals of deposits by any one of our largest depositors or by one of our related customer groups could force us to rely more heavily on borrowings and other sources of funding for our business and withdrawal demands, adversely affecting our net interest margin and results of operations. We may also be forced, as a result of any withdrawal of deposits, to rely more heavily on other, potentially more expensive and less stable funding sources. Consequently, the occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and future prospects. 
 32 

Our future profitability levels are dependent on our ability to grow and maintain deposits at competitive costs. 
 Our ability to fund our lending and investing activities at a reasonable cost depends on our ability to maintain adequate deposit levels at an economically competitive cost structure. The following risks could impact the cost structures of deposits: 
 Increased competition over transactional and time deposit accounts could increase the costs of these deposits by increasing the rate of change and velocity of change in deposit rates, as overall market rates change; 

Migration of transactional deposit accounts to time deposit accounts could increase the overall costs of deposits; and 

Changes in the mix of retail and public funds deposit customers could increase the costs of deposits. Public funds deposits are more rate sensitive than retail deposits and if we are forced to rely more heavily on those types of deposits overall funding cost could increase. 

Our ability to retain bankers and recruit additional successful bankers is critical to the success of our business strategy and any failure to do so could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 Our ability to retain and grow our loans, deposits and fee income depends upon the business generation capabilities, reputation and relationship management skills of our bankers. If we were to lose the services of any of our bankers, including successful bankers employed by banks that we may acquire, to a new or existing competitor or otherwise, we may not be able to retain valuable relationships and some of our customers could choose to use the services of a competitor instead of our services. 
 Our growth strategy also relies on our ability to attract and retain additional profitable bankers. We may face difficulties in recruiting and retaining bankers of our desired caliber, including as a result of competition from other financial institutions. In particular, many of our competitors are significantly larger with greater financial resources and may be able to offer more attractive compensation packages and broader career opportunities. Additionally, we may incur significant expenses and expend significant time and resources on training, integration and business development before we are able to determine whether a new banker will be profitable or effective. If we are unable to attract and retain successful bankers, or if our bankers fail to meet our expectations in terms of customer relationships and profitability, we may be unable to execute our business strategy and our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects may be adversely affected. 
 Any expansion into new markets or new lines of business might not be successful. 
 As part of our ongoing strategic plan, we may consider expansion into new geographic markets. Such expansion might take the form of the establishment of de novo branches or the acquisition of existing banks or bank branches. There are considerable costs associated with opening new branches and new branches generally do not generate sufficient revenues to offset costs until they have been in operation for some time. Additionally, we may consider expansion into new lines of business through the acquisition of third parties or organic growth and development. There are substantial risks associated with such efforts, including risks that (i) revenues from such activities might not be sufficient to offset the development, compliance and other implementation costs, (ii) competing products and services and shifting market preferences might affect the profitability of such activities and (iii) our internal controls might be inadequate to manage the risks associated with new activities. Furthermore, it is possible that our unfamiliarity with new markets or lines of business might adversely affect the success of such actions. If any such expansions into new geographic or product markets are not successful, there could be an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our small to medium-sized business and entrepreneurial customers may have fewer financial resources than larger entities to weather a downturn in the economy that might impair a borrower s ability to repay a loan and could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We focus our business development and marketing strategy primarily to serve the banking and financial services needs of small to medium-sized businesses and entrepreneurs. These small to medium-sized businesses and entrepreneurs may have fewer financial resources in terms of capital or borrowing capacity than larger entities. If economic conditions negatively impact our markets generally, and small to medium-sized businesses are adversely affected, our financial condition and results of operations may be negatively affected. 
 A lack of liquidity could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Liquidity is essential to our business. We rely on our ability to generate deposits and effectively manage the repayment and maturity schedules of our loans to ensure that we have adequate liquidity to fund our operations. An inability to raise funds through deposits, borrowings, the sale of loans and other sources could have a substantial negative effect on our liquidity. Our most important source of funds is deposits. Deposit balances can decrease when customers perceive alternative investments as providing a better 
 33 

risk/return tradeoff. If customers move money out of bank deposits and into other investments such as money market funds, we would lose a relatively low-cost source of funds, increasing our funding costs and reducing our net interest income and net income. 
 Other primary sources of funds consist of cash flows from operations, maturities and sales of investment securities and proceeds from the issuance and sale of our equity securities to investors. Additional liquidity is provided by the ability to borrow from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Topeka. We also may borrow funds from third-party lenders, such as other financial institutions. Our access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance or capitalize our activities, or on terms that are acceptable to us, could be impaired by factors that affect us directly or the financial services industry or economy in general, such as disruptions in the financial markets or negative views and expectations about the prospects for the financial services industry. Our access to funding sources could also be affected by a decrease in the level of our business activity as a result of a downturn in our markets or by one or more adverse regulatory actions against us. 
 Any decline in available funding could adversely impact our ability to originate loans, invest in securities, meet our expenses or to fulfill obligations such as repaying our borrowings or meeting deposit withdrawal demands, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 As a community banking institution, we have lower lending limits and different lending risks than certain of our larger, more diversified competitors. 
 We are a community banking institution that provides banking services to the local communities in the market areas in which we operate. Our ability to diversify our economic risks is limited by our own local markets and economies. We lend primarily to individuals and small to medium-sized businesses, which may expose us to greater lending risks than those of banks that lend to larger, better-capitalized businesses with longer operating histories. In addition, our legally mandated lending limits are lower than those of certain of our competitors that have more capital than we do. These lower lending limits may discourage borrowers with lending needs that exceed our limits from doing business with us. We may try to serve such borrowers by selling loan participations to other financial institutions; however, this strategy may not succeed. 
 Our financial projections are based upon numerous assumptions about future events and our actual financial performance may differ materially from our projections if our assumptions are inaccurate. 
 If the communities in which we operate do not grow, or if the prevailing economic conditions locally or nationally are less favorable than we have assumed, then our ability to reduce our nonperforming loans and other real estate owned portfolios and to implement our business strategies may be adversely affected and our actual financial performance may be materially different from our projections. 
 Moreover, we cannot give any assurance that we will benefit from any market growth or favorable economic conditions in our market areas even if they do occur. If our senior management team is unable to provide the effective leadership necessary to implement our strategic plan our actual financial performance may be materially adversely different from our projections. Additionally, to the extent that any component of our strategic plan requires regulatory approval, if we are unable to obtain necessary approval, we will be unable to completely implement our strategy, which may adversely affect our actual financial results. Our inability to successfully implement our strategic plan could adversely affect the price of our Class A common stock. 
 We depend on the accuracy and completeness of information about customers and counterparties. 
 In deciding whether to extend credit or enter into other transactions with customers and counterparties, we may rely on information furnished to us by or on behalf of customers and counterparties, including financial statements and other financial information. We also may rely on representations of customers and counterparties as to the accuracy and completeness of that information and, with respect to financial statements, on reports of independent auditors. In deciding whether to extend credit, we may rely upon our customers representations that their financial statements conform to GAAP and present fairly, in all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the customer. We also may rely on customer representations and certifications or other audit or accountants reports, with respect to the business and financial condition of our clients. Our financial condition, results of operations, financial reporting and reputation could be negatively affected if we rely on materially misleading, false, inaccurate or fraudulent information. 
 We are subject to possible claims and litigation pertaining to fiduciary responsibility. 
 34 

From time to time, customers could make claims and take legal action pertaining to our performance of our fiduciary responsibilities. Whether customer claims and legal action related to our performance of our fiduciary responsibilities are founded or unfounded, if such claims and legal actions are not resolved in a manner favorable to us, they may result in significant financial liability and/or adversely affect our market perception of our products and services as well as impact customer demand for those products and services. Any financial liability or reputation damage could have a material adverse effect on our business, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We continually encounter technological change and may have fewer resources than our competitors to continue to invest in technological improvements. 
 The banking and financial services industries are undergoing rapid technological changes with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. In addition to enhancing the level of service provided to customers, the effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to reduce costs. Our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by using technology to provide products and services that enhance customer convenience and create additional efficiencies in operations. Many of our competitors have greater resources to invest in technological improvements and we may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services, which could reduce our ability to effectively compete. 
 Our information systems may experience a failure or interruption. 
 We rely heavily on communications and information systems to conduct our business. Any failure or interruption in the operation of these systems could impair or prevent the effective operation of our customer relationship management, general ledger, deposit, lending or other functions. While we have policies and procedures designed to prevent or limit the effect of a failure or interruption in the operation of our information systems, there can be no assurance that any such failures or interruptions will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. The occurrence of any failures or interruptions impacting our information systems could damage our reputation, result in a loss of customer business and expose us to additional regulatory scrutiny, civil litigation and possible financial liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We use information technology in our operations and offer online banking services to our customers, and unauthorized access to our or our customers confidential or proprietary information as a result of a cyber-attack or otherwise could expose us to reputational harm and litigation and adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers. 
 Information security risks for financial institutions have generally increased in recent years, in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists, activists and other external parties. The financial services industry has seen increases in electronic fraudulent activity, hacking, security breaches, sophisticated social engineering and cyber-attacks, including in the commercial banking sector, as cyber criminals have been targeting commercial bank accounts on an increasing basis. We are under continuous threat of loss due to fraudulent activity, hacking and cyber-attacks, especially as we continue to expand customer capabilities to utilize internet and other remote channels to transact business. 
 Our risk and exposure to these matters remains heightened because of the evolving nature and complexity of these threats from cyber criminals and hackers, our plans to continue to provide internet banking and mobile banking channels and our plans to develop additional remote connectivity solutions to serve our customers. Therefore, the secure processing, transmission and storage of information in connection with our online banking services are critical elements of our operations. However, our network is vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses and other malware, phishing schemes or other security failures. In addition, our customers may use personal smartphones, tablet PCs or other mobile devices that are beyond our control systems in order to access our products and services. Our technologies, systems and networks and our customers devices, may become the target of cyber-attacks, electronic fraud or information security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of our or our customers confidential, proprietary and other information, or otherwise disrupt our or our customers or other third parties business operations. As cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to spend significant capital and other resources to protect against these threats or to alleviate or investigate problems caused by such threats. Our business relies on the secure processing, storage, transmission and retrieval of confidential customer information in our computer and data management systems and networks, and in the computer and data management systems and networks of third parties, and any breaches or unauthorized access to such information could present significant regulatory costs and expose us to litigation and other possible liabilities. Any inability to prevent these types of security threats could also cause existing customers to lose confidence in our systems and could adversely affect our reputation and ability to generate deposits. The occurrence of any cyber-attack or information security breach could result in financial losses or increased costs to us or our clients, disclosure or misuse of confidential information belonging to us or personal or confidential information belonging to our clients, misappropriation of assets, reputational damage, 
 35 

damage to our competitive position and the disruption of our operations, all of which could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. 
 In recent periods, several governmental agencies and large corporations, including financial service organizations and retail companies, have suffered major data breaches, in some cases exposing not only their confidential and proprietary corporate information, but also sensitive financial and other personal information of their clients or clients and their employees or other third parties and subjecting those agencies and corporations to potential fraudulent activity and their clients, clients and other third parties to identity theft and fraudulent activity in their credit card and banking accounts. Therefore, security breaches and cyber-attacks can cause significant increases in operating costs, including the costs and capital expenditures required to correct the deficiencies and strengthen the security of data processing and storage systems. 
 Unfortunately, it is not always possible to anticipate, detect, or recognize these threats to our systems, or to implement effective preventative measures against all breaches, whether those breaches are malicious or accidental. Cyber-security risks for banking organizations have significantly increased in recent years and have been difficult to detect before they occur because, among other reasons: 
 the proliferation of new technologies and the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions; 

these threats arise from numerous sources, not all of which are in our control, including among others, human error, fraud or malice on the part of employees or third parties, accidental technological failure, electrical or telecommunication outages, failures of computer servers or other damage to our property or assets, natural disasters or severe weather conditions, health emergencies or pandemics, or outbreaks of hostilities or terrorist acts; 

the techniques used in cyber-attacks change frequently and may not be recognized until launched or until well after the breach has occurred; 

the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime groups, hackers, terrorist organizations, hostile foreign governments, disgruntled employees or vendors, activists and other external parties, including those involved in corporate espionage; 

the vulnerability of systems to third parties seeking to gain access to such systems either directly or using equipment or security passwords belonging to employees, customers, third-party service providers or other users of our systems; and 

our frequent transmission of sensitive information to, and storage of such information by, third parties, including our vendors and regulators, and possible weaknesses that go undetected in our data systems notwithstanding the testing we conduct of those systems. 

While we invest in systems and processes that are designed to detect and prevent security breaches and cyber-attacks and we conduct periodic tests of our security systems and processes, we may not succeed in anticipating or adequately protecting against or preventing all security breaches and cyber-attacks from occurring. Even the most advanced internal control environment may be vulnerable to compromise. Targeted social engineering attacks are becoming more sophisticated and are extremely difficult to prevent. Additionally, the existence of cyber-attacks or security breaches at third parties with access to our data, such as vendors, may not be disclosed to us in a timely manner. Further, we may not be able to insure against losses related to cyber threats. As cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities or incidents. 
 As is the case with non-electronic fraudulent activity, cyber-attacks or other information or security breaches, whether directed at us or third parties, may result in a material loss or have material consequences. Furthermore, the public perception that a cyber-attack on our systems has been successful, whether or not this perception is correct, may damage our reputation with customers and third parties with whom we do business. A successful penetration or circumvention of system security could cause us negative consequences, including loss of customers and business opportunities, disruption to our operations and business, misappropriation or destruction of our confidential information and/or that of our customers, or damage to our customers and/or third parties computers or systems, and could expose us to additional regulatory scrutiny and result in a violation of applicable privacy laws and other laws, litigation exposure, regulatory fines, penalties or intervention, loss of confidence in our security measures, reputational damage, reimbursement or other compensatory costs, additional compliance costs, and could adversely impact our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. 
 36 

We are dependent upon outside third parties for the processing and handling of our records and data. 
 We rely on software developed by third-party vendors to process various transactions. In some cases, we have contracted with third parties to run their proprietary software on our behalf. These systems include, but are not limited to, general ledger, payroll, employee benefits, loan and deposit processing and securities portfolio accounting. While we perform a review of controls instituted by the applicable vendors over these programs in accordance with industry standards and perform our own testing of user controls, we must rely on the continued maintenance of controls by these third-party vendors, including safeguards over the security of customer data. In addition, we maintain, or contract with third parties to maintain, daily backups of key processing outputs in the event of a failure on the part of any of these systems. Nonetheless, we may incur a temporary disruption in our ability to conduct business or process transactions, or incur damage to our reputation, if the third-party vendor fails to adequately maintain internal controls or institute necessary changes to systems. Such a disruption or breach of security may have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We are subject to losses due to the errors or fraudulent behavior of employees or third parties. 
 We are exposed to many types of operational risk, including the risk of fraud by employees and outsiders, clerical record-keeping errors and transactional errors. Our business is dependent on our employees as well as third-party service providers to process a large number of increasingly complex transactions. We could be materially adversely affected if someone causes a significant operational breakdown or failure, either as a result of human error or where an individual purposefully sabotages or fraudulently manipulates our operations or systems. When we originate loans, we rely upon information supplied by loan applicants and third parties, including the information contained in the loan application, property appraisal and title information, if applicable, and employment and income documentation provided by third parties. If any of this information is misrepresented and such misrepresentation is not detected prior to loan funding, we generally bear the risk of loss associated with the misrepresentation. Any of these occurrences could result in a diminished ability of us to operate our business, potential liability to customers, reputational damage and regulatory intervention, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If our enterprise risk management framework is not effective at mitigating risk and loss to us, we could suffer unexpected losses and our results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 Our enterprise risk management framework seeks to achieve an appropriate balance between risk and return, which is critical to optimizing stockholder value. We have established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor, report and analyze the types of risk to which we are subject, including credit, liquidity, operational, regulatory compliance and reputational. However, as with any risk management framework, there are inherent limitations to our risk management strategies as there may exist, or develop in the future, risks that we have not appropriately anticipated or identified. For example, the recent financial and credit crisis and resulting regulatory reform highlighted both the importance and some of the limitations of managing unanticipated risks. If our risk management framework proves ineffective, we could suffer unexpected losses and our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 Changes in accounting standards could materially impact our financial statements. 
 From time to time, the Financial Accounting Standards Board or the SEC may change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of our financial statements. Such changes may result in us being subject to new or changing accounting and reporting standards. In addition, the bodies that interpret the accounting standards (such as banking regulators, outside auditors or management) may change their interpretations or positions on how these standards should be applied. These changes may be beyond our control, can be hard to predict and can materially impact how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retrospectively or apply an existing standard differently, also retrospectively, in each case resulting in our needing to revise or restate prior period financial statements. 
 If the goodwill that we have recorded or may record in connection with a business acquisition becomes impaired, it could require charges to earnings, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Goodwill represents the amount by which the cost of an acquisition exceeded the fair value of net assets we acquired in connection with the purchase of another financial institution. We review goodwill for impairment at least annually, or more frequently if a triggering event occurs which indicates that the carrying value of the asset might be impaired. There can be no assurance that our future evaluations of our existing goodwill or goodwill we may acquire in the future will not result in findings of impairment and related write-downs, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. For additional information about the Company s impairment assessment process and results see NOTE 7 GOODWILL AND CORE DEPOSIT INTANGIBLES in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 37 

We may be required to repurchase mortgage loans or indemnify buyers against losses in some circumstances, which could harm liquidity, results of operations and financial condition. 
 When mortgage loans are sold, whether as whole loans or pursuant to a securitization, we are required to make customary representations and warranties to purchasers, guarantors and insurers, including government-sponsored enterprises, about the mortgage loans and the manner in which they were originated. We may be required to repurchase or substitute mortgage loans, or indemnify buyers against losses, in the event we breach these representations or warranties. In addition, we may be required to repurchase mortgage loans as a result of early payment default of the borrower on a mortgage loan. With respect to loans that are originated through Equity Bank or correspondent channels, the remedies available against the originating broker or correspondent, if any, may not be as broad as the remedies available to purchasers, guarantors and insurers of mortgage loans against us. We face further risk that the originating broker or correspondent, if any, may not have financial capacity to perform remedies that otherwise may be available. Therefore, if a purchaser, guarantor or insurer enforces its remedies against us, we may not be able to recover losses from the originating broker or correspondent. If repurchase and indemnity demands increase and such demands are valid claims and are in excess of our provision for potential losses, our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 
 Increasing scrutiny and evolving expectations from customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders with respect to our environmental, social and governance practices may impose additional costs on us or expose us to new or additional risks. 
 Companies are facing increasing scrutiny from customers, regulators, investors, and other stakeholders related to their environmental, social and governance ESG practices and disclosure. Investor advocacy groups, investment funds and influential investors are also increasingly focused on these practices, especially as they relate to the environment, health and safety, diversity, labor conditions and human rights. Increased ESG related compliance costs could result in increases to our overall operational costs. Failure to adapt to or comply with regulatory requirements or investor or stakeholder expectations and standards could negatively impact our reputation, ability to do business with certain partners, and our stock price. New government regulations could also result in new or more stringent forms of ESG oversight and expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence, and disclosure. 
 Risks Relating to the Regulation of Our Industry 
 
 We are subject to extensive regulation in the conduct of our business, which imposes additional costs on us and adversely affects our profitability. 
 As a bank holding company, we are subject to federal regulation under the BHC Act, and the examination and reporting requirements of the Federal Reserve. Federal regulation of the banking industry, along with tax and accounting laws, regulations, rules and standards, may limit our operations significantly and control the methods by which we conduct business, as they limit those of other banking organizations. Banking regulations are primarily intended to protect depositors, deposit insurance funds and the banking system as a whole and not stockholders or other creditors. These regulations affect lending practices, capital structure, investment practices, dividend policy and overall growth, among other things. For example, federal and state consumer protection laws and regulations limit the manner in which we may offer and extend credit. In addition, the laws governing bankruptcy generally favor debtors, making it more expensive and more difficult to collect from customers who become subject to bankruptcy proceedings. 
 We also may be required to invest significant management attention and resources to evaluate and make any changes necessary to comply with applicable laws and regulations, particularly as a result of regulations adopted under the Dodd-Frank Act. This allocation of resources, as well as any failure to comply with applicable requirements, may negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 38 

Changes in laws, government regulation and monetary policy may have a material effect on our results of operations. 
 Financial institutions have been the subject of significant legislative and regulatory changes and may be the subject of further significant legislation or regulation in the future, none of which is within our control. New proposals for legislation continue to be introduced in the United States Congress that could further substantially increase regulation of the bank and non-bank financial services industries, impose restrictions on the operations and general ability of firms within the industry to conduct business consistent with historical practices, including in the areas of compensation, interest rates, financial product offerings and disclosures and have an effect on bankruptcy proceedings with respect to consumer residential real estate mortgages, among other things. Federal and state regulatory agencies also frequently adopt changes to their regulations or change the manner in which existing regulations are applied. Changes to statutes, regulations or regulatory policies, including changes in their interpretation or implementation by regulators, could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways. Such changes could, among other things, subject us to additional costs and lower revenues, limit the types of financial services and products that we may offer, ease restrictions on non-banks and thereby enhance their ability to offer competing financial services and products, increase compliance costs and require a significant amount of management s time and attention. Failure to comply with statutes, regulations or policies could result in sanctions by regulatory agencies, civil monetary penalties or reputational damage, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Banking agencies periodically conduct examinations of our business, including compliance with laws and regulations, and our failure to comply with any supervisory actions to which we become subject as a result of such examinations could materially and adversely affect us. 
 We are subject to supervision and regulation by federal and state banking agencies that periodically conduct examinations of our business, including compliance with laws and regulations specifically, our subsidiary, Equity Bank, is subject to examination by the Federal Reserve and the OSBC and we are subject to examination by the Federal Reserve. Accommodating such examinations may require management to reallocate resources, which would otherwise be used in the day-to-day operation of other aspects of our business. If, as a result of an examination, any such banking agency was to determine that the financial condition, capital resources, allowance for credit losses, asset quality, earnings prospects, management, liquidity or other aspects of our operations had become unsatisfactory, or that we or our management were in violation of any law or regulation, such banking agency may take a number of different remedial actions as it deems appropriate. These actions include the power to enjoin unsafe or unsound practices, to require affirmative actions to correct any conditions resulting from any violation or practice, to issue an administrative order that can be judicially enforced, to direct an increase in our capital, to restrict our growth, to assess civil monetary penalties against us, our officers, or directors, to remove officers and directors and, if it is concluded that such conditions cannot be corrected or there is an imminent risk of loss to depositors, to terminate our deposit insurance. If we become subject to such a regulatory action, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our banking subsidiary may be required to pay higher FDIC insurance premiums or special assessments which may adversely affect our earnings. 
 As a member institution of the FDIC, our banking subsidiary, Equity Bank, is assessed a quarterly deposit insurance premium. We are generally unable to control the amount of premiums or special assessments that Equity Bank is required to pay, future bank failures may stress the Deposit Insurance Fund and prompt the FDIC to increase its premiums or to issue special assessments. Any future changes in the calculation or assessment of FDIC insurance premiums may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and our ability to continue to pay dividends on our common stock at the current rate or at all. 
 We are subject to certain capital requirements by regulators. 
 Applicable regulations require us to maintain specific capital standards in relation to the respective credit risks of our assets and off-balance sheet exposures. Various components of these requirements are subject to qualitative judgments by regulators. We maintain a well capitalized status under the current regulatory framework. Our failure to maintain a well capitalized status could affect our customers confidence in us, which could adversely affect our ability to do business. In addition, failure to maintain such status could also result in restrictions imposed by our regulators on our growth and other activities. Any such effect on customers or restrictions by our regulators could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 39 

We are subject to stringent capital requirements, which may adversely impact our return on equity or constrain us from paying dividends or repurchasing shares. 
 Banking institutions are required to hold more capital as a percentage of assets than most industries. Holding high amounts of capital compresses our earnings and constrains growth. In addition, the failure to meet applicable regulatory capital requirements could result in one or more of our regulators placing limitations or conditions on our activities, including our growth initiatives, or restricting the commencement of new activities, and could affect client and investor confidence, our costs of funds and FDIC insurance costs and our ability to make acquisitions and result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 We may need to raise additional capital in the future, including as a result of potential increased minimum capital thresholds established by regulators, but that capital may not be available when it is needed or may be dilutive to stockholders. 
 We are required by federal and state regulatory authorities to maintain adequate capital levels to support our operations. New regulations implementing minimum capital standards could require financial institutions to maintain higher minimum capital ratios and may place a greater emphasis on common equity as a component of Tier 1 capital, which consists generally of stockholders equity and qualifying preferred stock, less certain goodwill items and other intangible assets. In order to support our operations and comply with regulatory standards, we may need to raise capital in the future. Our ability to raise additional capital will depend on conditions in the capital markets at that time, which are outside of our control, and on our financial performance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you of our ability to raise additional capital, if needed, on favorable terms. The capital and credit markets have experienced significant volatility in recent years. In some cases, the markets have produced downward pressure on stock prices and credit availability for certain issuers without regard to those issuers underlying financial strength. If we cannot raise additional capital when needed, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected and our banking regulators may subject us to regulatory enforcement action, including receivership. Furthermore, our issuance of additional shares of our Class A common stock could dilute the economic ownership interest of our Class A stockholders. 
 Stockholders may be deemed to be acting in concert or otherwise in control of us and our bank subsidiary, which could impose prior approval requirements and result in adverse regulatory consequences for such holders. 
 We are a bank holding company regulated by the Federal Reserve. Any entity (including a group composed of natural persons) owning 25 or more of a class of our outstanding shares of voting stock, or a lesser percentage if such holder or group otherwise exercises a controlling influence over us, may be subject to regulation as a bank holding company in accordance with the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended. In addition, (i) any bank holding company or foreign bank with a U.S. presence is required to obtain the approval of the Federal Reserve under the Bank Holding Company Act to acquire or retain 5 or more of a class of our outstanding shares of voting stock, and (ii) any person other than a bank holding company may be required to obtain prior regulatory approval under the Change in Bank Control Act to acquire or retain 10 or more of our outstanding shares of voting stock. Any stockholder that is deemed to control the Company for bank regulatory purposes would become subject to prior approval requirements and ongoing regulation and supervision. Such a holder may be required to divest amounts equal to or exceeding 5 of the voting shares of investments that may be deemed incompatible with bank holding company status, such as an investment in a company engaged in non-financial activities. Regulatory determination of control of a depository institution or holding company is based on all of the relevant facts and circumstances. Potential investors are advised to consult with their legal counsel regarding the applicable regulations and requirements. 
 Shares of our common stock owned by holders determined by a bank regulatory agency to be acting in concert would be aggregated for purposes of determining whether those holders have control of a bank or bank holding company. Each stockholder obtaining control that is a company would be required to register as a bank holding company. Acting in concert generally means knowing participation in a joint activity or parallel action towards the common goal of acquiring control of a bank or a parent company, whether or not pursuant to an express agreement. The manner in which this definition is applied in individual circumstances can vary and cannot always be predicted with certainty. Many factors can lead to a finding of acting in concert, including where: (i) the stockholders are commonly controlled or managed; (ii) the stockholders are parties to an oral or written agreement or understanding regarding the acquisition, voting or transfer of control of voting securities of a bank or bank holding company; (iii) the stockholders are immediate family members; or (iv) both a stockholder and a controlling stockholder, partner, trustee or management official of such stockholder own equity in the bank or bank holding company. 
 40 

We are subject to numerous laws designed to protect consumers, including the Community Reinvestment Act and fair lending laws, and failure to comply with these laws could lead to a wide variety of sanctions. 
 The Community Reinvestment Act, or CRA, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act and other fair lending laws and regulations impose nondiscriminatory lending requirements on financial institutions. The U.S. Department of Justice and other federal agencies are responsible for enforcing these laws and regulations. A successful regulatory challenge to an institution s performance under the CRA or fair lending laws and regulations could result in a wide variety of sanctions, including damages and civil money penalties, injunctive relief, restrictions on mergers and acquisitions activity, restrictions on expansion and restrictions on entering new business lines. Private parties may also have the ability to challenge an institution s performance under fair lending laws in private class action litigation. Such actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
 We are subject to the Bank Secrecy Act and other anti-money laundering statutes and regulations, and any deemed deficiency by us with respect to these laws could result in significant liability. 
 The Bank Secrecy Act, the USA PATRIOT Act of 2001, or the Patriot Act, and other laws and regulations require financial institutions, among other duties, to institute and maintain an effective anti-money laundering program and file suspicious activity and currency transaction reports, when appropriate. In addition to other bank regulatory agencies, the federal Financial Crimes Enforcement Network of the U.S. Treasury, is authorized to impose significant civil money penalties for violations of those requirements and has recently engaged in coordinated enforcement efforts with the state and federal banking regulators, as well as the U.S. Department of Justice, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, Drug Enforcement Administration and Internal Revenue Service, or the IRS. We are also subject to increased scrutiny of compliance with the rules enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury regarding, among other things, the prohibition of transacting business with and the need to freeze assets of, certain persons and organizations identified as a threat to the national security, foreign policy or economy of the United States. If our policies, procedures and systems are deemed deficient, we would be subject to liability, including fines and regulatory actions, which may include restrictions on our ability to pay dividends and the necessity to obtain regulatory approvals to proceed with certain aspects of our business plan, including our acquisition plans. Failure to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing could also have serious reputational consequences for us. Any of these results could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. 
 Many of our new activities and expansion plans require regulatory approvals and failure to obtain them may restrict our growth. 
 We intend to complement and expand our business by pursuing strategic acquisitions of financial institutions and other complementary businesses. Generally, we must receive state and federal regulatory approval before we can acquire an FDIC-insured depository institution or related business. In determining whether to approve a proposed acquisition, federal banking regulators will consider, among other factors, the effect of the acquisition on competition, our financial condition, our future prospects and the impact of the proposal on U.S. financial stability. The regulators also review current and projected capital ratios and levels, the competence, experience and integrity of management and its record of compliance with laws and regulations, the convenience and needs of the communities to be served (including the acquiring institution s record of compliance under the CRA) and the effectiveness of the acquiring institution in combating money laundering activities. Such regulatory approvals may not be granted on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all. We may also be required to sell branches as a condition to receiving regulatory approval, which may not be acceptable to us or, if acceptable to us, may reduce the benefit of any acquisition. 
 The Federal Reserve may require us to commit capital resources to support our subsidiary, Equity Bank. 
 The Federal Reserve requires a bank holding company to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to its subsidiary banks and to commit resources to support its subsidiary banks. Under the source of strength doctrine, the Federal Reserve may require a bank holding company to make capital injections into a troubled subsidiary bank at times when the bank holding company may not be inclined to do so and may charge the bank holding company with engaging in unsafe and unsound practices for failure to commit resources to such a subsidiary bank. Accordingly, we could be required to provide financial assistance to our subsidiary, Equity Bank, if it experiences financial distress. 
 Such a capital injection may be required at a time when our resources are limited, and we may be required to borrow the funds to make the required capital injection. In the event of a bank holding company s bankruptcy, the bankruptcy trustee will assume any commitment by the holding company to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of a subsidiary bank. Moreover, bankruptcy law provides that claims based on any such commitment will be entitled to a priority of payment over the claims of the holding company s general unsecured creditors, including the holders of any note obligations. 
 41 

The laws that regulate our operations are designed for the protection of depositors and the public, not our stockholders. 
 The federal and state laws and regulations applicable to our operations give regulatory authorities extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement responsibilities and generally have been promulgated to protect depositors and the FDIC s DIF and not for the purpose of protecting stockholders. These laws and regulations can materially affect our future business. Laws and regulations now affecting us may be changed at any time and the interpretation of such laws and regulations by bank regulatory authorities is also subject to change. 
 As a bank holding company, the sources of funds available to us are limited. 
 Any future constraints on liquidity at the holding company level could impair our ability to declare and pay dividends on our Class A common stock. In some instances, notice to, or approval from, the Federal Reserve may be required prior to our declaration or payment of dividends. Further, our operations are primarily conducted by our subsidiary, Equity Bank, which is subject to significant regulation. Federal and state banking laws restrict the payment of dividends by banks to their holding companies and Equity Bank will be subject to these restrictions in paying dividends to us. Because our ability to receive dividends or loans from Equity Bank is restricted, our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders is also restricted. 
 Additionally, the right of a bank holding company to participate in the assets of its subsidiary bank in the event of a bank-level liquidation or reorganization is subject to the claims of the bank s creditors, including depositors, which take priority, except to the extent that the holding company may be a creditor with a recognized claim. 
 Risks Relating to the Company s Common Stock 
 The market price of our Class A common stock may be subject to substantial fluctuations which may make it difficult for you to sell your shares at the volumes, prices and times desired. 
 The trading price of our Class A common stock may be volatile, which may make it difficult for you to resell your shares at the volume, prices and times desired. There are many factors that may impact the market price and trading volume of our Class A common stock, including: 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results, financial condition or asset quality; 

market conditions in the broader stock market in general or in our industry in particular; 

publication of research reports about us, our competitors or the bank and non-bank financial services industries generally, or changes in, or failure to meet, securities analysts estimates of our financial and operating performance, or lack of research reports by industry analysts or ceasing of coverage; 

future issuances of our Class A common stock or other securities; 

significant acquisitions or business combinations, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments by or involving our competitors or us; 

additions or departures of key personnel; 

trades of large blocks of our Class A common stock; 

economic and political conditions or events; 

regulatory developments; and 

other news, announcements or disclosures (whether by us or others) related to us, our competitors, our core markets or the bank and non-bank financial services industries. 

The stock market and, in particular, the market for financial institution stocks, have experienced substantial fluctuations in recent years, which in many cases have been unrelated to the operating performance and prospects of particular companies. In addition, significant fluctuations in the trading volume in our Class A common stock may cause significant price variations to occur. Increased market volatility may materially and adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock, which could make it difficult to sell your shares at the volume, prices and times desired. 
 In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of our common stock, securities class action litigation has been instituted. Pending or future securities class action suits against us could result in significant liabilities and, regardless of the outcome, could result in substantial costs and the diversion of our management s attention and resources. 
 42 

The obligations associated with being a public company require significant resources and management attention. 
 As a public company, we face increased legal, accounting, administrative and other costs and expenses that are not incurred by private companies. We subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, which requires that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition and proxy and other information statements, and the rules and regulations implemented by the SEC, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Act, the PCAOB and the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC, each of which imposes additional reporting and other obligations on public companies. As a public company, we are required to: 
 prepare and distribute periodic reports, proxy statements and other stockholder communications in compliance with the federal securities laws and rules; 

expand the roles and duties of our board of directors and committees thereof; 

maintain an enhanced internal audit function; 

institute more comprehensive financial reporting and disclosure compliance procedures; 

involve and retain to a greater degree outside counsel and accountants in the activities listed above; 

enhance our investor relations function; 

establish internal policies, including those relating to trading in our securities and disclosure controls and procedures; 

retain additional personnel; 

comply with the NASDAQ Global Select Market listing standards; and 

comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 

We expect these rules and regulations and changes in laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, which have created uncertainty for public companies, to increase legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time consuming and costly. These laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. Our investment in compliance with existing and evolving regulatory requirements will result in increased administrative expenses and a diversion of management s time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. These increased costs may require us to divert a significant amount of money that we could otherwise use to expand our business and achieve our strategic objectives 
 There is no guarantee that we will declare or pay cash dividends on our common stock. 
 The holders of our common stock will receive dividends if and when declared by our board of directors out of legally available funds. Any future determination relating to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on a number of factors, including our future earnings, capital requirements, financial condition, future prospects, regulatory restrictions and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 Our principal business operations are conducted through our subsidiary, Equity Bank. Cash available to pay dividends to our stockholders is derived primarily, if not entirely, from dividends paid by Equity Bank to us. The ability of Equity Bank to pay dividends to us, as well as our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders, will continue to be subject to and limited by, certain legal and regulatory restrictions. Further, any lenders making loans to us may impose financial covenants that may be more restrictive with respect to dividend payments than the regulatory requirements. 
 If a substantial number of shares become available for sale and are sold in a short period of time, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline. 
 If our existing stockholders sell substantial amounts of our Class A common stock in the public market, the market price of our Class A common stock could decrease significantly. The perception in the public market that our existing stockholders might sell shares of Class A common stock could also depress our market price. A decline in the price of shares of our Class A common stock might impede our ability to raise capital through the issuance of additional shares of our Class A common stock or other equity securities and could result in a decline in the value of the shares of our Class A common stock. 
 43 

Securities analysts may not initiate or continue coverage on our Class A common stock, which could adversely affect the market for our Class A common stock. 
 The trading market for our Class A common stock may depend in part on the research and reports that securities analysts publish about us and our business. We do not have any control over these securities analysts, and they may not cover our Class A common stock. If securities analysts do not cover our Class A common stock, the lack of research coverage may adversely affect our market price. If we are covered by securities analysts and our Class A common stock is the subject of an unfavorable report, the price of our Class A common stock may decline. If one or more of these analysts cease to cover us or fail to publish regular reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause the price or trading volume of our Class A common stock to decline. 
 The trading volume in our common stock is less than other larger financial institutions. 
 Although our Class A common stock is listed for trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the trading volume in our common stock is less than that of other, larger financial services companies. A public trading market having the desired characteristics of depth, liquidity and orderliness depends on the presence in the marketplace of willing buyers and sellers of our Class A common stock at any given time. This presence depends on the individual decisions of investors and general economic and market conditions over which we have no control. Given the lower trading volume of our Class A common stock, significant sales of our Class A common stock or the expectation of these sales, could cause the price of our Class A common stock to decline. 
 Use of our common stock for future acquisitions or to raise capital may be dilutive to existing stockholders. 
 When we determine that appropriate strategic opportunities exist, we may acquire other financial institutions and related businesses, subject to applicable regulatory requirements. We may use our common stock for such acquisitions. We may also seek to raise capital for such acquisitions through selling additional common stock. It is possible that the issuance of additional common stock in such acquisitions or capital transactions may be dilutive to the interests of our existing stockholders. 
 A future issuance of stock could dilute the value of our Class A common stock. 
 We may sell additional shares of Class A common stock, or securities convertible into or exchangeable for such shares, in subsequent public or private offerings. Future issuance of any new shares could cause further dilution in the value of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock. We cannot predict the size of future issuances of our Class A common stock, or securities convertible into or exchangeable for such shares, or the effect, if any, that future issuances and sales of shares of our Class A common stock will have on the market price of our Class A common stock. Sales of substantial amounts of our Class A common stock (including shares issued in connection with an acquisition), or the perception that such sales could occur, may adversely affect prevailing market prices of our Class A common stock. 
 We have significant institutional investors whose interests may differ from yours. 
 A significant portion of our outstanding equity is currently held by various investment funds. These funds could have a significant level of influence because of their level of ownership, including a greater ability than you and our other stockholders to influence the election of directors and the potential outcome of other matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, such as mergers, the sale of substantially all of our assets and other extraordinary corporate matters and affect the votes of our board of directors. The interests of these funds could conflict with the interests of our other stockholders, including you, and any future transfer by these funds of their shares of Class A common stock to other investors who have different business objectives could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects, and the market value of our Class A common stock. 
 Our directors and executive officers beneficially own a significant portion of our Class A common stock and have substantial influence over us. 
 Our directors and executive officers, as a group, beneficially own a significant portion of our Class A common stock. As a result of this beneficial ownership, our directors and executive officers have the ability, by taking coordinated action, to exercise significant influence over our affairs and policies. The interests of our directors and executive officers may not be consistent with your interests as a stockholder. This influence may also have the effect of delaying or preventing changes of control, or changes in management or limiting the ability of our other stockholders to approve transactions that they may deem to be in the best interests of our Company. 
 44 

Shares of our Class A common stock are not insured deposits and may lose value. 
 Shares of our Class A common stock are not savings or deposit accounts and are not insured by the FDIC s DIF or any other agency or private entity. Such shares are subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of some or all of the value of your investment. 
 We have the ability to incur debt and pledge our assets, including our stock in Equity Bank, to secure that debt, and holders of any such debt obligations will generally have priority over holders of our Class A common stock with respect to certain payment obligations. 
 We have the ability to incur debt and pledge our assets to secure that debt. Absent special and unusual circumstances, a holder of indebtedness for borrowed money has rights that are superior to those of holders of Class A common stock. For example, interest must be paid to the lender before dividends can be paid to stockholders and loans must be paid off before any assets can be distributed to stockholders if we were to liquidate. Furthermore, we would have to make principal and interest payments on our indebtedness, which could reduce our profitability or result in net losses on a consolidated basis. 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting and for evaluating and reporting on that system of internal control. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Ensuring that we have adequate disclosure controls and procedures in place, including internal control over financial reporting, so that we can produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis is costly and time-consuming and needs to be reevaluated frequently. As a public company, we are required to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and other rules that govern public companies. Our management is required to certify our compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and to make annual assessments of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. In addition, our independent registered public accounting firm is required to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Our management may conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is not effective due to our failure to cure any identified material weakness or otherwise. Moreover, even if our management concludes that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, our independent registered public accounting firm may not conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective. In the future, our independent registered public accounting firm may not be satisfied with our internal control over financial reporting or the level at which our controls are documented, designed, operated or reviewed, or it may interpret the relevant requirements differently from us. In addition, during the course of the evaluation, documentation and testing of our internal control over financial reporting, we may identify deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls. Any such deficiencies may also subject us to adverse regulatory consequences. If we fail to achieve and maintain the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls, as these standards are modified, supplemented or amended from time to time, we may be unable to report our financial information on a timely basis, we may not be able to conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and we may suffer adverse regulatory consequences or violations of listing standards. There could also be a negative reaction in the financial markets due to a loss of investor confidence in the reliability of our financial statements. 
 Our corporate governance documents and certain corporate and banking laws applicable to us could make a takeover more difficult. 
 Certain provisions of our Articles of Incorporation and our Bylaws and applicable corporate and federal banking laws, could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us or conduct a proxy contest, even if those events were perceived by many of our stockholders as beneficial to their interests. These provisions and the corporate and banking laws and regulations applicable to us, among others: 
 empower our board of directors, without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock, the terms of which, including voting power, are set by our board of directors; 

only permit stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of stockholders and not by written consent in lieu of such a meeting; 

provide for a classified board of directors, so that only approximately one-third of our directors are elected each year; 

prohibit us from engaging in certain business combinations with interested stockholders (generally defined as a holder of 15 or more of the corporation s outstanding voting stock); 

45 

require at least 120 days advance notice of nominations for the election of directors and the presentation of stockholder proposals at meetings of stockholders; and 

require prior regulatory application and approval of any transaction involving control of our organization. 

These provisions may discourage potential acquisition proposals and could delay or prevent a change in control, including under circumstances in which our stockholders might otherwise receive a premium over the market price of our shares. 
 Our board of directors may issue shares of preferred stock that would adversely affect the rights of our Class A common stockholders. 
 Our authorized capital stock includes 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock of which none were issued and outstanding as of March 9, 2023. Our board of directors, in its sole discretion, may designate and issue one or more series of preferred stock from the authorized and unissued shares of preferred stock. Subject to limitations imposed by law or our Articles of Incorporation, our board of directors is empowered to determine: 
 the designation of, and the number of, shares constituting each series of preferred stock; 

the dividend rate for each series; 

the terms and conditions of any voting, conversion and exchange rights for each series; 

the amounts payable on each series on redemption or our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up; 

the provisions of any sinking fund for the redemption or purchase of shares of any series; and 

the preferences and the relative rights among the series of preferred stock. 

We could issue preferred stock with voting and conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting power of the shares of our Class A common stock and with preferences over our Class A common stock with respect to dividends and in liquidation. 
 The return on your investment in our Class A common stock is uncertain. 
 We cannot provide any assurance that an investor in our Class A common stock will realize a substantial return on his or her investment, or any return at all. Further, as a result of the uncertainty and risks associated with our operations, many of which are described in this Item 1A Risk Factors section, it is possible that an investor could lose his or her entire investment. 
 General Risks 
 We operate in a highly competitive industry and face significant competition from other financial institutions and financial services providers that could decrease our growth or profits. 
 Consumer and commercial banking are highly competitive industries. Our market areas contain not only a large number of community and regional banks, but also a significant presence of the country s largest commercial banks. We compete with other state and national financial institutions, as well as savings and loan associations, savings banks and credit unions, for deposits and loans. In addition, we compete with financial intermediaries, such as consumer finance companies, commercial finance companies, mortgage banking companies, insurance companies, securities firms, mutual funds and several government agencies, as well as major retailers, all actively engaged in providing various types of loans and other financial services. Some of these competitors may have a long history of successful operations in our market areas and greater ties to local businesses and more expansive banking relationships, as well as more established depositor bases, fewer regulatory constraints and lower cost structures than we do. Competitors with greater resources may possess an advantage through their ability to maintain numerous banking locations in more convenient sites, to conduct more extensive promotional and advertising campaigns or to operate a more developed technology platform. Due to their size, many competitors may offer a broader range of products and services, as well as better pricing for certain products and services than we can offer. For example, in a low interest rate environment, competitors with lower costs of capital may solicit our customers to refinance their loans with a lower interest rate. Further, increased competition among financial services companies due to the recent consolidation of certain competing financial institutions may adversely affect our ability to market our products and services. Technology has lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for banks to compete in our market areas without a retail footprint by offering competitive rates and for non-banks to offer products and services traditionally provided by banks. 
 The financial services industry could become even more competitive as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological changes and continued consolidation. Banks, securities firms and insurance companies can merge under the umbrella of a financial 
 46 

holding company, which can offer virtually any type of financial service, including banking, securities underwriting, insurance (both agency and underwriting) and merchant banking. 
 Our ability to compete successfully depends on a number of factors, including: 
 our ability to develop, maintain and build upon long-term customer relationships based on quality service and high ethical standards; 

our ability to attract and retain qualified employees to operate our business effectively; 

our ability to expand our market position; 

the scope, relevance and pricing of products and services that we offer to meet customer needs and demands; 

the rate at which we introduce new products and services relative to our competitors; 

customer satisfaction with our level of service; and 

industry and general economic trends. 

Failure to perform in any of these areas could significantly weaken our competitive position, which could adversely affect our growth and profitability, which, in turn, could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 As a community bank, our ability to maintain our reputation is critical to the success of our business, and the failure to do so may materially adversely affect our performance. 
 We are a community bank and our reputation is one of the most valuable components of our business. As such, we strive to conduct our business in a manner that enhances our reputation. This is done, in part, by recruiting, hiring and retaining employees who share our core values of being an integral part of the communities we serve, delivering superior service to our customers and caring about our customers and associates. If our reputation is negatively affected by the actions of our employees or otherwise, our business and therefore, our operating results may be materially adversely affected. Further, negative public opinion can expose us to litigation and regulatory action as we seek to implement our growth strategy. 
 We are subject to environmental risks in our lending activities. 
 Because a significant portion of our loan portfolio is secured by real property, we may foreclose upon and take title to such property in the ordinary course of business. If hazardous substances are found on such property, we could be liable for remediation costs, as well as for personal injury and property damage. Environmental laws might require us to incur substantial expenses, materially reduce the property s value or limit our ability to use or sell the property. Although management has policies requiring environmental reviews before loans secured by real property are made and before foreclosure is commenced, it is still possible that environmental risks might not be detected and that the associated costs might have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Adverse weather or man-made events could negatively affect our markets or disrupt our operations, which could have an adverse effect upon our business and results of operations. 
 A significant portion of our business is generated in our Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma markets, which have been, and may continue to be, susceptible to natural disasters, such as tornadoes, droughts, floods and other severe weather events. These natural disasters could negatively impact regional economic conditions, cause a decline in the value or destruction of mortgaged properties and increase the risk of delinquencies, foreclosures or loss on loans originated by us, damage our banking facilities and offices and negatively impact our growth strategy. Such weather events could disrupt operations, result in damage to properties and negatively affect the local economies in the markets where we operate. We cannot predict whether, or to what extent, damage that may be caused by future weather or man-made events will affect our operations or the economies in our current or future market areas, but such events could negatively impact economic conditions in these regions and result in a decline in local loan demand and loan originations, a decline in the value or destruction of properties securing our loans and an increase in delinquencies, foreclosures or credit losses. Our business or results of operations may be adversely affected by these and other negative effects of natural or man-made disasters. Further, severe weather, natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism and other external events could adversely affect us in a number of ways, including an increase in delinquencies, bankruptcies or defaults that could result in a higher level of nonperforming assets, net charge-offs and provision for credit losses. Such risks could also impair the value of collateral securing loans and hurt our deposit base. 
 47 

We are or may become involved from time to time in suits, legal proceedings, information-gathering requests, investigations and proceedings by governmental and self-regulatory agencies that may lead to adverse consequences. 
 Many aspects of our business involve substantial risk of legal liability. We have been named or threatened to be named as defendants in various lawsuits arising from our business activities (and in some cases from the activities of companies that we have acquired) including, but not limited to, consumer residential real estate mortgages. In addition, from time to time, we are, or may become, the subject of governmental and self-regulatory agency information-gathering requests, reviews, investigations and proceedings and other forms of regulatory inquiry, including by bank regulatory agencies, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the SEC and law enforcement authorities. The results of such proceedings could lead to significant civil or criminal penalties, including monetary penalties, damages, adverse judgments, settlements, fines, injunctions, restrictions on the way in which we conduct our business or reputational harm. 
 We are subject to claims and litigation pertaining to intellectual property. 
 We rely on technology companies to provide information technology products and services necessary to support our day-to-day operations. Technology companies frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of patent infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. In addition, patent holding companies seek to monetize patents they have purchased or otherwise obtained. Competitors of our vendors, or other individuals or companies, have from time to time claimed to hold intellectual property sold to us by its vendors. Such claims may increase in the future as the financial services sector becomes more reliant on information technology vendors. The plaintiffs in these actions frequently seek injunctions and substantial damages. 
 Regardless of the scope or validity of such patents or other intellectual property rights, or the merits of any claims by potential or actual litigants, we may have to engage in litigation that could be expensive, time-consuming, disruptive to our operations and distracting to management. If we are found to infringe one or more patents or other intellectual property rights, we may be required to pay substantial damages or royalties to a third-party. In certain cases, we may consider entering into licensing agreements for disputed intellectual property, although no assurance can be given that such licenses can be obtained on acceptable terms or that litigation will not occur. These licenses may also significantly increase our operating expenses. If legal matters related to intellectual property claims were resolved against us or settled, we could be required to make payments in amounts that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We have pledged all of the stock of Equity Bank as collateral for a loan, and if the lender forecloses, you could lose your investment. 
 We have pledged all of the stock of Equity Bank as collateral for a third-party loan, which had no balance as of December 31, 2022. This loan has a maximum lending commitment of 25.0 million. This loan was renewed subsequent to December 31, 2022, that set a new maturity date of February 10, 2024. If we were to default on this indebtedness, the lender of such loan could foreclose on Equity Bank s stock and we would lose our principal asset. In that event, if the value of Equity Bank s stock is less than the amount of the indebtedness, you would lose the entire amount of your investment. 
 We have outstanding subordinated debt obligations, and if the Company defaults on those obligations, the debt holders could lose their investment. 
 In the event of default, the Company s senior debt holders will be entitled to receive payment in full prior to payment of subordinated debt holders. If the company s distributable assets in the event of default can only repay the senior debt holders the subordinated debt holders could lose their investment. 
 
 48 

Item 1B: Unresolve d Staff Comments 
 None 
 
 Item 2: Pr operties 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 7701 East Kellogg Drive, Wichita, Kansas 67207. Including our principal executive offices, as of December 31, 2022, we operated a total of 64 branches, consisting of seven branches in the Wichita, Kansas metropolitan area, seven branches in the Kansas City metropolitan area, two branches in Topeka, Kansas, eleven branches in Western Missouri, seven branches in Western Kansas, four branches in Southeast Kansas, seven branches in Southwest Kansas, five branches in Central Kansas, two branches in North Central Kansas, five branches in Northern Arkansas, one branch in the Tulsa, Oklahoma metropolitan area, four branches in Northern Oklahoma and two branches in Western Oklahoma. Most of Equity Bank s branches are equipped with automated teller machines and drive-through facilities. We believe all of our facilities are suitable for our operational needs. The following table summarizes pertinent details of our principal executive offices and branches, as of December 31, 2022. 

Address 
 
 Owned/Leased 

Principal Executive Office and Wichita Branch: 

7701 East Kellogg Drive Wichita, Kansas 67207 
 
 Owned 

Branches as of December 31, 2022 

Owned 
 
 56 

Leased (1) 
 
 7 

(1) Included in this category is one branch in which the building is owned but the land is on a long-term lease expiring in January 2030. 

Item 3: Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time we are party to various litigation matters incidental to the conduct of our business. See NOTE 23 LEGAL MATTERS of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 8 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a complete discussion of litigation matters. 

Item 4: Mine Saf ety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 49 

Part II 
 Item 5: Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Sto ckholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information and Common Equity Holders 
 Our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Markets under the symbol EQBK . At February 28, 2023, there were 15,798,252 shares of our Class A common stock, outstanding and 265 stockholders of record for the Company s Class A common stock. At February 28, 2023, no shares of our Class B common stock were outstanding. 
 Dividend Policy 
 Our future determination to pay dividends on our common stock will be made by our board of directors and will depend on a number of factors, including: 
 our historical and projected financial condition, liquidity and results of operations; 

our capital levels and requirements; 

statutory and regulatory prohibitions and other limitations; 

any contractual restriction on our ability to pay cash dividends, including pursuant to the terms of any of our credit agreements or other borrowing arrangements; 

our business strategy; 

tax considerations; 

any acquisitions or potential acquisitions that we may examine; 

general economic conditions; and 

other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. 

We are not obligated to pay dividends on our common stock. 
 As a Kansas corporation, we are subject to certain restrictions on dividends under the Kansas General Corporation Code. Generally, a Kansas corporation may pay dividends to its stockholders out of its surplus or, if there is no surplus, out of its net profits for the fiscal year in which the dividend is declared or the preceding fiscal year, or both. In addition, if the capital of a Kansas corporation is diminished by depreciation in the value of its property, or by losses or otherwise, to an amount less than the aggregate amount of the capital represented by the issued and outstanding stock of all classes having a preference upon the distribution of assets, the directors of such corporation cannot declare and pay out of such net profits any dividends upon any shares of any classes of its capital stock until the deficiency in the amount of capital represented by the issued and outstanding stock of all classes having a preference upon the distribution of assets is repaired. We are also subject to certain restrictions on the payment of cash dividends as a result of banking laws, regulations and policies. For more information, see Item 1 Supervision and Regulation Banking Regulation Standards for Safety and Soundness. 
 Since we are a bank holding company and do not engage directly in business activities of a material nature, our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders depends, in large part, upon our receipt of dividends from Equity Bank, which is also subject to numerous limitations on the payment of dividends under federal and state banking laws, regulations and policies. The present and future dividend policy of Equity Bank is subject to the discretion of its board of directors. Equity Bank is not obligated to pay dividends. 
 If Equity Bank is significantly undercapitalized under the applicable federal bank capital standards, or if Equity Bank is undercapitalized and has failed to submit an acceptable capital restoration plan or has materially failed to implement such a plan, the FDIC may choose to require Equity Bank to receive prior approval from the Federal Reserve for any capital distribution. In addition, Equity Bank generally is prohibited from making a capital distribution if such distribution would cause Equity Bank to be undercapitalized under applicable federal bank capital standards. For more information, see Item 7 Supervision and Regulation Banking Regulation Standards for Safety and Soundness. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 
 The following table presents shares of our common stock that may be issued with respect to compensation plans at December 31, 2022. 
 50 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) 

Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) 

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column a) (c) 

Equity compensation plans - stock options 

379,096 

27.72 

Equity compensation plans - restricted stock units 

337,250 

Equity compensation plans - available 

716,346 

757,789 

Equity compensation plans - employee stock purchase plan 

383,702 

Equity compensation plans 

716,346 

1,141,491 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

Total 

716,346 

27.72 

1,141,491 

All securities remaining available for future issuance were available under our 2022 Omnibus Equity Plan as of December 31, 2022. 
 51 

On April 26, 2022, the Company's shareholders approved the Company s 2022 Omnibus Equity Plan (the Plan) to reserve 760,000 shares for the grant of non-qualified stock options, restricted stock units, restricted stock and unrestricted stock to its employees and directors. The Plan replaced the Amended and Restated 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (2013 Plan). There were pour over shares available in the new plan from the previous plan due to forfeiture, cancellation, and expiration after the effective date. For the year ended December 31, 2022, there were pour over shares of 49,961 from our Amended and Restated 2013 Stock Incentive Plan, which are included in the available RSU balance at December 31, 2022. 
 On January 27, 2019, the Company s Board of Directors adopted the Equity Bancshares, Inc. 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP and reserved 500,000 shares of common stock for issuance. The ESPP was approved by the Company s stockholders on April 24, 2019. The ESPP enables eligible employees to purchase the Company s common stock at a price per share equal to 85 of the lower of the fair market value of the common stock at the beginning or end of each offering period. At December 31, 2022 there were 383,702 shares available under the employee stock purchase plan for future issuance . 
 Performance Graph 
 The following performance graph compares total stockholders return on the Company s common stock for the period beginning at the close of trading December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2022, with the cumulative total return of the NASDAQ Composite Index and the NASDAQ Bank Index for the same period. Cumulative total return is computed by dividing the difference between the Company s share price at the end and the beginning of the measurement period by the share price at the beginning of the measurement period, including reinvestment of dividends. The performance graph assumes 100 is invested on December 31, 2017, in the Company s common stock, the NASDAQ Composite Index and the NASDAQ Bank Index. Historical stock price performance is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 
 None 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 Repurchase of Common Stock 
 On September 16, 2022, the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City advised the Company that it had no objection to the Company s authorization of its repurchase of up to an additional 1,000,000 shares of the Company s Class A Voting common stock, par value 0.01 per share, from time to time, beginning October 1, 2022, and concluding September 30, 2023. 
 52 

On October 20, 2021, the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City advised the Company that it had no objection to the Company s authorization of its repurchase of up to an additional 1,000,000 shares of the Company s Class A Voting common stock, par value 0.01 per share, from time to time, beginning October 30, 2021, and concluding October 29, 2022. 
 The following table presents shares that were repurchased under the repurchase program during the fourth quarter of 2022. 

Plan beginning October 1, 2022 to September 30, 2023 

Period 
 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased 

Average Price Paid per Share 

Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Repurchase Plan 

Maximum Number of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plan (1) 

October 1, 2022 through October 31, 2022 

110,064 

32.05 

110,064 

889,936 

November 1, 2022 through November 30, 2022 

17,558 

35.99 

17,558 

872,378 

December 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022 

36,105 

35.94 

36,105 

836,273 

Total 

163,727 

33.33 

163,727 

836,273 

(1)Represents shares that may be repurchased under the 2022 repurchase plan 
 53 

Item 6 : Reserved 
 
 54 

Item 7: Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our future plans, estimates, beliefs and expected performance. We caution that assumptions, expectations, projections, intentions or beliefs about future events may, and often do, vary from actual results and the differences can be material. See Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. Also, see the risk factors and other cautionary statements described under the heading Item 1A Risk Factors included in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We do not undertake any obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements except as otherwise required by applicable law. 
 This discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operation includes the following sections: 
 Table containing selected financial data and ratios for the periods; 

Overview; 

Critical Accounting Policies a discussion of accounting policies that require critical estimates and assumptions; 

Results of Operations an analysis of our operating results, including disclosures about the sustainability of our earnings; 

Financial Condition an analysis of our financial position; 

Liquidity and Capital Resources an analysis of our cash flows and capital position; and 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures reconciliation of non-GAAP measures. 

55 

Years Ended December 31, 

(Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

Statement of Income Data 

Interest and dividend income 

188,248 

157,368 

155,561 

175,499 

161,556 

Interest expense 

25,418 

14,789 

22,909 

49,641 

36,758 

Net interest income 

162,830 

142,579 

132,652 

125,858 

124,798 

Provision (reversal) for credit losses 

125 

(8,480) 

24,255 

18,354 

3,961 

Net gain on acquisition 

962 

585 

2,145 

Net gain (loss) from securities transactions 

5 

406 

11 

14 

(9) 

Other non-interest income 

34,990 

31,851 

23,867 

24,974 

19,734 

Merger expense 

594 

9,189 

299 

915 

7,462 

Goodwill impairment 

104,831 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

372 

Other non-interest expense 

127,786 

109,904 

103,860 

98,720 

86,925 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

70,282 

64,436 

(74,570) 

32,857 

46,175 

Provision for income taxes 

12,594 

11,956 

400 

7,278 

10,350 

Net income (loss) 

57,688 

52,480 

(74,970) 

25,579 

35,825 

Net income (loss) allocable to common stockholders 

57,688 

52,480 

(74,970) 

25,579 

35,825 

Basic earnings (loss) per share 

3.56 

3.49 

(4.97) 

1.64 

2.33 

Diluted earnings (loss) per share 

3.51 

3.43 

(4.97) 

1.61 

2.28 

Balance Sheet Data (at period end) 

Cash and cash equivalents 

104,428 

259,954 

280,698 

89,291 

192,818 

Securities available-for-sale 

1,184,390 

1,327,442 

871,827 

142,067 

168,875 

Securities held-to-maturity 

1,948 

769,059 

748,356 

Loans held for sale 

349 

4,214 

12,394 

5,933 

2,972 

Gross loans held for investment 

3,311,548 

3,155,627 

2,591,696 

2,556,652 

2,575,408 

Allowance for credit losses 

45,847 

48,365 

33,709 

12,232 

11,454 

Loans held for investment, net of allowance for credit losses 

3,265,701 

3,107,262 

2,557,987 

2,544,420 

2,563,954 

Goodwill and core deposit intangibles, net 

63,697 

69,344 

47,658 

156,339 

153,437 

Mortgage servicing asset, net 

176 

276 

5 

11 

Naming rights, net 

1,044 

1,087 

1,130 

1,174 

1,217 

Total assets 

4,981,651 

5,137,631 

4,013,356 

3,949,578 

4,061,716 

Total deposits 

4,241,807 

4,420,004 

3,447,590 

3,063,516 

3,123,447 

Borrowings 

281,734 

151,891 

133,857 

383,632 

464,676 

Total liabilities 

4,571,593 

4,637,000 

3,605,707 

3,471,518 

3,605,775 

Total stockholders equity 

410,058 

500,631 

407,649 

478,060 

455,941 

Tangible common equity 

345,141 

429,924 

358,861 

320,542 

301,276 

Performance ratios 

Return on average assets (ROAA) 

1.15 

1.18 

(1.87) 

0.64 

1.00 

Return on average equity (ROAE) 

13.08 

11.75 

(16.14) 

5.52 

8.52 

Return on average tangible common equity (ROATCE) 

16.35 

14.10 

8.27 

9.22 

13.43 

Yield on loans 

4.98 

4.77 

5.00 

5.73 

5.74 

Cost of interest-bearing deposits 

0.53 

0.30 

0.66 

1.53 

1.15 

Net interest margin 

3.51 

3.44 

3.63 

3.48 

3.81 

Efficiency ratio 

64.60 

63.01 

66.36 

65.45 

60.14 

Non-interest income / average assets 

0.72 

0.74 

0.65 

0.63 

0.55 

Non-interest expense / average assets 

2.56 

2.70 

5.23 

2.50 

2.62 

Dividend payout ratio 

10.26 

4.84 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Capital Ratios 

Tier 1 Leverage Ratio 

9.61 

9.09 

9.30 

9.02 

8.60 

Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio 

12.26 

12.03 

12.82 

11.63 

10.95 

Tier 1 Risk Based Capital Ratio 

12.88 

12.67 

13.37 

12.15 

11.45 

Total Risk Based Capital Ratio 

16.08 

15.96 

17.35 

12.59 

11.86 

Equity / Assets 

8.23 

9.74 

10.16 

12.10 

11.23 

Book value per share 

25.74 

29.87 

28.04 

30.95 

28.87 

Tangible book value per share 

21.67 

25.65 

24.68 

20.75 

19.08 

Tangible common equity to tangible assets 

7.02 

8.48 

9.05 

8.45 

7.71 

Indicates non-GAAP financial measure. Please see Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Non-GAAP Financial Measures for reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP measure. 
 56 

Overview 
 We are a financial holding company headquartered in Wichita, Kansas. Our wholly-owned banking subsidiary, Equity Bank, provides a broad range of financial services primarily to businesses and business owners as well as individuals through our network of 65 full-service branches located in Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma. As of December 31, 2022, we had, on a consolidated basis, total assets of 4.98 billion, total deposits of 4.24 billion, total loans held for investment, net of allowances, of 3.27 billion and total stockholders equity of 410.1 million. Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 57.7 million, compared to net income of 52.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 History and Background 
 From 2003 through 2022, we completed a series of twenty acquisitions, two charter consolidations and two branch dispositions. We seek to integrate the banks we acquire into our existing operational platform and enhance stockholder value through the creation of efficiencies within the combined operations. In conjunction with our strategic acquisition growth, we strive to reposition and improve the loan portfolio and deposit mix of the banks we acquire. Following our acquisitions, we focus on identifying and disposing of problematic loans and replacing them with higher quality loans generated organically. In addition, we concentrate on growth in our commercial loan portfolio, which we believe generally offers higher return opportunities than our consumer loan portfolio, primarily by hiring additional talented bankers, particularly in our metropolitan markets, and incentivizing our bankers to expand their commercial banking relationships. We also seek to increase our most attractive deposit accounts primarily by growing deposits in our community markets and cross selling our depository products to our loan customers. 
 Our principal objective is to continually increase stockholder value and generate consistent earnings growth by expanding our commercial banking franchise both organically and through strategic acquisitions. We believe our strategy of selectively acquiring and integrating community banks has provided us with economies of scale and improved our overall franchise efficiency. We expect to continue to pursue strategic acquisitions and believe our targeted market areas present us with many and varied acquisition opportunities. We are also focused on continuing to grow organically and believe the markets in which we operate currently provide meaningful opportunities to expand our commercial customer base and increase our current market share. We believe our geographic footprint, which is strategically split between growing metropolitan markets, such as Kansas City, Tulsa and Wichita, and stable community markets within Western Kansas, Western Missouri, Topeka, Northern Arkansas and Northern Oklahoma, provides us with access to low cost stable core deposits in community markets that we can use to fund commercial loan growth in our metropolitan markets. We strive to provide an enhanced banking experience for our customers by providing them with a comprehensive suite of sophisticated banking products and services tailored to meet their needs, while delivering the high-quality relationship-based customer service of a community bank. 
 Highlights for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Net income of 57.7 million, or 3.51 diluted earnings per share, for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to net income of 52.5 million, or 3.43 diluted earnings per share, for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 5.2 million, or 9.9 . 

Dividends declared of 5.8 million, or 0.36 per share, for the year ended December 31, 2022 representing a full year of dividends, compared to 2.5 million, or 0.16 per share, for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Net interest income of 162.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to net interest income of 142.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 20.2 million, or 14.2 . 

Total loans held for investment of 3.31 billion at December 31, 2022, compared to 3.16 billion at December 31, 2021, an increase of 155.9 million, or 4.9 . 

Total nonperforming assets of 18.2 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 66.0 million at December 31, 2021, a decrease of 47.8 million, or 72.4 . 

Return on average equity of 13.08 at December 31, 2022, compared to 11.75 at December 31, 2021, an increase of 1.3 . 

Return on average tangible common equity of 16.35 at December 31, 2022, compared to 14.10 at December 31, 2021, an increase of 2.3 . 

Critical Accounting Policies 
 57 

The preparation of our financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make a number of judgments and assumptions that affect our reported results and disclosures. Several of our accounting policies are inherently subject to valuation assumptions and other subjective assessments and are more critical than others in terms of their importance to results. Changes in any of the estimates and assumptions underlying critical accounting policies could have a material effect on our financial statements. Our accounting policies are described in NOTE 1 NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The accounting policies that management believes are the most critical to an understanding of our financial condition and results of operations and require complex management judgment are described below. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses: The allowance for credit losses for loans represents management s estimate of all expected credit losses over the expected contractual life of our loan portfolio. This assessment includes procedures to estimate the allowance and test the adequacy and appropriateness of the resulting balance. The level of the allowance is based upon management s evaluation of historical default and loss experience, current and projected economic conditions, asset quality trends, known and inherent risks in the portfolio, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay a loan (including the timing of future payments), the estimated value of any underlying collateral, composition of the loan portfolio, industry and peer bank loan quality indications and other pertinent factors, including regulatory recommendations. The level of the allowance for credit losses maintained by management is believed adequate to absorb all expected future losses inherent in the loan portfolio at the balance sheet date; however, determining the appropriateness of the allowance is complex and requires judgment by management about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. The actual realized facts and circumstances may be different than those currently estimated by management and may result in significant changes in the allowance for credit losses in future periods. The allowance for credit losses for loans, as reported in our consolidated balance sheets, is adjusted by provision for credit losses, which is recognized in earnings and is reduced by the charge-off amounts, net of recoveries. 
 The Company utilizes primarily two methods for estimating the allowance for credit losses and the method used depends on the status of the underlying loans. Non-performing loans primarily utilize a collateral specific fair value impairment method and performing loans primarily utilize a historical loss method. The performing loan method utilizes a probability of default (PD) and loss given default (LGD) modeling approach for historical loss coupled with a macroeconomic factor analysis derived from a statistical regression of loss experience correlated to changes in economic factors for all commercial banks operating within our geographical footprint. The macroeconomic regression is based on a multivariate approach and includes key indicators that provide the highest cumulative adjusted R-square figure. Economic factors include, but are not limited to, national unemployment, gross domestic product, market interest rates and property pricing indices. To arrive at the most predictive calculation, a lag factor was applied to these inputs, resulting in current and historic economic inputs driving the projection of loss over our reasonable and supportable forecast period, which management has defined as 12 months for all portfolio segments. Following the reasonable and supportable forecast period, loss experience immediately reverts to the current historical loss experience of the Company. The estimated loan losses for all loan segments are adjusted for changes in qualitative factors not inherently considered in the quantitative analyses. The qualitative categories and the measurements used to quantify the risks within each of these categories are subjectively selected by management but measured by objective measurements period over period. The current period measurements are evaluated and assigned a factor commensurate with the current level of risk relative to past measurements over time. The resulting qualitative adjustments are applied to the relevant collectively evaluated loan portfolios. These adjustments are based upon quarterly trend assessments in projected economic sentiment, portfolio concentrations, policy exceptions, personnel retention, independent loan review results, collateral considerations, risk ratings and competition. The qualitative allowance allocation, as determined by the processes noted above, is increased or decreased for each loan segment based on the assessment of these various qualitative factors. The resultant loss rates are applied to the estimated future exposure at default (EAD), as determined based on contractual amortization terms through an average default month and estimated prepayment experience in arriving at the quantitative reserve within our allowance for credit losses. 
 The allowance represents management s best estimate, but significant changes in circumstances relating to loan quality and economic conditions could result in significantly different results than what is reflected in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. Likewise, an improvement in loan quality or economic conditions may allow for a further reduction in the required allowance. Changing credit conditions would be expected to impact realized losses driving variability in specifically assessed allowances, as well as calculated quantitative and more subjectively analyzed qualitative factors. Depending on the volatility in these conditions, material impacts could be realized within the Company s operations. Likewise, changing economic conditions, both positive and negative, to the extent significant could result in unexpected realization of provision or reversal of allowance for credit losses due to its impact on the quantitative and qualitative inputs to the Company s calculation. Under the CECL methodology, the impact of these conditions has the potential to further exacerbate periodic differences due to its life of loan perspective. The life of loans calculated under the methodology is based in contractual duration and modified for prepayment expectations, making significant variation in periodic results possible due to changing contractual or adjusted duration of the assets within the calculation. 
 58 

Goodwill: Goodwill results from business acquisitions and represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of acquired tangible assets and liabilities and identifiable intangible assets. Goodwill is assessed at least annually for impairment and any such impairment is recognized and expensed in the period identified. Goodwill will be assessed more frequently if a triggering event occurs which indicates that the carrying value of the asset might be impaired. We have selected December 31 as the date to perform our annual goodwill impairment test. Goodwill is the only intangible asset with an indefinite useful life. For the year ended December 31, 2022, management performed a qualitative analysis and has determined that there was not evidence of a triggering event during the period then ended. Based on this qualitative analysis and conclusion, it was determined that a more robust quantitative assessment was not necessary at our measurement date. 
 For additional information see NOTE 1 NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES and NOTE 7 GOODWILL AND CORE DEPOSIT INTANGIBLES in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Results of Operations 
 We generate most of our revenue from interest income and fees on loans, interest and dividends on investment securities and non-interest income, such as service charges and fees, debit card income and mortgage banking income. We incur interest expense on deposits and other borrowed funds and non-interest expense, such as salaries and employee benefits and occupancy expenses. 
 Changes in interest rates earned on interest-earning assets or incurred on interest-bearing liabilities, as well as the volume and types of interest-earning assets, interest-bearing and non-interest-bearing liabilities and stockholders equity, are usually the largest drivers of periodic change in net interest income. Fluctuations in interest rates are driven by many factors, including governmental monetary policies, inflation, deflation, macroeconomic developments, changes in unemployment, the money supply, political and international circumstances and domestic and foreign financial markets. Periodic changes in the volume and types of loans in our loan portfolio are affected by, among other factors, economic and competitive conditions in Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma, as well as developments affecting the consumer, commercial and real estate sectors within these markets. 
 For information comparing our results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021, to year ended December 31, 2020, see Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 9, 2022. 
 Net Income 
 Year ended December 31, 2022, compared with year ended December 31, 2021 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, there was net income allocable to common stockholders of 57.7 million, compared to a net income allocable to common stockholders of 52.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 5.2 million. This change was primarily driven by increases in net interest income after provision for loan losses of 11.6 million and non-interest income of 3.1 million, partially offset by an increase in non-interest expense of 8.9 million. The changes in the components of net income are discussed in more detail below in the following sections of Results of Operations. 
 Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margin Analysis 
 Net interest income is the difference between interest income on interest-earning assets, including loans and securities, and interest expense incurred on interest-bearing liabilities, including deposits and other borrowed funds. To evaluate net interest income, management measures and monitors (1) yields on loans and other interest-earning assets, (2) the costs of deposits and other funding sources, (3) the net interest spread and (4) net interest margin. Net interest spread is the difference between rates earned on interest-earning assets and rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest margin is calculated as net interest income divided by average interest-earning assets. Because non-interest-bearing sources of funds, such as non-interest-bearing deposits and stockholders equity also fund interest-earning assets, net interest margin includes the benefit of these non-interest-bearing sources of funds. Net interest income is affected by changes in the amount and mix of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, referred to as a volume change, and it is also affected by changes in yields earned on interest-earning assets and rates paid on interest-bearing deposits and other borrowed funds, referred to as a yield/rate change. 
 The following table shows the average balance of each principal category of assets, liabilities, and stockholders equity and the average yields on interest-earning assets and average rates on interest-bearing liabilities for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 
 59 

and 2020. The yields and rates are calculated by dividing income or expense by the average daily balances of the associated assets or liabilities. 
 Average Balance Sheets and Net Interest Analysis 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

December 31, 2020 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Average Outstanding Balance 

Interest Income/ Expense 

Average Yield/ Rate (3)(4) 

Average Outstanding Balance 

Interest Income/ Expense 

Average Yield/ Rate (3)(4) 

Average Outstanding Balance 

Interest Income/ Expense 

Average Yield/ Rate (3)(4) 

Interest-earning assets 

Loans (1) 

Commercial and industrial 

583,295 

32,258 

5.53 

714,561 

41,580 

5.82 

763,971 

35,601 

4.66 

Commercial real estate 

1,259,257 

65,122 

5.17 

1,040,443 

48,676 

4.68 

952,082 

50,667 

5.32 

Real estate construction 

363,902 

18,269 

5.02 

277,307 

10,256 

3.70 

238,015 

10,947 

4.60 

Residential real estate 

597,196 

22,004 

3.68 

498,164 

19,341 

3.88 

449,789 

19,894 

4.42 

Agricultural real estate 

201,295 

11,399 

5.66 

153,607 

8,122 

5.29 

133,813 

8,008 

5.98 

Agricultural 

125,342 

6,697 

5.34 

108,276 

5,361 

4.95 

88,206 

4,944 

5.61 

Consumer 

102,185 

5,110 

5.00 

88,383 

3,998 

4.52 

70,064 

4,603 

6.57 

Total loans 

3,232,472 

160,859 

4.98 

2,880,741 

137,334 

4.77 

2,695,940 

134,664 

5.00 

Taxable securities 

1,185,750 

22,713 

1.92 

976,942 

15,996 

1.64 

727,451 

15,521 

2.13 

Nontaxable securities 

106,955 

2,698 

2.52 

105,522 

2,843 

2.69 

122,783 

3,682 

3.00 

Federal funds sold and other 

107,278 

1,978 

1.84 

182,443 

1,195 

0.65 

112,053 

1,694 

1.51 

Total interest-earning assets 

4,632,455 

188,248 

4.06 

4,145,648 

157,368 

3.80 

3,658,227 

155,561 

4.25 

Non-interest-earning assets 

Other real estate owned, net 

10,144 

10,510 

7,578 

Premises and equipment, net 

102,165 

93,539 

86,487 

Bank-owned life insurance 

121,741 

103,255 

75,998 

Goodwill and other intangibles, net 

67,747 

50,831 

130,329 

Other non-interest-earning assets 

88,860 

28,017 

41,089 

Total assets 

5,023,112 

4,431,800 

3,999,708 

Interest-bearing liabilities 

Interest-bearing demand deposits 

1,124,828 

7,248 

0.64 

1,032,938 

2,165 

0.21 

805,651 

3,157 

0.39 

Savings and money market 

1,308,536 

3,549 

0.27 

1,129,869 

1,540 

0.14 

989,457 

2,736 

0.28 

Savings, NOW and money market 

2,433,364 

10,797 

0.44 

2,162,807 

3,705 

0.17 

1,795,108 

5,893 

0.33 

Certificates of deposit 

663,790 

5,524 

0.83 

625,562 

4,550 

0.73 

704,921 

10,689 

1.52 

Total interest-bearing deposits 

3,097,154 

16,321 

0.53 

2,788,369 

8,255 

0.30 

2,500,029 

16,582 

0.66 

FHLB term and line of credit advances 

79,775 

2,094 

2.63 

16,797 

169 

1.01 

213,155 

2,292 

1.08 

Federal Reserve Bank discount window 

3 

0.25 

3 

0.25 

2,462 

6 

0.24 

Bank stock loan 

12,061 

415 

3.44 

Subordinated borrowings 

96,133 

6,771 

7.04 

89,785 

6,261 

6.97 

49,500 

3,509 

7.09 

Other borrowings 

55,036 

232 

0.42 

45,819 

104 

0.23 

45,041 

105 

0.23 

Total interest-bearing liabilities 

3,328,101 

25,418 

0.76 

2,940,773 

14,789 

0.50 

2,822,248 

22,909 

0.81 

Non-interest-bearing liabilities and stockholders equity 

Non-interest-bearing checking accounts 

1,203,167 

1,021,261 

678,713 

Non-interest-bearing liabilities 

50,962 

22,971 

34,139 

Stockholders equity 

440,882 

446,795 

464,608 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

5,023,112 

4,431,800 

3,999,708 

Net interest income 

162,830 

142,579 

132,652 

Interest rate spread 

3.30 

3.30 

3.44 

Net interest margin (2) 

3.51 

3.44 

3.63 

Total cost of deposits, including non-interest bearing deposits 

4,300,321 

16,321 

0.38 

3,809,630 

8,255 

0.22 

3,178,742 

16,582 

0.52 

Average interest-earning assets to interest-bearing liabilities 

139.19 

140.97 

129.62 

(1) Average loan balances include nonaccrual loans, hedge fair value adjustments and merger fair value adjustments. 
 (2) Net interest margin is calculated by dividing net interest income by average interest-earning assets for the period. 
 (3) Tax exempt income is not included in the above table on a tax equivalent basis. 
 (4) Actual unrounded values are used to calculate the reported yield or rate disclosed. Accordingly, recalculations using the amounts in thousands as disclosed in this report may not produce the same amounts. 
 60 

Increases and decreases in interest income and interest expense result from changes in average balances (volume) of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, as well as changes in average interest yields/rates. The following table analyzes the change in volume variances and yield/rate variances for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, and the year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Analysis of Changes in Net Interest Income 

2022 vs. 2021 

2021 vs. 2020 

Increase (Decrease) Due to: 

Increase (Decrease) Due to: 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 Volume (1) 

Yield/Rate (1) 

Total 

Volume (1) 

Yield/Rate (1) 

Total 

Interest-earning assets 

Loans 

Commercial and industrial 

(7,340) 

(1,982) 

(9,322) 

(2,421) 

8,400 

5,979 

Commercial real estate 

10,956 

5,490 

16,446 

4,455 

(6,446) 

(1,991) 

Real estate construction 

3,736 

4,277 

8,013 

1,645 

(2,336) 

(691) 

Residential real estate 

3,689 

(1,026) 

2,663 

2,017 

(2,570) 

(553) 

Agricultural real estate 

2,667 

610 

3,277 

1,107 

(993) 

114 

Agricultural 

889 

447 

1,336 

1,038 

(621) 

417 

Consumer 

664 

448 

1,112 

1,032 

(1,637) 

(605) 

Total loans 

15,261 

8,264 

23,525 

8,873 

(6,203) 

2,670 

Taxable securities 

3,743 

2,974 

6,717 

4,586 

(4,111) 

475 

Nontaxable securities 

38 

(183) 

(145) 

(487) 

(352) 

(839) 

Federal funds sold and other 

(658) 

1,441 

783 

748 

(1,247) 

(499) 

Total interest-earning assets 

18,384 

12,496 

30,880 

13,720 

(11,913) 

1,807 

Interest-bearing liabilities 

Savings, NOW and money market 

486 

6,606 

7,092 

1,079 

(3,267) 

(2,188) 

Certificates of deposit 

290 

684 

974 

(1,092) 

(5,047) 

(6,139) 

Total interest-bearing deposits 

776 

7,290 

8,066 

(13) 

(8,314) 

(8,327) 

FHLB term and line of credit advances 

1,348 

577 

1,925 

(1,989) 

(134) 

(2,123) 

Federal Reserve Bank discount window 

(6) 

(6) 

Bank stock loan 

(415) 

(415) 

Subordinated borrowings 

446 

64 

510 

2,810 

(58) 

2,752 

Other borrowings 

25 

103 

128 

1 

(2) 

(1) 

Total interest-bearing liabilities 

2,595 

8,034 

10,629 

388 

(8,508) 

(8,120) 

Net Interest Income 

15,789 

4,462 

20,251 

13,332 

(3,405) 

9,927 

(1) The effect of changes in volume is determined by multiplying the change in volume by the previous year s average rate. Similarly, the effect of rate changes is calculated by multiplying the change in average rate by the prior year s volume. The changes attributable to both volume and rate, which cannot be segregated, have been allocated to the volume variance and the rate variance in proportion to the relationship of the absolute dollar amount of the change in each. 
 Year ended December 31, 2022, compared with year ended December 31, 2021 
 The increase in net interest income before the provision for credit losses is primarily due to the increase in the volume of interest-earnings assets and a 26 basis point increase in average rates of interest-earning assets, partially offset by a 26 basis point increase in yields on interest bearing liabilities. The increase in average volume of interest-earning assets was primarily due to increases in loans. 
 The increase in interest income was driven by the 351.7 million increase in average loan volume. The average balance of commercial real estate increased by 218.8 million, or 21.0 , and the average yield increased by 49 basis points for the year ended December 31, 2022, the average balance of residential real estate increased by 99.0 million, or 19.9 , and the average yield decreased by 20 basis points, real estate construction increased by 86.6 million or 31.2 and the average yield increased by 132 basis points for the year ended December 31, 2022, offset by a decrease in the average balance of commercial and industrial of 131.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The impact to net interest income from loan fees for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 2.5 million compared to 19.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Additionally, the average balance of taxable securities increased by 208.8 million or 21.4 and an increase in the average yield of 28 basis points, for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 61 

Average balance of interest bearing deposits increased by 308.8 million, or 11.1 , and the average cost increased by 23 basis points for the year ended December 31, 2022. The average balances of borrowings from the FHLB increased by 63.0 million from an average balance of 16.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, to an average balance of 79.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, coupled with a 162 basis point increase in average borrowing cost resulted in a increase in interest expense of 1.9 million. The increase in FHLB borrowings was used to fund the increases in loan and investment securities volume. The interest expense on subordinated borrowings for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 6.8 million compared to 6.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 510 thousand. Total cost of interest-bearing liabilities increased 26 basis points to 0.76 for the year ended December 31, 2022, from 0.50 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Net interest spread remained unchanged at 3.30 at December 31, 2022 and 2021 primarily due to the increase in the cost of interest-bearing liabilities keeping pace with the increase in the yield on interest-earning assets. The overall driver of market interest rate changes in 2022 was primarily due to the Federal Reserve raising the federal funds target rate seven times during the calendar year 2022 that totaled 425 basis points, with more increases expected in 2023. The increase in net interest margin is largely due to increases in the volume and to a lesser extent, interest rates on interest-earning assets, including loans and taxable securities offset by the increases in interest rates and to a lesser extent volume, on interest-bearing liabilities, including deposits and FHLB advances. 
 Provision for Credit Losses 
 We maintain an allowance for credit losses for estimated losses in our loan portfolio. The allowance for credit losses is increased by a provision for credit losses, which is a charge to earnings, and subsequent recoveries of amounts previously charged-off, but is decreased by charge-offs when the collectability of a loan balance is unlikely. Management estimates the allowance balance required using past loan loss experience within the Company s portfolio. This historical loss calculation is then modified to reflect quantitative economic circumstances based on evidenced economic conditions and regression formulas which incorporate lag factors in identifying a sufficiently predictive adjusted-R square as well as qualitative factors not inherently reflected in our historical loss or quantitative economic inputs. Included in our qualitative assessment is the consideration of prospective economic conditions over the next 12 months, considered the Company s reasonable and supportable forecast period. As these factors change, the amount of the credit loss provision changes. 
 Year ended December 31, 2022, compared with year ended December 31, 2021 
 There was a 125 thousand provision for credit losses for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a reversal of provision for credit losses of 8.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The provision for credit losses recorded during the period ended December 31, 2022, is the result of overall portfolio loan growth, slowing prepayment rates, increases in management qualitative adjustments and net charge-offs during the period which were partially offset by decreases in historical loss rates and decreases in specific impairment. The decrease in impairments on specifically evaluated loans was primarily due to loans returning to performing status and to a lesser extent, the charge-off of loans deemed uncollectible. 
 For additional detail see Item 7: Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Allowance for Credit Losses. Net charge-offs for the year ended December 31, 2022, were 2.6 million as compared to net charge-offs of 8.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, gross charge-offs were 3.3 million offset by gross recoveries of 700 thousand. In comparison, gross charge-offs were 11.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, offset by gross recoveries of 2.7 million. 
 Non-Interest Income 
 The primary sources of non-interest income are service charges and fees, debit card income, mortgage banking income, increases in the value of bank-owned life insurance, investment referral income, the recovery of zero-basis purchased loans, net gains on the sale of available-for-sale securities and other securities transactions. Non-interest income does not include loan origination or other loan fees which are recognized as an adjustment to yield using the interest method. 
 62 

The following table provides a comparison of the major components of non-interest income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 Non-Interest Income 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 vs. 2021 

2021 vs. 2020 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Change 

Change 

Service charges and fees 

10,632 

8,596 

6,856 

2,036 

23.7 

1,740 

25.4 

Debit card income 

10,677 

10,236 

9,136 

441 

4.3 

1,100 

12.0 

Mortgage banking 

1,416 

3,306 

3,153 

(1,890) 

(57.2) 

153 

4.9 

Increase in value of bank-owned life insurance 

3,113 

3,506 

1,941 

(393) 

(11.2) 

1,565 

80.6 

Other 

Investment referral income 

539 

678 

567 

(139) 

(20.5) 

111 

19.6 

Trust income 

1,036 

1,140 

433 

(104) 

(9.1) 

707 

163.3 

Insurance sales commissions 

566 

545 

275 

21 

3.9 

270 

98.2 

Recovery on zero-basis purchased loans 

249 

85 

134 

164 

192.9 

(49) 

(36.6) 

Income (loss) from equity method investments 

(222) 

(222) 

(210) 

(12) 

5.7 

Other non-interest income 

6,984 

3,981 

1,582 

3,003 

75.4 

2,399 

151.6 

Total other 

9,152 

6,207 

2,781 

2,945 

47.4 

3,426 

123.2 

Subtotal 

34,990 

31,851 

23,867 

3,139 

9.9 

7,984 

33.5 

Gain on acquisition 

962 

585 

2,145 

377 

64.4 

(1,560) 

(72.7) 

Net gain (loss) from securities transactions 

5 

406 

11 

(401) 

(98.8) 

395 

3,590.9 

Total non-interest income 

35,957 

32,842 

26,023 

3,115 

9.5 

6,819 

26.2 

Year ended December 31, 2022, compared with year ended December 31, 2021 
 Non-interest income improved in 2022 by 9.5 driven by continued expansion of customer service charges and recovery on zero-basis purchased loans as well as loan repurchase obligation reversal fees, credit card fees and check commission which are included in Other non-interest income and collectively improved by 2.0 million reflecting the Company s continued emphasis on offering innovative products to our customer base. 
 63 

Non-Interest Expense 
 The following table provides a comparison of the major components of non-interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 Non-Interest Expense 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 vs. 2021 

2021 vs. 2020 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Change 

Change 

Salaries and employee benefits 

62,006 

54,198 

54,129 

7,808 

14.4 

69 

0.1 

Net occupancy and equipment 

12,223 

10,137 

8,784 

2,086 

20.6 

1,353 

15.4 

Data processing 

15,883 

13,261 

10,991 

2,622 

19.8 

2,270 

20.7 

Professional fees 

4,951 

4,713 

4,282 

238 

5.0 

431 

10.1 

Advertising and business development 

5,042 

3,370 

2,498 

1,672 

49.6 

872 

34.9 

Telecommunications 

1,916 

1,966 

1,873 

(50) 

(2.5) 

93 

5.0 

FDIC insurance 

1,140 

1,665 

2,088 

(525) 

(31.5) 

(423) 

(20.3) 

Courier and postage 

1,881 

1,429 

1,441 

452 

31.6 

(12) 

(0.8) 

Free nationwide ATM expense 

2,103 

2,019 

1,609 

84 

4.2 

410 

25.5 

Amortization of core deposit intangibles 

4,042 

4,174 

3,850 

(132) 

(3.2) 

324 

8.4 

Loan expense 

828 

934 

789 

(106) 

(11.3) 

145 

18.4 

Other real estate owned 

589 

(188) 

2,310 

777 

(413.3) 

(2,498) 

(108.1) 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

372 

(372) 

100.0 

372 

Other 

15,182 

12,226 

9,216 

2,956 

24.2 

3,010 

32.7 

Subtotal 

127,786 

110,276 

103,860 

17,510 

15.9 

6,416 

6.2 

Merger expenses 

594 

9,189 

299 

(8,595) 

(93.5) 

8,890 

2,973.2 

Goodwill impairment 

104,831 

(104,831) 

(100.0) 

Total non-interest expense 

128,380 

119,465 

208,990 

8,915 

7.5 

(89,525) 

(42.8) 

Year ended December 31, 2022, compared with year ended December 31, 2021 
 The increase in non-interest expense was primarily due to increases in salaries and employee benefits of 7.8 million, other non-interest expense of 3.0 million, data processing of 2.6 million and net occupancy and equipment of 2.1 million, offset by a decrease in merger expenses of 8.6 million. These items and other changes in the various components of non-interest expense are discussed in more detail below. 
 Salaries and employee benefits: There was a 7.8 million increase in salaries and benefits for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase reflects the full year effect of the addition of staff related to the October 2021 ASBI acquisition and the December 2021 Security acquisition. Additionally, for the year ended December 31, 2022, there was an increase in share-based compensation expense of 697 thousand, employee insurance of 408 thousand and employee payroll taxes of 362 thousand. Included in salaries and employee benefits is share-based compensation expense of 3.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Net occupancy and equipment: Net occupancy and equipment includes expenses related to the use of premises and equipment, such as depreciation, operating lease payments, repairs and maintenance, insurance, property taxes and utilities, net of incidental rental income of excess facilities. The increase reflects the full year effect of the October 2021 ASBI acquisition and the December 2021 Security acquisition as well as increases in maintenance and repair on buildings, furniture and equipment of 451 thousand and operating lease expenses of 262 thousand. 
 Data processing: The 2.6 million increase was principally due to increased data processing/debit card expense of 1.5 million and software license expenses of 615 thousand. 
 Advertising and business development: The 1.7 million increase was principally due to increased advertising media expense of 867 thousand driven by deposit campaigns and community sponsorships of 529 thousand. 
 Professional fees: The increase of 238 thousand was principally due to an increase in accounting fees of 248 thousand, partially offset by a decrease in consulting fees of 104 thousand. 
 64 

Other real estate owned: As detailed in NOTE 5 OTHER REAL ESTATE OWNED in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, other real estate owned expenses, including provision for unrealized losses, were 2.0 million, partially offset by gains on sale and transfer to other real estate of 422 thousand and income from other real estate owned properties of 1.0 million, for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Other: Other non-interest expenses consists of subscriptions, memberships and dues, employee expenses including travel, meals, entertainment and education, supplies, printing, insurance, account related losses, correspondent bank fees, customer program expenses, losses net of gains on the sale of fixed assets, losses net of gains on the sale of repossessed assets other than real estate, other operating expenses, such as settlement of claims, limited partnership tax credits and provision for unfunded commitments. There was a 3.0 million increase in other non-interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily due to increases in write-off of tax credit investments of 762 thousand, ATM and debit card losses of 645 thousand, employee expenses including hotel and travel of 532 thousand, CRA partnership losses of 407 thousand and recruiting of 236 thousand. 
 Merger expenses: Merger expenses include legal, advisory and accounting fees associated with services to facilitate the acquisition of other banks. Merger expenses also include data processing conversion costs and costs associated with the integration of personnel, processes, facilities and employee bonuses. During 2022, the Company incurred merger expenses of 439 thousand related to the ASBI acquisition, 137 thousand related to the Security acquisition and 18 thousand related to the branch sale to United Bank and Trust. 
 Efficiency Ratio 
 The efficiency ratio is a supplemental financial measure utilized in the internal evaluation of our performance and is not defined under GAAP. Our efficiency ratio is computed by dividing non-interest expense, excluding goodwill impairment, merger expenses and loss on debt extinguishment, by the sum of net interest income and non-interest income, excluding net gains on sales of and settlement of securities and gain on acquisition. Generally, an increase in the efficiency ratio indicates that more resources are being utilized to generate the same volume of income, while a decrease would indicate a more efficient allocation of resources. The ratio defined under GAAP that is most comparable to the efficiency ratio is non-interest expense to net interest income plus non-interest income which is discussed in Results of Operations Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 
 The Company s non-interest expense, less goodwill impairment, to net interest income plus non-interest income decreased from the period ended December 31, 2021, to December 31, 2022, primarily due to net interest income plus non-interest income increasing at a higher rate than non-interest expense less goodwill impairment, as discussed in Results of Operations Non-GAAP Financial Measures. The efficiency ratio increased during the same time period due to non-interest expense, excluding goodwill impairment and merger expenses, increasing at a higher proportional rate than net interest income and non-interest income, excluding net gains on security transactions and gain on acquisition, as discussed in Results of Operations Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margin Analysis and Results of Operations Non-Interest Income. 
 Income Taxes 
 The amount of income tax expense is influenced by the amount of pre-tax income, the amount of tax-exempt income, the amount of non-deductible expenses and available tax credits. 
 Year ended December 31, 2022, compared with year ended December 31, 2021 
 The effective income tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022, was 17.9 as compared to the U.S. statutory rate of 21.0 . The effective income tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2021, was 18.5 as compared to the U.S. statutory rate of 21.0 . As detailed in NOTE 15 INCOME TAXES in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, the income tax rates differed from the U.S. statutory rates primarily due to non-taxable income, non-deductible expenses, and tax credits. The Company made an investment in solar tax credits during the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022 which impacted the effective income tax rate for each period. 
 Impact of Inflation 
 Our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual report have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. These require the measurement of financial position and operating results in terms of historical dollars, without considering changes in the relative value of money over time due to inflation or recession. 
 65 

Unlike many industrial companies, substantially all our assets and liabilities are monetary in nature. As a result, interest rates have a more significant impact on our performance than the effects of general levels of inflation. Interest rates may not necessarily move in the same direction or in the same magnitude as the prices of goods and services. However, other operating expenses do reflect general levels of inflation. 
 Financial Condition 
 Overview 
 Our total assets decreased 156.0 million, or 3.0 , from 5.14 billion at December 31, 2021, to 4.98 billion at December 31, 2022. The decrease in total assets was primarily from decreases in cash and cash equivalents of 157.9 million and securities of 141.1 million, partially offset by an increase in loans of 158.4 million. Our total liabilities decreased 65.4 million, or 1.4 , from 4.64 billion at December 31, 2021, to 4.57 billion at December 31, 2022. The decrease in total liabilities was from decreases in total deposits of 178.2 million, partially offset by an increase in FHLB advances debt of 138.9 million. Our total stockholders equity decreased 90.6 million, or 18.1 , from 500.6 million at December 31, 2021, to 410.1 million at December 31, 2022. 
 Loan Portfolio 
 Loans are the largest category of earning assets and typically provide higher yields than other types of earning assets. Gross loans (excluding the effect of branch sales during 2022) held for investment increased by 182.1 million, or 5.8 , compared with December 31, 2021. Growth consisted of 235.9 million, or 15.9 , from commercial real estate, 27.9 million, or 4.9 , from commercial and industrial, from 24.5 million, or 12.4 , from agricultural real estate and from 7.7 million, or 7.8 , from consumer, offset by decreases of 67.0 million, or 10.5 and from residential real estate, 47.0 million, or 28.1 , from agricultural. We also had a decrease in loans classified as held for sale of 3.9 million, or 91.7 , from December 31, 2021. 
 Our loan portfolio consists of various types of loans, most of which are made to borrowers located in the Wichita, Kansas City and Tulsa MSAs, as well as various community markets throughout Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma. Although the portfolio is diversified and generally secured by various types of collateral, the majority of our loan portfolio consists of commercial and industrial and commercial real estate loans and a substantial portion of our borrowers ability to honor their obligations is dependent on local economic conditions in Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma. 
 At December 31, 2022, gross total loans were 78.1 of deposits and 66.5 of total assets. At December 31, 2021, gross total loans were 71.5 of deposits and 61.5 of total assets. 
 The organic, or non-acquired, growth in our loan portfolio is attributable to our ability to attract new customers from other financial institutions and overall growth in our markets. Our lending staff has been successful in building banking relationships with new customers. Several new lenders have been hired in our markets and these employees have been successful in transitioning their former clients and attracting new clients. Lending activities originate from the efforts of our lenders with an emphasis on lending to individuals, professionals, small to medium-sized businesses and commercial companies located in the Wichita, Kansas City and Tulsa MSAs, as well as community markets in Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri and Oklahoma. 
 66 

The following table summarizes our loan portfolio by type of loan as of the dates indicated. 
 Composition of Loan Portfolio 

December 31, 

2022 
 
 2021 

2020 

Amount 

Percent 
 
 Amount 

Percent 

Amount 

Percent 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Commercial and industrial 

594,863 

18.0 

567,497 

18.0 

734,495 

28.3 

Real estate loans: 

Commercial real estate 

1,721,268 

52.0 

1,486,148 

47.1 

1,188,696 

45.9 

Residential real estate 

570,550 

17.2 

638,087 

20.2 

381,958 

14.7 

Agricultural real estate 

199,189 

6.0 

198,330 

6.3 

133,693 

5.2 

Total real estate loans 

2,491,007 

75.2 

2,322,565 

73.6 

1,704,347 

65.8 

Agricultural 

120,003 

3.6 

166,975 

5.3 

94,322 

3.6 

Consumer 

105,675 

3.2 

98,590 

3.1 

58,532 

2.3 

Total loans held for investment 

3,311,548 

100.0 

3,155,627 

100.0 

2,591,696 

100.0 

Total loans held for sale 

349 

100.0 

4,214 

100.0 

12,394 

100.0 

Total loans held for investment (net of allowances) 

3,265,701 

100.0 

3,107,262 

100.0 

2,557,987 

100.0 

Commercial and industrial: Commercial and industrial loans include loans used to purchase fixed assets, to provide working capital or meet other financing needs of the business. 
 Commercial real estate: Commercial real estate loans include all loans secured by nonfarm nonresidential properties and multifamily residential properties, as well as 1-4 family investment-purpose real estate loans. 
 Residential real estate: Residential real estate loans include loans secured by primary or secondary personal residences. 
 Agricultural real estate, Agricultural, Consumer and other: Agricultural real estate loans are loans related to farmland. Agricultural loans are primarily operating lines subject to annual farming revenues including productivity/yield of the agricultural commodities produced. Consumer loans are generally secured by consumer assets but may be unsecured. 
 The contractual maturity ranges of loans in our loan portfolio and the amount of such loans with predetermined interest rates and floating rates in each maturity range as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, are summarized in the following tables. 
 Loan Maturity and Sensitivity to Changes in Interest Rates 

As of December 31, 2022 

One year or less 

After one year through five years 

After five years through fifteen years 

After fifteen years 

Total 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Commercial and industrial 

194,487 

310,839 

84,930 

4,607 

594,863 

Real Estate: 

Commercial real estate 

331,226 

1,042,683 

279,759 

67,600 

1,721,268 

Residential real estate 

1,293 

9,647 

122,509 

437,101 

570,550 

Agricultural real estate 

47,696 

112,387 

31,295 

7,811 

199,189 

Total real estate 

380,215 

1,164,717 

433,563 

512,512 

2,491,007 

Agricultural 

79,055 

32,688 

3,714 

4,546 

120,003 

Consumer 

35,026 

45,258 

23,091 

2,300 

105,675 

Total 

688,783 

1,553,502 

545,298 

523,965 

3,311,548 

Loans with a predetermined fixed interest rate 

218,417 

771,980 

181,239 

306,537 

1,478,173 

Loans with an adjustable/floating interest rate 

470,366 

781,522 

364,059 

217,428 

1,833,375 

Total 

688,783 

1,553,502 

545,298 

523,965 

3,311,548 

67 

As of December 31, 2021 

One year or less 

After one year through five years 

After five years through fifteen years 

After fifteen years 

Total 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Commercial and industrial 

172,409 

300,312 

88,124 

6,652 

567,497 

Real Estate: 

Commercial real estate 

247,339 

834,277 

355,479 

49,053 

1,486,148 

Residential real estate 

6,594 

14,066 

136,994 

480,433 

638,087 

Agricultural real estate 

53,703 

83,861 

47,176 

13,590 

198,330 

Total real estate 

307,636 

932,204 

539,649 

543,076 

2,322,565 

Agricultural 

113,138 

41,003 

6,809 

6,025 

166,975 

Consumer 

36,714 

40,361 

18,352 

3,163 

98,590 

Total 

629,897 

1,313,880 

652,934 

558,916 

3,155,627 

Loans with a predetermined fixed interest rate 

258,334 

875,796 

235,609 

334,122 

1,703,861 

Loans with an adjustable/floating interest rate 

371,563 

438,084 

417,325 

224,794 

1,451,766 

Total 

629,897 

1,313,880 

652,934 

558,916 

3,155,627 

Nonperforming Assets 
 The following table presents information regarding nonperforming assets at the dates indicated. 
 Nonperforming Assets 

As of December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Nonaccrual loans 

17,601 

29,361 

43,689 

Accruing loans 90 or more days past due 

256 

143 

OREO acquired through foreclosure, net 

600 

7,582 

10,698 

Other repossessed assets 

47 

28,799 

67 

Total nonperforming assets 

18,248 

65,998 

54,597 

Ratios: 

Nonperforming assets to total assets 

0.37 

1.28 

1.36 

Nonperforming assets to total loans plus OREO 

0.55 

2.09 

2.10 

Nonperforming assets NPAs include loans on nonaccrual status, accruing loans 90 or more days past due, restructured loans, other real estate acquired through foreclosure and other repossessed assets. The change in nonperforming assets is primarily due to nonaccrual loans moving back to performing status and by the Company's liquidation of OREO and other repossessed assets during 2022. 
 The nonperforming loans at December 31, 2022, consisted of 196 separate credits and 163 separate borrowers. We had seven nonperforming loan relationships each with outstanding balances exceeding 1.0 million as of December 31, 2022. There are several procedures in place to assist us in maintaining the overall quality of our loan portfolio. We have established underwriting guidelines to be followed by lenders and we also monitor delinquency levels for any negative or adverse trends. There can be no assurance, however, that our loan portfolio will not become subject to increasing pressures from deteriorating borrower credit due to general economic conditions. 
 Regulatory Loan Classification 
 We categorize loans into risk categories based on relevant information about the ability of borrowers to service their debt such as: current financial information, historical payment experience, credit documentation, public information and current economic trends, among other factors. Loans are analyzed individually and classified based on credit risk. Consumer loans are considered pass 
 68 

credits unless downgraded due to payment status or reviewed as part of a larger credit relationship. We use the following definitions for risk ratings: 
 Pass: Loans classified as pass include all loans that do not fall under one of the three following categories. These loans are considered unclassified. 
 Special Mention: Loans classified as special mention have a potential weakness that deserves management s close attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the loan or of our credit position at some future date. These loans are considered classified. 
 Substandard: Loans classified as substandard are inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Loans so classified have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. They are characterized by the distinct possibility that the institution will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. These loans are considered classified. 
 Doubtful: Loans classified as doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified as substandard, with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, based on currently existing facts, conditions and values, highly questionable and improbable. These loans are considered classified. 
 Potential problem loans consist of loans that are performing in accordance with contractual terms, but for which management has concerns about the borrower s ability to comply with repayment terms because of the borrower s potential financial difficulties. Potential problem loans are assigned a grade of special mention or substandard. At December 31, 2022, the Company had 37.6 million in potential problem loans which were not included in either non-accrual or 90 days past due categories, compared to 32.6 million at December 31, 2021. 
 For additional information about the risk category by class of loans see NOTE 4 LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. At December 31, 2022, loans considered unclassified increased to 98.2 of total loans from 96.8 of total loans at December 31, 2021. 
 Risk Category of Loans by Class 

As of December 31, 2022 

Unclassified 

Classified 

Total 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Commercial and industrial 

566,549 

28,314 

594,863 

Real estate: 

Commercial real estate 

1,714,793 

6,475 

1,721,268 

Residential real estate 

567,179 

3,371 

570,550 

Agricultural real estate 

186,760 

12,429 

199,189 

Total real estate 

2,468,732 

22,275 

2,491,007 

Agricultural 

112,880 

7,123 

120,003 

Consumer 

105,328 

347 

105,675 

Total 

3,253,489 

58,059 

3,311,548 

As of December 31, 2021 

Unclassified 

Classified 

Total 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Commercial and industrial 

530,783 

36,714 

567,497 

Real estate: 

Commercial real estate 

1,454,545 

31,603 

1,486,148 

Residential real estate 

632,973 

5,114 

638,087 

Agricultural real estate 

184,428 

13,902 

198,330 

Total real estate 

2,271,946 

50,619 

2,322,565 

Agricultural 

152,497 

14,478 

166,975 

Consumer 

98,268 

322 

98,590 

Total 

3,053,494 

102,133 

3,155,627 

For additional information see NOTE 4 LOANS AND ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 69 

In accordance with applicable regulation, appraisals or evaluations are required to independently value real estate and, as an important element, to consider when underwriting loans secured in part or in whole by real estate. The value of real estate collateral provides additional support to the borrower s credit capacity. 
 With respect to potential problem loans, all monitored and under-performing loans are reviewed and individually evaluated for credit loss. If we determine that a loan has individually assessed credit loss, then we evaluate the borrower s overall financial condition to determine the need, if any, for possible write downs or appropriate additions to the allowance for credit losses based on the unlikelihood of full repayment of principal and interest in accordance with the contractual terms or the net realizable value of the pledged collateral. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 Please see Critical Accounting Policies Allowance for Credit Losses for additional discussion of our allowance policy. 
 In connection with our review of the loan portfolio, risk elements attributable to particular loan types or categories are considered when assessing the quality of individual loans. For additional information see NOTE 1 NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Analysis of allowance for credit losses: At December 31, 2022, the allowance for credit losses totaled 45.8 million, or 1.38 of total loans. At December 31, 2021, the allowance for credit losses totaled 48.4 million, or 1.53 of total loans. 
 The 2.5 million reduction in the allowance for credit losses was the result of a 6.5 million increase in the allowance for credit losses on collectively evaluated loans offset by a 9.1 million decrease in specific reserves. The allowance for credit losses calculation on loans collectively evaluated at December 31, 2022, totaled 40.9 million, or 1.2 , of the 3.29 billion of the loans portfolio, compared to an allowance for credit losses of 34.3 million, or 1.14 , of the 3.06 billion in loans collectively evaluated at December 31, 2021. The increase in the collectively evaluated calculation was primarily the result of a 2.5 million increase in estimated historical losses based on historical loss rates coupled with a 4.1 million increase in management qualitative adjustment which is the Company's estimated increase in historical loss rates from current economic conditions. The overall decrease in the allowance as a percentage of total loans is primarily the result of decreases in the allowance on loans specifically evaluated for credit losses and the increase in overall loan balances from December 31, 2021, to December 31, 2022 of 155.9 million. 
 Net losses as a percentage of average loans was 0.08 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 0.30 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, and 0.10 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2020. 
 70 

The following table presents, as of and for the periods indicated, an analysis of the allowance for credit losses and other related data. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

December 31, 2022 
 
 Commercial Real Estate 

Commercial and Industrial 

Residential Real Estate 

Agricultural Real Estate 

Agricultural 

Consumer 

Total 

Allowance for credit losses 

16,731 

14,951 

8,608 

819 

2,457 

2,281 

45,847 

Total loans outstanding (1) 

1,721,268 

594,863 

570,550 

199,189 

120,003 

105,675 

3,311,548 

Net charge-offs 

1,193 

590 

56 

27 

35 

742 

2,643 

Average loan balance (1) 

1,623,159 

583,295 

595,494 

201,295 

125,342 

102,186 

3,230,771 

Non-accrual loan balance 

2,689 

5,838 

3,206 

2,052 

3,468 

348 

17,601 

Loans to total loans outstanding 

52.0 

18.0 

17.2 

6.0 

3.6 

3.2 

100.0 

ACL to total loans 

1.0 

2.5 

1.5 

0.4 

2.0 

2.2 

1.4 

Net charge-offs to average loans 

0.1 

0.1 

0.7 

0.1 

Non-accrual loans to total loans 

0.2 

1.0 

0.6 

1.0 

2.9 

0.3 

0.5 

ACL to non-accrual loans 

622.2 

256.1 

268.5 

39.9 

70.8 

655.5 

260.5 

December 31, 2021 
 
 Commercial Real Estate 

Commercial and Industrial 

Residential Real Estate 

Agricultural Real Estate 

Agricultural 

Consumer 

Total 

Allowance for credit losses 

22,478 

12,248 

5,560 

2,235 

3,756 

2,088 

48,365 

Total loans outstanding (1) 

1,486,148 

567,497 

638,087 

198,330 

166,975 

98,590 

3,155,627 

Net charge-offs 

(129) 

7,870 

(52) 

473 

(21) 

504 

8,645 

Average loan balance (1) 

1,317,750 

714,561 

491,747 

153,607 

108,276 

88,383 

2,874,324 

Non-accrual loan balance 

6,833 

6,557 

5,075 

4,398 

6,175 

323 

29,361 

Loans to total loans outstanding 

47.1 

18.0 

20.2 

6.3 

5.3 

3.1 

100.0 

ACL to total loans 

1.5 

2.2 

0.9 

1.1 

2.2 

2.1 

1.5 

Net charge-offs to average loans 

1.1 

0.3 

0.6 

0.3 

Non-accrual loans to total loans 

0.5 

1.2 

0.8 

2.2 

3.7 

0.3 

0.9 

ACL to non-accrual loans 

329.0 

186.8 

109.6 

50.8 

60.8 

646.4 

164.7 

December 31, 2020 
 
 Commercial Real Estate 

Commercial and Industrial 

Residential Real Estate 

Agricultural Real Estate 

Agricultural 

Consumer 

Total 

Allowance for loan losses 

9,012 

12,456 

4,559 

904 

758 

6,020 

33,709 

Total loans outstanding (1) 

1,188,696 

734,495 

381,958 

133,693 

94,322 

58,532 

2,591,696 

Net charge-offs 

219 

1,248 

401 

173 

3 

734 

2,778 

Average loan balance (1) 

1,190,097 

763,971 

443,312 

133,813 

88,206 

70,064 

2,689,463 

Non-accrual loan balance 

7,582 

23,457 

2,955 

4,111 

5,312 

272 

43,689 

Loans to total loans outstanding 

45.9 

28.3 

14.7 

5.2 

3.6 

2.3 

100.0 

ACL to total loans 

0.8 

1.7 

1.2 

0.7 

0.8 

10.3 

1.3 

Net charge-offs to average loans 

0.2 

0.1 

0.1 

1.0 

0.1 

Non-accrual loans to total loans 

0.6 

3.2 

0.8 

3.1 

5.6 

0.5 

1.7 

ACL to non-accrual loans 

118.9 

53.1 

154.3 

22.0 

14.3 

2,213.2 

77.2 

(1) Excluding loans held for sale. 

71 

Management believes that the allowance for credit losses at December 31, 2022, is adequate to cover current expected losses in the loan portfolio as of such date. There can be no assurance, however, that we will not sustain losses in future periods that could be substantial in relation to the size of the allowance at December 31, 2022. 
 Securities 
 We use our securities portfolio to provide a source of liquidity, to provide an appropriate return on funds invested, to manage interest rate risk, to meet pledging requirements and to meet regulatory capital requirements. At December 31, 2022, securities represented 23.8 of total assets compared with 25.8 at December 31, 2021. 
 At the date of purchase, debt securities are classified into one of two categories, held-to-maturity or available-for-sale. We do not purchase securities for trading purposes. At each reporting date, the appropriateness of the classification is reassessed. Investments in debt securities are classified as held-to-maturity and carried at cost, adjusted for the amortization of premiums and the accretion of discounts, in the financial statements only if management has the positive intent and ability to hold those securities to maturity. Debt securities not classified as held-to-maturity are classified as available-for-sale and measured at fair value in the financial statements with unrealized gains and losses reported, net of deferred income tax, as accumulated comprehensive income or loss until realized. Interest earned on securities is included in total interest and dividend income. Also included in total interest and dividend income are dividends received on stock investments in the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City and the FHLB of Topeka. These stock investments are stated at cost. 
 The following table summarizes the amortized cost and fair value by classification of available-for-sale securities as of the dates shown. 
 Available-For-Sale Securities 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

(Dollars in thousands) 

U.S. Government-sponsored entities 

123,196 

106,406 

124,898 

123,407 

U.S. Treasury securities 

257,690 

232,158 

157,289 

155,602 

Mortgage-backed securities 

Government-sponsored residential mortgage-backed securities 

560,776 

498,606 

661,584 

664,887 

Private label residential mortgage-backed securities 

190,889 

163,560 

173,717 

171,688 

Corporate 

56,642 

52,374 

52,555 

53,777 

Small Business Administration loan pools 

12,915 

12,181 

16,568 

16,475 

State and local subdivisions 

130,311 

119,105 

138,404 

141,606 

Total available-for-sale securities 

1,332,419 

1,184,390 

1,325,015 

1,327,442 

The following table summarizes the amortized cost and fair value by classification of held-to-maturity securities as of the dates shown. 
 Held-To-Maturity Securities 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Mortgage-backed securities 

Government-sponsored residential mortgage-backed securities 

1,108 

1,108 

State and local subdivisions 

840 

865 

Total held-to-maturity securities 

1,948 

1,973 

72 

The following tables summarize the contractual maturity of debt securities and their weighted average yields as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities because issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. Securities not due at a single maturity date, primarily mortgage-backed securities, are shown separately. Available-for-sale securities are shown at fair value and held-to-maturity securities are shown at cost, adjusted for the amortization of premiums and the accretion of discounts. There were no held-to-maturity securities at December 31, 2021. 

December 31, 2022 

Due in one year or less 

Due after one year through five years 

Due after five years through ten years 

Due after 10 years 

Total 

Carrying Value 

Yield 

Carrying Value 

Yield 

Carrying Value 

Yield 

Carrying Value 

Yield 

Carrying Value 

Yield 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Available-for-sale securities: 

U.S. Government-sponsored entities 

49,100 

0.74 

54,094 

1.51 

3,212 

1.96 

106,406 

1.17 

U.S. Treasury securities 

222,552 

1.18 

9,606 

1.32 

232,158 

1.19 

Mortgage-backed securities 

Government-sponsored residential mortgage-backed securities 

89,698 

1.44 

161,354 

1.86 

247,554 

2.50 

498,606 

2.10 

Private label residential mortgage-backed securities 

163,560 

2.21 

163,560 

2.21 

Corporate 

7,904 

6.20 

44,470 

4.65 

52,374 

4.88 

Small Business Administration loan pools 

7,676 

3.53 

4,505 

1.79 

12,181 

2.89 

State and political subdivisions (1) 

4,958 

2.61 

18,601 

2.42 

42,088 

2.31 

53,458 

2.50 

119,105 

2.43 

Total available-for-sale securities 

4,958 

2.61 

387,855 

1.35 

319,288 

2.27 

472,289 

2.39 

1,184,390 

2.02 

Held-to-maturity securities: 

Mortgage-backed securities 

Government-sponsored residential mortgage-backed securities 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

1,108 

4.96 

1,108 

4.96 

State and political subdivisions (1) 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

840 

4.57 

840 

4.57 

Total held-to-maturity securities 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

1,948 

4.79 

1,948 

4.79 

Total debt securities 

4,958 

2.61 

387,855 

1.35 

319,288 

2.27 

474,237 

2.40 

1,186,338 

2.02 

(1) The calculated yield is not calculated on a tax equivalent basis. 

December 31, 2021 

Due in one year or less 

Due after one year through five years 

Due after five years through ten years 

Due after 10 years 

Total 

Carrying Value 

Yield 

Carrying Value 

Yield 

Carrying Value 

Yield 

Carrying Value 

Yield 

Carrying Value 

Yield 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Available-for-sale securities: 

U.S. government-sponsored entities 

1,001 

2.78 

29,524 

0.50 

84,810 

1.37 

8,072 

1.89 

123,407 

1.21 

U.S. treasury securities 

48,008 

1.14 

107,594 

1.10 

155,602 

1.11 

Mortgage-backed securities 

Government-sponsored residential mortgage-backed securities 

69,734 

1.35 

211,965 

1.65 

383,188 

2.05 

664,887 

1.85 

Private label residential mortgage-backed securities 

171,688 

1.62 

171,688 

1.62 

Corporate 

53,777 

4.18 

53,777 

4.18 

Small Business Administration loan pools 

9,669 

0.93 

6,806 

1.76 

16,475 

1.27 

State and political subdivisions (1) 

7,259 

2.60 

21,038 

2.43 

44,640 

2.26 

68,669 

2.36 

141,606 

2.35 

Total available-for-sale securities 

8,260 

2.62 

168,304 

1.28 

512,455 

1.79 

638,423 

1.96 

1,327,442 

1.81 

Total debt securities 

8,260 

2.62 

168,304 

1.28 

512,455 

1.79 

638,423 

1.96 

1,327,442 

1.81 

(1) The calculated yield is not calculated on a tax equivalent basis. 

Mortgage-backed securities are securities that have been developed by pooling a number of real estate mortgages and which are principally issued by federal agencies such as Ginnie Mae, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and non-agency private label providers. Unlike U.S. Treasury and U.S. Government agency securities, which have a lump sum payment at maturity, mortgage-backed securities provide cash flows from regular principal and interest payments and principal prepayments throughout the lives of the securities. Premiums and discounts on mortgage-backed securities are amortized and accreted over the expected life of the security and may be impacted by prepayments. As such, mortgage-backed securities purchased at a premium will generally produce decreasing net yields as interest rates drop because homeowners tend to refinance their mortgages resulting in prepayments and an acceleration of premium amortization. Securities purchased at a discount will reflect higher net yields in a decreasing interest rate environment as prepayments result in an acceleration of discount accretion. 
 The contractual maturity of mortgage-backed securities is not a reliable indicator of their expected lives because borrowers have the right to prepay their obligations at any time. Monthly pay downs on mortgage-backed securities cause the average lives of these securities to be much different than their stated lives. At December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, 62.1 and 66.3 of the 
 73 

mortgage-backed securities held by us had contractual final maturities of more than ten years with a weighted average life of 5.1 years and 4.4 years and a modified duration of 4.3 years and 4.1 years. 
 Deposits 
 Our lending and investing activities are primarily funded by deposits. A variety of deposit accounts are offered with a wide range of interest rates and terms including demand, savings, money market and time deposits. We rely primarily on competitive pricing policies, convenient locations, comprehensive marketing strategy and personalized service to attract and retain these deposits. 
 The following table shows our composition of deposits at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 Composition of Deposits 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 vs. 2021 

2021 vs. 2020 

Amount 

Percent of Total 

Amount 

Percent of Total 

Amount 

Percent of Total 

Change 

Change 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Non-interest-bearing demand 

1,097,899 

25.9 

1,244,117 

28.1 

791,639 

22.9 

(146,218) 

(11.8) 

452,478 

57.2 

Interest-bearing demand and NOW accounts 

1,061,264 

25.0 

1,202,408 

27.2 

1,016,424 

29.5 

(141,144) 

(11.7) 

185,984 

18.3 

Savings and money market 

1,268,320 

29.9 

1,319,881 

29.9 

1,012,673 

29.4 

(51,561) 

(3.9) 

307,208 

30.3 

Time 

814,324 

19.2 

653,598 

14.8 

626,854 

18.2 

160,726 

24.6 

26,744 

4.3 

Total deposits 

4,241,807 

100.0 

4,420,004 

100.0 

3,447,590 

100.0 

(178,197) 

(4.0) 

972,414 

28.2 

The following tables show deposits sold in 2022 branch dispositions, as of the time of such dispositions. 

United Bank and Trust Branch Sale 

Amount 

Percent of Total 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Non-interest-bearing demand 

15,817 

30.0 

Interest-bearing demand and Now accounts 

9,039 

17.2 

Savings and money market 

19,576 

37.1 

Time 

8,282 

15.7 

Total deposits 

52,714 

100.0 

High Plains Bank Branch Sale 

Amount 

Percent of Total 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Non-interest-bearing demand 

1,925 

10.1 

Interest-bearing demand and Now accounts 

3,664 

19.2 

Savings and money market 

7,300 

38.3 

Time 

6,168 

32.4 

Total deposits 

19,057 

100.0 

74 

The following tables show deposits assumed in 2021 acquisitions, as of the time of such acquisitions. 

ASBI Acquisition 

Amount 

Percent of Total 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Non-interest-bearing demand 

254,944 

38.1 

Interest-bearing demand and NOW accounts 

95,023 

14.2 

Savings and money market 

221,187 

33.1 

Time 

97,695 

14.6 

Total deposits 

668,849 

100.0 

Security Acquisition 

Amount 

Percent of Total 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Non-interest-bearing demand 

19,724 

26.3 

Interest-bearing demand and NOW accounts 

13,713 

18.3 

Savings and money market 

26,132 

34.8 

Time 

15,509 

20.6 

Total deposits 

75,078 

100.0 

The following table shows deposits assumed in 2020 acquisitions, as of the time of such acquisitions. 

Almena Acquisition 

Amount 

Percent of Total 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Non-interest-bearing demand 

11,737 

18.8 

Interest-bearing demand and NOW accounts 

6,238 

10.0 

Savings and money market 

5,835 

9.3 

Time 

38,662 

61.9 

Total deposits 

62,472 

100.0 

The following table shows the average deposit balance and average rate paid on deposits for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 Average Deposit Balances and Average Rate Paid 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Average Balance 

Average Rate Paid 

Average Balance 

Average Rate Paid 

Average Balance 

Average Rate Paid 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Non-interest-bearing demand 

1,203,167 

1,021,261 

678,713 

Interest-bearing demand and NOW accounts 

1,124,828 

0.64 

1,032,938 

0.21 

805,651 

0.39 

Savings and money market 

1,308,536 

0.27 

1,129,869 

0.14 

989,457 

0.28 

Time 

663,790 

0.83 

625,562 

0.73 

704,921 

1.52 

Total deposits 

4,300,321 

3,809,630 

3,178,742 

75 

Included in interest-bearing demand deposits are Insured Cash Sweep ICS reciprocal demand deposit balances of 282.7 million at December 31, 2022, and 308.4 million at December 31, 2021, and 256.0 million at December 31, 2020. Also included in savings and money market deposits at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, are ICS reciprocal money-market deposit balances of 17.7 million, 52.2 million, and 23.7 million. These balances represent customer funds placed in ICS that allow Equity Bank to break large demand and money-market deposits into smaller amounts and place them in a network of other ICS banks to ensure FDIC insurance coverage on the entire deposit. These deposits are placed in ICS but are Equity Bank s customer relationships that management views as core funding. 
 Included in time deposits are Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Service CDARS program balances of 11.8 million, 3.0 million, and 14.9 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and 2020. CDARS allows Equity Bank to break large deposits into smaller amounts and place them in a network of other CDARS banks to ensure FDIC insurance coverage on the entire deposit. Reciprocal deposits are not considered brokered deposits as long as the aggregate balance is less than the lesser of 20 of total liabilities or 5.0 billion and Equity Bank is well capitalized and well rated. All non-reciprocal deposits and reciprocal deposits in excess of regulatory limits are considered brokered deposits. 
 The following table provides information on the maturity distribution of time deposits of 250,000 or more as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

(Dollars in thousands) 

3 months or less 

40,578 

88,969 

Over 3 through 6 months 

51,365 

115,063 

Over 6 through 12 months 

19,191 

14,047 

Over 12 months 

34,586 

15,381 

Total Time Deposits 

145,720 

233,460 

Other Borrowed Funds 
 We utilize borrowings to supplement deposits to fund our lending and investing activities. Short-term borrowing and long-term borrowing consist of funds from the FHLB, federal funds purchased and retail repurchase agreements, a bank stock loan and subordinated debt. The Company continually has short-term borrowings which are disclosed in NOTE 11 BORROWINGS and NOTE 12 SUBORDINATED DEBT. 
 
 Federal funds purchased and retail repurchase agreements: We have available federal funds lines of credit with our correspondent banks. Retail repurchase agreements outstanding represent the purchase of interests in securities by banking customers. Retail repurchase agreements are stated at the amount of cash received in connection with the transaction. We do not account for any of our retail repurchase agreements as sales for accounting purposes in our financial statements. Retail repurchase agreements with banking customers are settled on the following business day. See NOTE 11 BORROWINGS in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 FHLB advances: FHLB advances include both draws against our line of credit and fixed rate term advances. Each term advance is payable in full at its maturity date and contains a provision for prepayment penalties. Our FHLB borrowings are used for operational liquidity needs for originating and purchasing loans, purchasing investments and general operating cash requirements. See NOTE 11 BORROWINGS in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Bank stock loan: The Company maintains a borrowing facility through an unaffiliated financial institution. The terms of the loan require us and Equity Bank to maintain minimum capital ratios and other covenants. The loan and accrued interest may be prepaid at any time without penalty. In the event of default, the lender has the option to declare all outstanding balances as immediately due. For detailed information, see NOTE 11 BORROWINGS in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Subordinated debentures: In conjunction with the 2012 acquisition of First Community, we assumed certain subordinated debentures owed to special purpose unconsolidated subsidiaries that are controlled by us, FCB Capital Trust II and FCB Capital Trust III, CTII and CTIII, respectively). In conjunction with the 2016 acquisition of Community First Bancshares, Inc., we assumed certain subordinated debentures owed to a special purpose unconsolidated subsidiary that is controlled by us, Community First (AR) Statutory Trust I, CFSTI ). In conjunction with the 2021 acquisition of ASBI, we assumed certain subordinated debentures owed to a special purpose unconsolidated subsidiary that is controlled by us, American State Bank Statutory Trust I, ASBSTI ). For additional information, see NOTE 12 SUBORDINATED DEBT in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 76 

Subordinated notes: In 2020, the Company entered into Subordinated Note Purchase Agreements with certain qualified institutional buyers and institutional accredited investors pursuant to which the Company issued and sold a total of 75.0 million in aggregate principal amounts of its 7.00 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due in 2030. For additional information, see NOTE 12 SUBORDINATED DEBT in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity 
 Market and public confidence in our financial strength and financial institutions, in general, will largely determine access to appropriate levels of liquidity. This confidence is significantly dependent on our ability to maintain sound asset quality and appropriate levels of capital reserves. 
 Liquidity is defined as the ability to meet anticipated customer demands for future funds under credit commitments and deposit withdrawals at a reasonable cost and on a timely basis. We measure our liquidity position by giving consideration to both on- and off-balance sheet sources of and demands for funds on a daily, weekly and monthly basis. 
 Liquidity risk involves the risk of being unable to fund assets with the appropriate duration and rate-based liabilities, as well as the risk of not being able to meet unexpected cash needs. Liquidity planning and management are necessary to ensure the ability to fund operations in a cost-effective manner and to meet current and future potential obligations such as loan commitments, lease obligations and unexpected deposit outflows. In this process, we focus on both assets and liabilities and on the manner in which they combine to provide adequate liquidity to meet our needs. 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, our liquidity needs have primarily been met by core deposits, securities and loan maturities, as well as amortizing payment from investment securities and loans. Other funding sources include federal funds purchased, retail repurchase agreements, brokered certificates of deposit, subordinated notes and borrowings from the FHLB. 
 Our largest sources of funds are deposits, fed funds sold, retail repurchase agreements and subordinated debt, and our largest uses of funds are the origination or purchases of loans and investment securities purchases. Average loans were 3.23 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 12.2 over average loans of 2.88 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021. Excess deposits are primarily invested in our interest-bearing deposit account with the Kansas City Federal Reserve Bank, investment securities, federal funds sold or other short-term liquid investments until the funds are needed to fund loan growth. Our investment securities portfolio has a weighted average life of 5.1 years and a modified duration of 4.4 years at December 31, 2022. We believe that our daily funding needs can be met through cash provided by operating activities, payments and maturities on loans and investment securities, our core deposit base, FHLB advances and other borrowing relationships. 
 Cash Flow Overview 
 During 2022, operating activities provided 74.1 million of liquidity, which was offset by financing activities use of 15.4 million and investing activities use of 214.2 million of cash assets, ultimately decreasing total cash and cash equivalents by 155.5 million. The cash usage in investing activities was driven mostly by purchases of securities of 182.0 million and the net increase in loans held for investment of 181.9 million, partially offset by proceeds from securities of 168.4 million and proceeds from sale of foreclosed assets of 29.9 million. The cash usage in financing activities was driven mostly by decreases in deposits of 106.3 million and purchases of treasury stock of 33.2 million. 
 During 2021, operating and financing activities provided 102.7 million and 191.9 million of liquidity, respectively, which was partially offset by investing activities use of 315.3 million of cash assets, ultimately decreasing total cash and cash equivalents by 20.7 million. The cash usage in investing activities was driven mostly by purchases of securities of 785.3 million, partially offset by proceeds from securities of 472.9 million. The cash provided by financing activities was primarily due to increases in deposits of 228.5 million, offset by net payments on FHLB advances of 24.5 million and purchases of treasury stock of 18.7 million. 
 For information related to cash flow during 2020, see Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 9, 2021. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Items 
 In the normal course of business, we enter into various transactions, which, in accordance with GAAP, are not included in our consolidated balance sheets. We enter into these transactions to meet the financing needs of our customers. These transactions 
 77 

include commitments to extend credit and standby and commercial letters of credit, which involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit risk and interest rate risk in excess of the amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets. Our exposure to credit loss is represented by the contractual amounts of these commitments. The same credit policies and procedures are used in making these commitments as for on-balance sheet instruments. 
 Standby and Performance Letters of Credit: For additional information see NOTE 22 COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT RISK in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Commitments to Extend Credit: For additional information see NOTE 22 COMMITMENTS AND CREDIT RISK in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Future Debt Repayments 
 In the normal course of business, we enter into short-term and long-term debt obligations resulting in commitments to make future payments. For additional information see NOTE 11 BORROWINGS and NOTE 12 SUBORDINATED DEBT. 
 
 Capital Resources 
 Capital management consists of providing equity to support our current and future operations. The bank regulators view capital levels as important indicators of an institution s financial soundness. As a general matter, FDIC-insured depository institutions and their holding companies are required to maintain minimum capital relative to the amount and types of assets that they hold. As a bank holding company and a state-chartered Fed member bank, the Company and Equity Bank are subject to regulatory capital requirements. 
 Capital adequacy guidelines and prompt corrective action regulations involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities and certain off-balance-sheet items calculated under regulatory accounting practices. Capital amounts and classifications are also subject to qualitative judgments by regulators. Failure to meet capital requirements can initiate regulatory action. Management believes, as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the Company and Equity Bank meet all capital adequacy requirements to which they are subject. 
 Prompt corrective action regulations provide five classifications: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized, although these terms are not used to represent overall financial condition. If adequately capitalized, regulatory approval is required to accept brokered deposits. If undercapitalized, capital distributions are limited, as are asset growth and acquisitions, and capital restoration plans are required. 
 Failure to meet capital guidelines could subject the institution to a variety of enforcement remedies by federal bank regulatory agencies, including termination of deposit insurance by the FDIC, restrictions on certain business activities and appointment of the FDIC as conservator or receiver. As of December 31, 2022, the most recent notifications from the federal regulatory agencies categorized Equity Bank as well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. To be categorized as well capitalized, Equity Bank must maintain minimum total capital, Tier 1 capital, Common Equity Tier 1 capital and Tier 1 leverage ratios. There are no conditions or events since that notification that management believes have changed Equity Bank s category. 
 The total decrease in stockholders equity of 90.6 million was principally attributable to decreases in accumulated other comprehensive income of 115.3 million and treasury stock of 33.2 million, partially offset by an increase in retained earnings of 51.8 million. For additional information about the Company s capital see NOTE 14 STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY , NOTE 16 REGULATORY MATTERS and NOTE 19 SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 We identify certain financial measures discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as being non-GAAP financial measures. In accordance with the SEC s rules, we classify a financial measure as being a non-GAAP financial measure if that financial measure excludes or includes amounts, or is subject to adjustments that have the effect of excluding or including amounts, that are included or excluded, as the case may be, in the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles as in effect from time to time in the United States in our statements of income, balance sheets or statements of cash flows. Non-GAAP financial measures do not include operating and other statistical measures or ratios or statistical measures calculated using exclusively either financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP, operating measures or other measures that are not non-GAAP financial measures or both. 
 The non-GAAP financial measures that we discuss in this Annual Report on Form 10-K should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the most directly comparable or other financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. Moreover, the 
 78 

manner in which we calculate the non-GAAP financial measures that we discuss in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may differ from that of other companies reporting measures with similar names. You should understand how such other banking organizations calculate their financial measures similar or with names similar to the non-GAAP financial measures that we have discussed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K when comparing such non-GAAP financial measures. 
 Tangible Book Value per Common Share and Tangible Book Value Per Diluted Common Share: Tangible book value is a non-GAAP measure generally used by financial analysts and investment bankers to evaluate financial institutions. We calculate: (a) tangible common equity as total stockholders equity less preferred stock, goodwill, core deposit intangibles, net of accumulated amortization, mortgage servicing asset, net of accumulated amortization, and naming rights, net of accumulated amortization; (b) tangible book value per common share as tangible common equity (as described in clause (a)) divided by shares of common stock outstanding; and (c) tangible book value per diluted common share as tangible common equity (as described in clause (a)) divided by shares of common stock outstanding plus the period-end dilutive effects of vested restricted stock units, the assumed exercise of stock options, redemption of non-vested restricted stock units, and pending employee stock purchase plan shares at period end. For tangible book value, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP is book value. 
 Management believes that these measures are important to many investors who are interested in changes from period to period in book value per common share exclusive of changes in intangible assets. Goodwill and other intangible assets have the effect of increasing total book value while not increasing our tangible book value. 
 The following table reconciles, as of the dates set forth below, total stockholders equity to tangible common equity, tangible book value per common share and tangible book value per diluted common share and compares these values with book value per common share. 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

(Dollars in thousands, except share data) 

Total stockholders equity 

410,058 

500,631 

407,649 

478,060 

455,941 

Less: goodwill 

53,101 

54,465 

31,601 

136,432 

131,712 

Less: core deposit intangibles, net 

10,596 

14,879 

16,057 

19,907 

21,725 

Less: mortgage servicing asset, net 

176 

276 

5 

11 

Less: naming rights, net 

1,044 

1,087 

1,130 

1,174 

1,217 

Tangible common equity 

345,141 

429,924 

358,861 

320,542 

301,276 

Common shares outstanding at period end 

15,930,112 

16,760,115 

14,540,556 

15,444,434 

15,793,095 

Diluted common shares outstanding at period end 

16,163,253 

17,050,115 

14,540,556 

15,719,810 

16,085,729 

Book value per common share 

25.74 

29.87 

28.04 

30.95 

28.87 

Tangible book value per common share 

21.67 

25.65 

24.68 

20.75 

19.08 

Tangible book value per diluted common share 

21.35 

25.22 

24.68 

20.39 

18.73 

Tangible Common Equity to Tangible Assets: Tangible common equity to tangible assets is a non-GAAP measure generally used by financial analysts and investment bankers to evaluate financial institutions. We calculate: (a) tangible common equity as total stockholders equity less preferred stock, goodwill, core deposit intangibles, net of accumulated amortization, mortgage servicing asset, net of accumulated amortization and naming rights, net of accumulated amortization; (b) tangible assets as total assets less goodwill, core deposit intangibles, net of accumulated amortization, mortgage servicing asset, net of accumulated amortization and naming rights, net of accumulated amortization; and (c) tangible common equity to tangible assets as tangible common equity (as described in clause (a)) divided by tangible assets (as described in clause (b)). For common equity to tangible assets, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP is total stockholders equity to total assets. 
 Management believes that this measure is important to many investors in the marketplace who are interested in the relative changes from period to period in common equity and total assets, each exclusive of changes in intangible assets. Goodwill and other intangible assets have the effect of increasing both total stockholders equity and total assets while not increasing tangible common equity or tangible assets. 
 79 

The following table reconciles, as of the dates set forth below, total stockholders equity to tangible common equity and total assets to tangible assets. 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Total stockholders equity 

410,058 

500,631 

407,649 

478,060 

455,941 

Less: goodwill 

53,101 

54,465 

31,601 

136,432 

131,712 

Less: core deposit intangibles, net 

10,596 

14,879 

16,057 

19,907 

21,725 

Less: mortgage servicing asset, net 

176 

276 

5 

11 

Less: naming rights, net 

1,044 

1,087 

1,130 

1,174 

1,217 

Tangible common equity 

345,141 

429,924 

358,861 

320,542 

301,276 

Total assets 

4,981,651 

5,137,631 

4,013,356 

3,949,578 

4,061,716 

Less: goodwill 

53,101 

54,465 

31,601 

136,432 

131,712 

Less: core deposit intangibles, net 

10,596 

14,879 

16,057 

19,907 

21,725 

Less: mortgage servicing asset, net 

176 

276 

5 

11 

Less: naming rights, net 

1,044 

1,087 

1,130 

1,174 

1,217 

Tangible assets 

4,916,734 

5,066,924 

3,964,568 

3,792,060 

3,907,051 

Equity / assets 

8.23 

9.74 

10.16 

12.10 

11.23 

Tangible common equity to tangible assets 

7.02 

8.48 

9.05 

8.45 

7.71 

Return on Average Tangible Common Equity: Return on average tangible common equity is a non-GAAP measure generally used by financial analysts and investment bankers to evaluate financial institutions. We calculate: (a) average tangible common equity as total average stockholders equity less average intangible assets and preferred stock; (b) adjusted net income allocable to common stockholders as net income allocable to common stockholders plus goodwill impairment, net of actual tax effect, plus amortization of intangible assets less estimated tax effect on amortization of intangible assets (tax rates used in this calculation were 21 for 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019 and 2018) (c) return on average tangible common equity as adjusted net income allocable to common stockholders (as described in clause (b)) divided by average tangible common equity (as described in clause (a)). For return on average tangible common equity, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP is return on average equity. 
 Management believes that this measure is important to many investors in the marketplace because it measures the return on equity, exclusive of the effects of intangible assets on earnings and capital. Goodwill and other intangible assets have the effect of increasing average stockholders equity and, through amortization, decreasing net income allocable to common stockholders while not increasing average tangible common equity or decreasing adjusted net income allocable to common stockholders. 
 The following table reconciles, as of the dates set forth below, total average stockholders equity to average tangible common equity and net income allocable to common stockholders to adjusted net income allocable to common stockholders. 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Total average stockholders equity 

440,882 

446,795 

464,608 

463,445 

420,453 

Less: average intangible assets 

67,746 

50,831 

130,329 

158,410 

139,131 

Average tangible common equity 

373,136 

395,964 

334,279 

305,035 

281,322 

Net income (loss) allocable to common stockholders 

57,688 

52,480 

(74,970) 

25,579 

35,825 

Plus: goodwill impairment, net of actual tax effect 

99,526 

Amortization of intangible assets 

4,186 

4,242 

3,898 

3,218 

2,492 

Less: estimated tax effect on intangible asset amortization 

879 

891 

819 

676 

523 

Adjusted net income allocable to common stockholders 

60,995 

55,831 

27,635 

28,121 

37,794 

Return on average equity (ROAE) 

13.08 

11.75 

(16.14) 

5.52 

8.52 

Return on average tangible common equity (ROATCE) 

16.35 

14.10 

8.27 

9.22 

13.43 

Efficiency Ratio : The efficiency ratio is a non-GAAP measure generally used by financial analysts and investment bankers to evaluate financial institutions. We calculate the efficiency ratio by dividing non-interest expense, excluding goodwill impairment, merger expenses and loss on debt extinguishment, by the sum of net interest income and non-interest income, excluding net gains on 
 80 

the sale of available-for-sale securities and other securities transactions, and the net gain on acquisition. The GAAP-based efficiency ratio is non-interest expense less goodwill impairment, divided by net interest income plus non-interest income. 
 In management s judgment, the adjustments made to non-interest expense and non-interest income allow investors and analysts to better assess operating expenses in relation to operating revenue by removing merger expenses, loss on debt extinguishment, net gains on the sale of available-for-sale securities and other securities transactions, and the net gain on acquisition. 
 The following table reconciles, as of the dates set forth below, the efficiency ratio to the GAAP-based efficiency ratio. 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

(Dollars in thousands) 

Non-interest expense 

128,380 

119,465 

208,990 

99,635 

94,387 

Less: goodwill impairment 

104,831 

Less: merger expenses 

594 

9,189 

299 

915 

7,462 

Less: loss on debt extinguishment 

372 

Non-interest expense, excluding merger expenses and loss on debt extinguishment 

127,786 

109,904 

103,860 

98,720 

86,925 

Net interest income 

162,830 

142,579 

132,652 

125,858 

124,798 

Non-interest income 

35,957 

32,842 

26,023 

24,988 

19,725 

Less: gain on acquisition and branch sales 

962 

585 

2,145 

Less: net gains (losses) from securities transactions 

5 

406 

11 

14 

(9) 

Non-interest income, excluding net gains (losses) from security transactions and gain on acquisition 

34,990 

31,851 

23,867 

24,974 

19,734 

Non-interest expense, less goodwill impairment, to net interest income plus non-interest income 

64.58 

68.10 

65.64 

66.05 

65.31 

Efficiency Ratio 

64.60 

63.01 

66.36 

65.45 

60.14 

Item 7A: Quantitative and Qualitat ive Disclosure About Market Risk 
 Our asset liability policy provides guidelines to management for effective funds management, and management has established a measurement system for monitoring net interest rate sensitivity position within established guidelines. 
 As a financial institution, the primary component of market risk is interest rate volatility. Fluctuations in interest rates will ultimately impact both the level of income and expense recorded on most assets and liabilities, and the market value of all interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, other than those which have a short term to maturity. Interest rate risk is the potential of economic gains or losses due to future interest rate changes. These changes can be reflected in future net interest income and/or fair market values. The objective is to measure the effect on net interest income NII and economic value of equity EVE and to adjust the balance sheet to minimize the inherent risk, while at the same time maximizing income. 
 We manage exposure to interest rates by structuring the balance sheet in the ordinary course of business. We have the ability to enter into instruments such as leveraged derivatives, interest rate swaps, financial options, financial future contracts or forward delivery contracts for the purpose of reducing interest rate risk; however, currently, we do not have a material exposure to these instruments. We also have the ability to enter into interest rate swaps as an accommodation to our customers in connection with an interest rate swap program. Based upon the nature of its operations, we are not subject to foreign exchange or commodity price risk. We do not own any trading assets. 
 Our exposure to interest rate risk is managed by the Asset Liability Committee ALCO ), which is composed of certain members of senior management, in accordance with policies approved by the Board of Directors. The ALCO formulates strategies based on appropriate levels of interest rate risk. In determining the appropriate level of interest rate risk, the ALCO considers the impact on earnings and capital of the current outlook on interest rates, potential changes in interest rates, regional economies, liquidity, business strategies and other factors. The ALCO meets monthly to review, among other things, the sensitivity of assets and liabilities to interest rate changes, the book and market values of assets and liabilities, unrealized gains and losses, securities purchase and sale activities, commitments to originate loans, and the maturities of investment securities and borrowings. Additionally, the ALCO reviews liquidity, projected cash flows, maturities of deposits, and consumer and commercial deposit activity. 
 ALCO uses a simulation analysis to monitor and manage the pricing and maturity of assets and liabilities in order to diminish the potential adverse impact that changes in interest rates could have on net interest income. The simulation tests the sensitivity of NII and EVE. Contractual maturities and repricing opportunities of loans are incorporated in the simulation model as are prepayment 
 81 

assumptions, maturity data and call options within the investment securities portfolio. Assumptions based on past experience are incorporated into the model for non-maturity deposit accounts. The assumptions used are inherently uncertain and, as a result, the model cannot precisely measure the future NII and EVE. Actual results will differ from the model s simulated results due to timing, magnitude and frequency of interest rate changes as well as changes in market conditions and the application and timing of various management strategies. 
 The change in the impact of net interest income from the base case for December 31, 2022 and 2021 was primarily driven by the rate and mix of variable and fixed rate financial instruments, the underlying duration of the financial instruments, and the level of response to changes in the interest rate environment. 
 December 31, 2022 Analysis 
 The increase in the level of negative impact to net interest income in the up interest rate shock scenarios is due to the level of adjustable rate loans that will reprice to higher interest rates and non-term deposits that will adjust to higher rates but at a slower pace. These factors result in the positive impacts to net interest income in the up interest rate shock scenarios that are detailed in the table below. In the down interest rate shock scenario, the main drivers of the negative impact on net interest income are the downward pricing of variable rate loans receivable and the level of term deposit repricing; and the assumed prepayment and scheduled repayment of existing fixed rate loans receivable and fixed rate investments. Term deposits repricing will only decrease the average cost paid by some amount due to the assumed repricing occurring at maturity. These factors result in the negative impact to net interest income in the down interest rate shock scenario. 
 The change in the economic value of equity from the base case for December 31, 2022, is due to us being in a liability sensitive position and the level of convexity in our prepayable assets. Generally, with a liability sensitive position, as interest rates increase, the value of your assets decrease faster than the value of liabilities and, as interest rates decrease, the value of your assets increase at a faster rate than liabilities. Due to the level of convexity in our fixed rate prepayable assets, we do not experience a similar change in the value of assets in a down interest rate shock scenario; however, due to the current level of convexity in our fixed rate prepayable assets becoming less negative and positive, in some cases, on a portion of or portfolio has resulted in the overall value of assets increasing more than liabilities. In addition, the mix of interest-bearing deposit and non-interest-bearing deposits impact the level of deposit decay and the resulting benefit of discounting from the non-interest-bearing deposits. At December 31, 2022, non-interest-bearing deposits were approximately 1.10 billion, or 11.8 , lower than that deposit type at December 31, 2021. Substantially all investments and approximately 55.4 of loans are prepayable and fixed rate and as rates decrease the level of modeled prepayments increase. The prepaid principal is assumed to reprice at the assumed current rates, resulting in a smaller positive impact to the economic value of equity. 
 December 31, 2021 Analysis 
 The change in the impact of net interest income from the base case for December 31, 2021, was primarily driven by the rate and mix of variable and fixed rate financial instruments, the underlying duration of the financial instruments, and the level of response to changes in the interest rate environment. 
 The increase in the level of negative impact to net interest income in the up interest rate shock scenarios is due to the assumed migration of non-term deposit liabilities to higher rate term deposits; the level of fixed rate investments and loans receivable that will not reprice to higher rates; the variable rate subordinated debentures, and the non-term deposits that are assumed not to migrate to term deposits that are variable rate and will reprice to the higher rates; and a portion of our portfolio of variable rate loans contain restrictions on the amount of repricing and frequency of repricing that limit the amount of repricing to the current higher rates. These factors result in the negative impacts to net interest income in the up interest rate shock scenarios that are detailed in the table below. 
 In the down interest rate shock scenario, the main drivers of the negative impact on net interest income are the decrease in investment income due to the negative convexity features of the fixed rate mortgage-backed securities; assumed prepayment of existing fixed rate loans receivable; the downward pricing of variable rate loans receivable; the constraint of the shock on non-term deposits; and the level of term deposit repricing. Our mortgage-backed security portfolio is primarily comprised of fixed rate investments and as rates decrease, the level of prepayments will increase and cause the current higher rate investments to prepay and the assumed reinvestment will be at lower interest rates. Similar to our mortgage-backed securities, the model assumes that our fixed rate loans receivable will prepay at a faster rate and reinvestment will occur at lower rates. The level of downward shock on the non-term deposits is constrained to limit the downward shock to a non-zero rate which results in a minimal reduction in the average rate paid. Term deposits repricing will only decrease the average cost paid by a minimal amount due to the assumed repricing occurring at maturity. These factors result in the negative impact to net interest income in the down interest rate shock scenario. 
 82 

The change in the economic value of equity from the base case for December 31, 2021, is due to us being in a liability sensitive position and the level of convexity in our pre-payable assets. Generally, with a liability sensitive position, as interest rates increase, the value of your assets decrease faster than the value of liabilities and, as interest rates decrease, the value of your assets increase at a faster rate than liabilities. However, due to the level of convexity in our fixed rate pre-payable assets, we do not experience a similar change in the value of assets in a down interest rate shock scenario. In addition, the mix of interest-bearing deposit and non-interest-bearing deposits impact the level of deposit decay and the resulting benefit of discounting from the non-interest-bearing deposits. At December 31, 2021, non-interest-bearing deposits were approximately 1.24 billion, or 57.2 , higher than that deposit type at December 31, 2020. Substantially all investments and approximately 54.0 of loans are pre-payable and fixed rate and as rates decrease the level of modeled prepayments increase. The prepaid principal is assumed to reprice at the assumed current rates, resulting in a smaller positive impact to the economic value of equity. 
 The following table summarizes the simulated immediate change in net interest income for twelve months as of the dates indicated. 
 Market Risk 

Impact on Net Interest Income 

December 31, 

Change in prevailing interest rates 
 
 2022 

2021 

+300 basis points 

5.0 

(4.4) 

+200 basis points 

3.3 

(2.4) 

+100 basis points 

1.6 

(1.0) 

0 basis points 

-100 basis points 

(2.3) 

(4.4) 

Impact on Economic Value of Equity 

December 31, 

Change in prevailing interest rates 
 
 2022 

2021 

+300 basis points 

(10.7) 

(2.8) 

+200 basis points 

(6.6) 

0.7 

+100 basis points 

(3.3) 

2.7 

0 basis points 

-100 basis points 

0.7 

(14.8) 

83 

Item 8: Financial Statemen ts and Supplementary Data 
 Our financial statements and accompanying notes, including the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, are set forth beginning on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Audited Financial Statements 

Description 
 
 Page Number 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F- 1 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F- 4 

Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F- 5 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F- 6 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F- 7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 F- 8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F- 10 

In the last three years, The Company has not had any retroactive change to historical quarterly data. 
 
 Item 9: Changes in and Disagreements with Accou ntants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 None 
 
 Item 9A: Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, management of the Company, under the supervision and with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act). Based upon, and as of the date of that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective, in ensuring the information relating to the Company (and its consolidated subsidiaries) required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act was recorded, processed, summarized and reported in a timely manner. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the last fiscal quarter of the fiscal year for which this Annual Report on Form 10-K is filed that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Report on Management s Assessment of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined under Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act). The Company s internal control system is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 As of December 31, 2022, management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations COSO of the Treadway Commission in 2013. Based on the assessment, management determined that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 The effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has been audited by , , (U.S. PCAOB Auditor Firm I.D. ), the independent registered public accounting firm who also has audited the Company s consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Crowe LLP has issued a 
 84 

report on the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, which is included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K and is incorporated into this item by reference. 
 
 Item 9B: Othe r Information 
 None 
 
 Item 9C: Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not Applicable 
 
 85 

Part III 

Item 10: Directors, Executive O fficers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by this item will be contained in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held in April 2023, a copy of which will be filed not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Our board of directors has adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all of our employees, officers and directors, including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and other executive officers. The full text of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is posted on the investor relations page of our website which is located at http://investor.equitybank.com . We will post any amendments to our code of business conduct and ethics, or waivers of its requirements, on our website. 

Item 11: Executi ve Compensation 
 The information required by this item will be contained in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held in April 2023, a copy of which will be filed not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12: Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Ow ners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this item will be contained in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held in April 2023, a copy of which will be filed not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 Information relating to securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans is included in Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under Item 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Item 13: Certain Relationships and Relate d Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by this item will be contained in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held in April 2023, a copy of which will be filed not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14: Principal Accou nting Fees and Services 
 The information required by this item will be contained in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held in April 2023, a copy of which will be filed not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 86 

Part IV 

Item 15: Exhibits, Finan cial Statement Schedules 
 a)	The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 
 1.	Financial Statements 
 The financial statements included as part of this Form 10-K are identified in the index to the Audited Financial Statements appearing in Item 8 of this Form 10-K and which index is incorporated in this Item 15 by reference. 
 2.	Financial Statement Schedules 
 All supplemental schedules are omitted as inapplicable or because the required information is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or notes thereto. 
 3.	Exhibits 
 The information required by this Item 15(a)(3) is set forth in the Exhibit Index immediately following. The exhibits listed herein will be furnished upon written request to Equity Bancshares, Inc., 7701 East Kellogg Drive, Suite 300, Wichita, Kansas 67207, Attention: Investor Relations, and payment of a reasonable fee that will be limited to our reasonable expense in furnishing such exhibits. 
 b)	Exhibits 
 	The exhibits listed below are incorporated by reference or attached hereto. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Equity Bancshares, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Equity Bancshares, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 3, 2016). 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Equity Bancshares, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Equity Bancshares, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on October 9, 2015, File No. 333-207351). 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Equity Bancshares, Inc. s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on October 27, 2015, File No. 333-207351). 

4.2 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities. 

4.3 
 
 Indenture, dated as of June 29, 2020, by and between Equity Bancshares, Inc. and UMB Bank, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Equity Bancshares, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 2, 2020). 

4.4 
 
 Form of 7.00 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Note due 2030 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Equity Bancshares, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 2, 2020). 

10.1 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Equity Bancshares, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on October 9, 2015, File No. 333-207351). 

10.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated November 5, 2021, between Equity Bank, Equity Bancshares, Inc. and Brad S. Elliott (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Equity Bancshares, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 9, 2022). 

10.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated October 31, 2021, among Equity Bank, Equity Bancshares, Inc. and Gregory H. Kossover (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Equity Bancshares, Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 9, 2022) . 

87 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

10.4 
 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated November 5, 2021, between Equity Bank, Equity Bancshares, Inc. and Julie Huber (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Equity Bancshares, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 8, 2021) . 

10.5 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated November 5, 2021, among Equity Bank and Craig L. Anderson, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Equity Bancshares, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 8, 2021) . 

10.6 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated April 30, 2020, by and between Equity Bank and Eric Newell, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Equity Bancshares, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 1, 2020). 

10.7 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated November 5, 2021, between Equity Bank, Equity Bancshares, Inc. and Brett A. Reber (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Equity Bancshares, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 8, 2021 ). 

10.8 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated December 20, 2021, between Equity Bank, Equity Bancshares, Inc. and John Creech . 

10.9 
 
 Equity Bancshares, Inc. Amended and Restated 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to Equity Bancshares, Inc. s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed with the SEC on March 28, 2016). 

10.10 
 
 Equity Bancshares, Inc. Annual Executive Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to Equity Bancshares, Inc. s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed with the SEC on March 22, 2017). 

10.11 
 
 Form of Performance-vested Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Equity Bancshares, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 5, 2018). 

10.12 
 
 Form of Time-vested Restricted Stock Units Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Equity Bancshares, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 5, 2018). 

10.13 
 
 Equity Bancshares, Inc. 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to Equity Bancshares, Inc. s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed with the SEC on March 22, 2019). 

10.14 
 
 Equity Bancshares, Inc. 2022 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to Equity Bancshares, Inc. s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed with the SEC on March 17, 2022). 

10.15 
 
 Equity Bancshares, Inc. 2022 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to Equity Bancshares, Inc. s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed with the SEC on March 17, 2022). 

10.16 
 
 Equity Bancshares, Inc. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Equity Bancshares, Inc. s Current Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 8, 2022). 

10.17 
 
 Form of Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 29, 2020, by and among Equity Bancshares, Inc. and the several purchasers thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Equity Bancshares, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 2, 2020). 

10.18 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement, dated January 28, 2016, by and between Equity Bancshares, Inc. and ServisFirst Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Equity Bancshares, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 3, 2016). 

88 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

10.19 
 
 Amended Loan and Security Agreement, dated March 13, 2017, between Equity Bancshares, Inc. and ServisFirst Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Equity Bancshares, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 16, 2017). 

10.20 
 
 Second Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated March 12, 2018. Between Equity Bancshares, Inc. and ServisFirst Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Equity Bancshares, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 9, 2018). 

10.21 
 
 Third Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated March 11, 2019, Between Equity Bancshares, Inc. and ServisFirst Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Equity Bancshares, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 14, 2019). 

10.22 
 
 The Fourth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement and Promissory Notes Modification Agreement, dated June 29, 2020, by and among Equity Bancshares, Inc., as Borrower, and ServisFirst Bank, as Lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Equity Bancshares, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 2, 2020). 

10.23 
 
 Fifth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated February 11, 2022, by and between Equity Bancshares, Inc. and ServisFirst Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Equity Bancshares, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 18, 2022). 

10.24 
 
 Sixth Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement, dated February 10, 2023, by and between Equity Bancshares, Inc. and ServisFirst Bank (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Equity Bancshares, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 06, 2023). 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries of Equity Bancshares, Inc. 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Crowe LLP. 

24.1 
 
 Powers of Attorney . 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

89 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 
 These exhibits are furnished herewith and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 Represents a management contract or a compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 c)	Excluded Financial Statements 
 Not Applicable 
 
 Item 16: Form 10-K Summary 
 
 Not Applicable 
 
 90 

SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

EQUITY BANCSHARES, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Brad S. Elliott 

Name: 
 Brad S. Elliott 

Title: 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: 
 March 9, 2023 

91 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Brad S. Elliott 
 
 Chairman and 
 
 March 9, 2023 

Brad S. Elliott 
 
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Eric R. Newell 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial 
 
 March 9, 2023 

Eric R. Newell 
 
 Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Gregory H. Kossover 
 
 Director, Executive Vice President and Chief 
 
 March 9, 2023 

Gregory H. Kossover 
 
 Operating Officer 

/s/ Gary C. Allerheiligen 
 
 Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

Gary C. Allerheiligen 

/s/ James S. Loving 
 
 Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

James S. Loving 

/s/ Junetta M. Everett 
 
 Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

Junetta M. Everett 

/s/ Gregory L. Gaeddert 
 
 Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

Gregory L. Gaeddert 

/s/ Benjamen M. Hutton 
 
 Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

Benjamen M. Hutton 

/s/ R. Renee Koger 
 
 Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

R. Renee Koger 

/s/ Jerry P. Maland 
 
 Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

Jerry P. Maland 

/s/ Shawn D. Penner 
 
 Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

Shawn D. Penner 

/s/ Leon H. Borck 
 
 Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

Leon H. Borck 

/s/ Kevin E. Cook 
 
 Director 
 
 March 9, 2023 

Kevin E. Cook 

By: /s/ Eric R. Newell 

Attorney-in-Fact 

March 9, 2023 

92 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Equity Bancshares, Inc. 
 Wichita, Kansas 

Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Equity Bancshares, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also, in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 
 As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has changed its method of accounting for credit losses effective January 1, 2021 due to the adoption of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification No. 326, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (ASC 326) . The Company adopted the new credit loss standard using the modified retrospective method such that prior period amounts are not adjusted and continue to be reported in accordance with previously applicable generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for these financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Report on Management s Assessment of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material 
 F- 1 

weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans Qualitative Adjustments 
 
 As described in Notes 1 and 4 to the financial statements and noted in the Change in Accounting Principle paragraph above, the Company adopted ASC 326, Financial Instruments Credit Losses as of January 1, 2021. The current expected credit loss CECL impairment model requires an estimate of expected credit losses, measured over the contractual life of an instrument, which considers reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions in addition to information about past events and current conditions. See change in accounting principle explanatory paragraph above. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s allowance for credit losses on loans was 45.8 million and the provision for credit losses on loans was 125,000 for the year then ended. 
 
 The Company measures the allowance for credit losses utilizing a probability of default PD and loss given default LGD modeling approach for historical loss. The estimated PD and LGD rates are applied to the estimated exposure at default EAD to calculate expected credit losses. The Company s CECL model utilizes a statistical regression of loss experience correlated to changes in economic factors for all commercial banks operating within the Company s geographical footprint. The methodologies utilized to develop and implement the macroeconomic factors that drive the loss estimates use multivariate regression modeling techniques. The process involved the selection of the macroeconomic factors and the evaluation of regression analysis outputs to determine the statistical fit of the macroeconomic factors used to forecast expected credit losses. The Company also adjusts for changes in qualitative factors not inherently considered in the quantitative analyses. Significant management judgment is required in evaluating the qualitative adjustments used in the analysis. 
 
 We determined that auditing the allowance for credit losses on loans was a critical audit matter because of the extent of auditor judgment applied and significant audit effort to evaluate the significant subjective and 
 F- 2 

complex judgments made by management. The principal considerations resulting in our determination included the following: 
 
 Significant auditor judgment and effort were used to evaluate reasonableness of the PD, LGD and EAD assumptions 

Significant auditor judgement and audit effort were used to evaluate the application of the reasonable and supportable forecast of economic variables 

Significant auditor judgement and effort were used in evaluating the qualitative adjustments used in the calculation 

Significant audit effort related to the relevance and reliability of the high volume of data used in the model computation 

The primary audit procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 
 Testing the effectiveness of management s internal controls over the Company s significant model assumptions and judgments, loan segmentation, reasonable and supportable forecasts, qualitative adjustments and model validation 

Testing the effectiveness of controls over the relevance and reliability of loan data used in the computation of the PD models and LGD assumptions 

Testing the effectiveness of controls over the Company s preparation and review of the allowance for credit loss calculation, including the reasonableness of qualitative adjustments and mathematical accuracy and appropriateness of the overall calculation 

Testing the effectiveness of controls over the relevant macroeconomic variables, including the review of the regression analysis output and the relevance and reliability of third-party data used 

With the assistance of our valuation specialists, evaluating the reasonableness of assumptions and judgments related to the PD, LGD, EAD and loan segmentation, the conceptual design of the credit loss estimation models, model assumption sensitivity analysis and the adequacy of the independent model validation 

Substantively tested management s qualitative factor adjustments and assessed the relevance and reliability of the data used, including evaluating management s judgments and assumptions for reasonableness 

Substantively testing the mathematical accuracy of the PD, LGD and EAD model on a pooled loan level including the relevance and reliability of loan data used in the model 

Crowe LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2007. 
 
 Indianapolis, Indiana 
 March 9, 2023 

F- 3 

EQUITY BANCSHARES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED B ALANCE SHEETS 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Cash and due from banks 

Federal funds sold 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Available-for-sale securities 

Held-to-maturity securities, fair value of and 

Loans held for sale 

Loans, net of allowance for credit losses of and 

Other real estate owned, net 

Premises and equipment, net 

Bank-owned life insurance 

Federal Reserve Bank and Federal Home Loan Bank stock 

Interest receivable 

Goodwill 

Core deposit intangibles, net 

Other 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Deposits 

Demand 

Total non-interest-bearing deposits 

Savings, NOW and money market 

Time 

Total interest-bearing deposits 

Total deposits 

Federal funds purchased and retail repurchase agreements 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

Subordinated debt 

Contractual obligations 

Interest payable and other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingent liabilities , see Notes 22 and 23 

Stockholders equity, see Note 14 

Common stock 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Treasury stock 

() 

() 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F- 4 

EQUITY BANCSHARES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STAT EMENTS OF INCOME 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Interest and dividend income 

Loans, including fees 

Securities, taxable 

Securities, nontaxable 

Federal funds sold and other 

Total interest and dividend income 

Interest expense 

Deposits 

Federal funds purchased and retail repurchase agreements 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

Federal Reserve Bank discount window 

Bank stock loan 

Subordinated debt 

Total interest expense 

Net interest income 

Provision (reversal) for credit losses 

() 

Net interest income after provision (reversal) for credit losses 

Non-interest income 

Service charges and fees 

Debit card income 

Mortgage banking 

Increase in value of bank-owned life insurance 

Net gain on acquisition and branch sales 

Net gain (loss) from securities transactions 

Other 

Total non-interest income 

Non-interest expense 

Salaries and employee benefits 

Net occupancy and equipment 

Data processing 

Professional fees 

Advertising and business development 

Telecommunications 

FDIC insurance 

Courier and postage 

Free nationwide ATM cost 

Amortization of core deposit intangibles 

Loan expense 

Other real estate owned 

() 

Merger expenses 

Loss on debt extinguishment 

Goodwill impairment 

Other 

Total non-interest expense 

Income (loss) before income tax 

() 

Provision (benefit) for income taxes 

Net income (loss) and net income (loss) allocable to common stockholders 

() 

Basic earnings (loss) per share 

() 

Diluted earnings (loss) per share 

() 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 5 

EQUITY BANCSHARES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss): 

Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during the period on available-for-sale securities 

() 

() 

Reclassification for net securities gains (losses) included in net income 

() 

() 

Unrealized holding gain arising from the transfer of held-to-maturity securities to available-for-sale 

Amortization of unrealized losses on held-to-maturity securities 

Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during the period on cash flow hedges 

() 

() 

Total other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

() 

Tax effect 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

() 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F- 6 

EQUITY BANCSHARES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Common Stock 

Accumulated 

Shares Outstanding 

Amount 

Additional Paid-In Capital 

Retained Earnings 

Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Treasury Stock 

Employee Stock Loans 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Balance at December 31, 2019 

() 

() 

() 

Net income 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax effects 

Stock-based compensation, see Note 19 

Common stock issued upon exercise of stock options 

Repayments on employee stock loans 

Common stock issued under stock-based incentive plans 

Common stock issued under employee stock purchase plan 

Treasury stock purchases 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

Net income (loss) 

Other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax effects 

() 

() 

Cash dividends - common stock, per share 

() 

() 

Dividend equivalents - restricted stock units, per share 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation, see Note 19 

Common stock issued upon exercise of stock options 

Repayments on employee stock loans 

Common stock issued under stock-based incentive plan 

Common stock issued under employee stock purchase plan 

Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle from implementation of ASU 2016-13 

() 

() 

ASBI merger 

Treasury stock purchases 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

Net income (loss) 

Other comprehensive income/(loss), net of tax effects 

() 

() 

Cash dividends - common stock, per share 

() 

() 

Dividend equivalents - restricted stock units, per share 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation, see Note 19 

Common stock issued upon exercise of stock options 

Common stock issued under stock-based incentive plan 

Common stock issued under employee stock purchase plan 

Treasury stock purchases 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 F- 7 

EQUITY BANCSHARES, INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 

(Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash from operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation 

Depreciation 

Amortization of operating lease right-of-use asset 

Amortization of cloud computing implementation costs 

Provision (reversal) for credit losses 

() 

Goodwill impairment 

Net amortization (accretion) of purchase valuation adjustments 

() 

() 

Amortization (accretion) of premiums and discounts on securities 

Amortization of intangible assets 

Deferred income taxes 

() 

Federal Home Loan Bank stock dividends 

() 

() 

() 

Loss (gain) on sales and valuation adjustments on other real estate owned 

() 

Net loss (gain) on sales and settlements of securities 

() 

() 

Change in unrealized (gains) losses on equity securities 

() 

() 

Loss (gain) on disposal of premises and equipment 

() 

() 

Loss (gain) on lease termination 

() 

Loss (gain) on sales of foreclosed assets 

() 

() 

Loss (gain) on sales of loans 

() 

() 

() 

Originations of loans held for sale 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from the sale of loans held for sale 

Increase in the value of bank-owned life insurance 

() 

() 

() 

Change in fair value of derivatives recognized in earnings 

() 

() 

Gain on acquisition and branch sales 

() 

() 

() 

Payments on operating lease payable 

() 

() 

() 

Net change in: 

Interest receivable 

() 

Other assets 

() 

() 

Interest payable and other liabilities 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows (to) from investing activities 

Purchases of available-for-sale securities 

() 

() 

() 

Purchases of held-to-maturity securities 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sales, calls, pay-downs and maturities of available-for-sale securities 

Proceeds from calls, pay-downs and maturities of held-to-maturity securities 

Net change in interest-bearing time deposits in other banks 

Net change in loans 

() 

() 

Purchase of mortgage loans 

() 

() 

Purchase of USDA guaranteed loans 

() 

() 

Capitalized construction cost of other real estate owned 

() 

() 

Purchase of premises and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sale of premises and equipment 

Proceeds from sale of foreclosed assets 

Net redemptions (purchases) of Federal Home Loan Bank and Federal Reserve Bank stock 

() 

Net redemptions (purchases) of correspondent and miscellaneous other stock 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sale of other real estate owned 

Purchase of bank-owned life insurance 

() 

Proceeds from bank-owned life insurance death benefits 

Net cash (paid) received from acquisition of Almena 

Net cash (paid) received from acquisition of ASBI 

Net cash (paid) received from acquisition of Security Bank locations 

Net cash (paid) received from branch sale to United Bank and Trust 

() 

Net cash (paid) received from branch sale to High Plains Bank 

() 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

() 

() 

F- 8 

Cash flows (to) from financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in deposits 

() 

Net change in federal funds purchased and retail repurchase agreements 

() 

Net borrowings (repayments) on Federal Home Loan Bank line of credit 

() 

Proceeds from Federal Home Loan Bank term advances 

Principal repayments on Federal Home Loan Bank term advances 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from Federal Reserve Bank discount window 

Principal payments on Federal Reserve Bank discount window 

() 

() 

() 

Borrowings on bank stock loan 

Principal repayments on bank stock loan 

() 

Proceeds from exercise of employee stock options 

Principal payments on employee stock loan 

Proceeds from employee stock purchase plan 

Proceeds from subordinated notes 

Debt issue cost of subordinated notes 

() 

() 

Purchase of treasury stock 

() 

() 

() 

Net change in contractual obligations 

() 

() 

() 

Dividends paid on common stock 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

() 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Ending cash and cash equivalents 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid, net of refunds 

Supplemental noncash disclosures: 

Other real estate owned acquired in settlement of loans 

Other real estate owned transferred from premises and equipment 

Other repossessed assets acquired in settlement of loans 

Operating leases recognized 

Other real estate owned recorded as a result of transferring non-operational branch right-of-use-asset 

Total fair value of assets acquired in purchase of Almena, net of cash 

Total fair value of liabilities assumed in purchase of Almena locations 

Total fair value of assets acquired in purchase of ASBI, net of cash 

Total fair value of liabilities assumed in purchase of ASBI 

Total fair value of assets acquired in purchase of Security locations, net of cash 

Total fair value of liabilities assumed in purchase of Security locations 

Total fair value of assets sold in branch sale to United Bank and Trust, net of cash 

Total fair value of liabilities assumed in branch sale to United Bank and Trust 

Total fair value of assets sold in branch sale to High Plains Bank, net of cash 

Total fair value of liabilities assumed in branch sale to High Plains Bank 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F- 9 

EQUITY BANCSHARES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

credit loss, which is limited by the amount that the fair value is less than the amortized cost basis. Any impairment that has not been recorded through an allowance for credit losses is recognized in other comprehensive income. Changes in the allowance for credit losses are recorded as provision for or reversal of credit loss expense. Losses are charged against the allowance for credit losses when the Company determines the available-for-sale security is uncollectible or when either of the criteria regarding intent or requirement to sell is met. The Company does not estimate credit losses on available-for-sale security accrued interest receivable. 

The allowance for credit losses is measured on a collective basis for pools of loans with similar risk characteristics. The Company has identified the following pools of financial assets with similar risk characteristics for measuring expected credit losses. Commercial real estate mortgage loans Owner occupied commercial real estate mortgage loans are secured by commercial office buildings, industrial buildings, warehouses or retail buildings where the owner of the building occupies the property. For such loans, repayment is largely dependent upon the operation of the borrower's business. 

 Commercial and industrial loans Commercial and industrial loans include loans to business enterprises issued for commercial, industrial and/or other professional purposes. These loans are generally secured by equipment, inventory and accounts receivable of the borrower and repayment is primarily dependent on business cash flows. 

 Residential real estate mortgage loans Residential real estate mortgage consists primarily of loans secured by 1-4 family residential properties, including home equity lines of credit. Repayment is primarily dependent on the personal cash flow of the borrower. 

 Agricultural real estate loans Agricultural real estate loans are secured by real estate related to farmland and are affected by the value of farmland. Generally, the borrower s ability to repay is based on the value of farmland and cash flows from farming operations. 

 Agricultural production loans Agricultural production loans are primarily operating lines subject to annual farming revenues, including productivity and yield of farm products and market pricing at the time of sale. 

 Consumer Consumer loans include all loans issued to individuals not included in the categories above. Examples of consumer and other loans are automobile loans, consumer credit cards and loans to finance education, among others. Many consumer loans are unsecured. Repayment is primarily dependent on the personal cash flow of the borrower. 

 The Company primarily utilizes a probability of default PD and loss given default LGD modeling approach for historical loss coupled with a macroeconomic factor analysis derived from a statistical regression of loss experience correlated to changes in economic factors for all commercial banks operating within our geographical footprint. The macroeconomic regression is based on a multivariate approach and includes key indicators that provide the highest cumulative adjusted R-square figure. Economic factors include, but are not limited to, national unemployment, gross domestic product, market interest rates and property pricing indices. To arrive at the most predictive calculation, a lag factor was applied to these inputs, resulting in current and historic economic inputs driving the projection of loss over our reasonable, supportable forecast period which management has defined as 12 months for all portfolio segments. Following the reasonable and supportable forecast period loss experience immediately reverts to the longer run historical loss experience of the Company. The resultant loss rates are applied to the estimated future exposure at default EAD ), as determined based on contractual amortization terms through an average default month and estimated prepayment experience in arriving at the quantitative reserve within our allowance for credit losses. The estimated loan losses for all loan segments are adjusted for changes in qualitative factors not inherently considered in the quantitative analyses. The qualitative categories and the measurements used to quantify the risks within each of these categories are subjectively selected by management but measured by objective measurements period over period. The data for each measurement may be obtained from internal or external sources. The current period measurements are evaluated and assigned a factor commensurate with the current level of risk relative to past measurements over time. The resulting qualitative adjustments are applied to the relevant collectively evaluated loan portfolios. These adjustments are based upon quarterly trend assessments in projected economic sentiment, portfolio concentrations, policy exceptions, personnel retention, independent loan review results, collateral considerations, risk ratings and competition. The qualitative allowance allocation, as determined by the processes noted above, is increased or decreased for each loan segment based on the assessment of these various qualitative factors. Due to the inclusion of a lag factor in our quantitative economic analysis discussed above, the allowance for credit losses at the reporting date, is heavily influenced by the qualitative economic factor considered by management to be reflective of risk associated with the continued market disruption caused by elevated inflationary levels, supply chain issues and the impact of monetary policy on consumers and businesses. Loans that do not share similar risk characteristics with the collectively evaluated pools are evaluated on an individual basis and are excluded from the collectively evaluated loan pools. Such loans are evaluated for credit losses based on either discounted cash flows or the fair value of collateral. When management determines that foreclosure is probable, expected credit losses are based on the fair value of the collateral, less selling costs. For loans for which foreclosure is not probable, but for which repayment is expected to be provided substantially through the operation or sale of the collateral, the Company has elected the practical expedient under ASC 326 to estimate expected credit losses based on the fair value of collateral, with selling costs considered in the event sale of the collateral is expected. Loans for which terms have been modified in a troubled debt restructuring TDR are evaluated using these same individual evaluation methods. In the event the discounted cash flow method is used for a TDR, the original interest rate is used to discount expected cash flows. In assessing the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses, the Company considers the results of the Company s ongoing, independent loan review process. The Company undertakes this process both to ascertain those loans in the portfolio with elevated credit risk and to assist in its overall evaluation of the risk characteristics of the entire loan portfolio. Its loan review process includes the judgment of management, independent internal loan reviewers and reviews that may have been conducted by third-party reviewers including regulatory examiners. The Company incorporates relevant loan review results when determining the allowance. In accordance with CECL, losses are estimated over the remaining contractual terms of loans, adjusted for estimated prepayments. The contractual term excludes expected extensions, renewals and modifications unless management has a reasonable expectation at the reporting date that a troubled debt restructuring will be executed or such renewals, extensions or modifications are included in the original loan agreement and are not unconditionally cancellable by the Company. Credit losses are estimated on the amortized cost basis of loans, which includes the principal balance outstanding, purchase discounts and premiums and loan fees and costs. Accrued interest receivable, as allowed under ASU 2016-13, is excluded from the credit loss estimate. In addition, accrued interest receivable is presented separately on the balance sheets and is excluded from the tabular loan disclosures in Note 4. The Company s policies and procedures used to estimate the allowance for credit losses, as well as the resultant provision for credit losses charged to income, are considered adequate by management and are reviewed periodically by model validators, internal audit and regulators they are inherently approximate estimates and imprecise. There are factors beyond the Company s control, such as changes in projected economic conditions, real estate markets or particular industry conditions which may materially impact asset quality and the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses and thus the resulting provision for credit losses. Allowance for Credit Losses Off-Balance-Sheet Credit Exposures The Company estimates expected credit losses over the contractual term of obligations to extend credit, unless the obligation is unconditionally cancellable. The allowance for off-balance-sheet exposures is adjusted through other non-interest expense. The estimates are determined based on the likelihood of funding during the contractual term and an estimate of credit losses subsequent to funding. Estimated credit losses on subsequently funded balances are based on the same assumptions used to estimate credit losses on existing funded loans. 

years. The useful lives of furniture, fixtures and equipment are estimated to be to years. Leasehold improvements are capitalized and depreciated using the straight-line method over the terms of the respective leases or the estimated useful lives of the improvements, whichever is shorter. Property held for sale is carried at the lower of cost or fair value. Premises and equipment and other long-term assets are reviewed for impairment when events indicate their carrying amount may not be recoverable from future undiscounted cash flows. If impaired, the assets are recorded at fair value. Lease Obligation. The Company evaluates contracts that convey the right to control the use of identified property, plant or equipment for a period of time for consideration to determine if they are lease obligations. The Company evaluates each lease component to determine if the lease qualifies as a financing lease or as an operating lease. Leases that meet any of the following criteria are considered financing leases: (1) the lease transfers ownership of the underlying asset by the end of the lease term; (2) the lease grants the Company an option to purchase the underlying asset that the Company is reasonably certain to exercise; (3) the lease term is the major part of the remaining economic life of the underlying asset; (4) the present value of the sum of the lease payments and any residual value guaranteed by the Company that is not already reflected in lease payments equals or exceeds substantially all of the fair value of the underlying asset; or (5) the underlying asset is of such a specialized nature that it is expected to have no alternative use to the lessor at the end of the lease term. If none of the financing lease criteria are met, the lease is considered an operating lease. The Company evaluates each lease to determine the lease term which will be used based on the type and use of the leased equipment and future expected changes in operations. The resulting lease term will consist of the non-cancellable period for which the Company has the right to use the underlying asset plus (1) periods covered by an option to extend the lease if the Company is reasonably certain to exercise that option; (2) periods covered by an option to terminate the lease if the Company is reasonably certain not to exercise that option; and (3) periods covered by an option to extend the lease in which exercise of the option is controlled by the lessor. The Company has certain leases that contain options to extend the lease and contain options for changes in lease payments which are evaluated by the Company to determine the recorded values for right-of-use assets and lease liability. Lease payments that are contractually known at lease inception are used by the Company for calculating the right-of-use asset and lease liability. Lease payments that vary because of facts or circumstances after the commencement date of the lease from other than passage of time are treated as variable lease payments and are recorded to lease expense in the period in which the obligation for the payments are incurred by the Company. Variable lease payments are not part of the lease payments for determining the right-of-use asset or the lease liability at the lease commencement date. The discount rate to initially determine the present value of the lease payments is based on the information available at the lease commencement date and is either the rate implicit in the lease or the Company s incremental borrowing rate. If the rate implicit in the lease is known or determinable, that rate shall be used. If that rate is not known, the Company s incremental borrowing rate shall be used. Operating lease right-of-use assets and lease obligations are accounted for subsequent to initial recording by amortizing the right-of-use asset over the lease term on a straight-line method while the lease obligation is increased by the accrual of interest and decreased by subsequent lease payments. Operating lease right-of-use asset amortization and lease obligation interest are reported in non-interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Operating lease payments and variable lease payments are reflected within cash flows from operating activities in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. Financing lease right-of-use assets and lease obligations are accounted for subsequent to initial recording by amortizing the right-of-use asset similar to owned assets over the lesser of the lease term or economic life of the asset if the lease transfers ownership of the leased asset while the lease obligation is increased by the accrual of interest and decreased by subsequent lease payments. Financing lease right-of-use asset amortization is reported in non-interest expense, similar to other owned assets, and lease obligation interest accruals are reported in interest expense in the Consolidated Statements of Income. Financing lease obligation principal payments are reflected within cash flows from financing activities and interest payments and variable lease payments are reflected with the cash flows from operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. The Company evaluates lease modifications and will consider the modification a new contract if the modification grants the lessee an additional right of use not included in the original lease and the lease payments increase commensurate with the stand-alone price for the additional right-of-use asset. The Company will reallocate the remaining consideration in the contract and remeasure the lease liability using a discount rate for the lease determined at the effective date of the lease modification if the contract modification does any of the following: (1) grants the Company an additional right of use that was not included in the original contract; (2) extends or reduces the term of an existing lease; (3) fully or partially terminates an existing lease; or (4) changes the consideration in the contract only. The Company will recognize the remeasurement of the lease liability for the modification as an adjustment of the right-of-use asset when the contract modification grants additional right-of-use-assets, extends or reduces the term of the lease or changes the consideration of the lease contract. In the case of full or partial termination of the lease, the Company will decrease the carrying amount of the right-of-use-asset on a proportionate basis to the reduction in the lease liability with a gain or loss recognized for the difference between the lease liability adjustment and right of use asset adjustment. If the Company modifies an operating lease, where the Company is the lessor, and the modification is not accounted for as a separate contract, the Company will account for the modification as if it were a termination of the existing lease and the creation of a new lease that commences on the effective date of the modification as follows: If the modified lease is classified as an operating lease, the Company will consider any prepaid or accrued lease rentals relating to the original lease as part of the lease payments for the modified lease. 

 If the modified lease is classified as a direct financing lease or a sales-type lease, the Company will derecognize any deferred rent liability or accrued rent asset and adjust the selling profit or loss. 

 If the Company modifies a direct financing lease, where the Company is the lessor, and the modification is not accounted for as a separate contract, the Company will account for the modified lease as follows: If the modified lease is classified as a direct financing lease, the Company will adjust the discount rate for the modified lease, so the initial net investment equals the carrying amount of the original lease at the modification effective date. 

 If the modified lease is classified as a sales-type lease, the Company shall determine the selling profit/loss on commencement date of the modified lease as the difference between the fair value of the underlying asset and net investment in the original lease prior to modification. 

 If the modified lease is classified as an operating lease, the carrying amount of the underlying asset shall equal the net investment in the original lease immediately before the effective date of the modification. 

 If the Company modifies a sales-type lease, where the Company is the lessor, and the modification is not accounted for as a separate contract, the Company will account for the modified lease as follows: If the modified lease is classified as a direct financing lease, the Company will adjust the discount rate for the modified lease, so the initial net investment of the modified lease equals the carrying amount of the original lease at the modification effective date. 

 If the modified lease is classified as a direct financing lease, the Company will adjust the discount rate for the modified lease, so the initial net investment equals the carrying amount of the original lease at the modification effective date. 

. Goodwill and core deposit intangibles are assessed at least annually for impairment and any such impairment is recognized and expensed in the period identified. The Company has selected December 31 as the date to perform its annual goodwill impairment test. Goodwill is the only intangible asset with an indefinite useful life. 
 
 entities to exchange cash flows in the future. The agreement sets the dates on which the cash flows will be paid and the manner in which the cash flows will be calculated. Typically, an interest rate swap transaction is used as an exchange of cash flows based on a fixed rate for cash flows based on a variable rate. In an interest rate cap agreement, a cash flow is generated if the price or interest rate of an underlying variable rises above a certain threshold price or interest rate. In an interest rate floor agreement, a cash flow is generated if the price or interest rate of an underlying variable falls below a certain threshold price or interest rate. Caps and floors are designed as protection against the interest rate on a variable rate asset or liability rising above or falling below a certain level. At the inception of a derivative contract, the Company designates the derivatives as one of three types. These three types are: (1) a hedge of the fair value of a recognized asset or liability or of an unrecognized firm commitment fair value hedge ); (2) a hedge of a forecasted transaction or the variability of cash flows to be received or paid related to a recognized asset or liability cash flow hedge ); or (3) an instrument with no hedging designation stand-alone derivative ). The Company presents gains/(losses) on derivatives and hedging activities for qualifying hedges in the following manner. For a fair value hedge, the gain or loss on the derivative, as well as the offsetting loss or gain on the hedged item and net interest settlements, are recognized in net interest income in the same line as the earnings effect of the hedged item. For a cash flow hedge, the gain or loss on the derivative is reported in other comprehensive income and is reclassified into earnings in the same periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. Changes in the fair value of derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting are reported currently in earnings as non-interest income. Net cash settlements on derivatives that qualify for hedge accounting are recorded in interest income or interest expense, based on the item being hedged. Net cash settlements on derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting are reported in non-interest income. Cash flows on hedges are classified in the cash flow statement the same as the cash flows of the items being hedged unless the derivative meets the criteria to be a financing derivative. All derivatives are recognized in the consolidated balance sheet at their fair values and are reported as either derivative assets or derivative liabilities net of accrued net settlements and collateral, if any. The individual derivative amounts are netted by counterparty when the netting requirements have been met. If these netted values are positive, they are classified as an asset and, if negative, they are classified as a liability. The Company formally documents the relationship between derivatives and hedged items, as well as the risk-management objective and the strategy for undertaking hedge transactions at the inception of the hedging relationship. This documentation includes linking fair value or cash flow hedges to specific assets and liabilities on the balance sheet or to specific firm commitments or forecasted transactions. The Company also formally assesses, both at the hedge s inception and on an ongoing basis, at least quarterly, whether the derivative instruments that are used are highly effective in offsetting changes in fair values or cash flows of the hedged items. The Company discontinues hedge accounting when it determines that the derivative is no longer effective in offsetting changes in the fair value or cash flows of the hedged item, the derivative is settled or terminates, a hedged forecasted transaction is no longer probable, a hedged firm commitment is no longer firm or treatment of the derivative as a hedge is no longer appropriate or intended. When hedge accounting is discontinued, subsequent changes in fair value of the derivative are recorded as non-interest income. When a fair value hedge is discontinued, the hedged asset or liability is no longer adjusted for changes in fair value and the existing basis adjustment is amortized or accreted over the remaining life of the asset or liability. When a cash flow hedge is discontinued but the hedged cash flows or forecasted transactions are still expected to occur, gains or losses that are accumulated in other comprehensive income are amortized into earnings over the same periods which the hedged transactions will affect earnings. The Company has historically entered into interest rate cap derivatives to assist with interest rate risk management. These derivatives are not designated as hedging instruments but rather as stand-alone derivatives. The fair values of stand-alone derivatives are included in other assets and other liabilities. Changes in fair value of stand-alone derivatives are recorded through earnings as non-interest income. 
 material amounts to report for interest or penalties incurred in 2022, 2021, or 2020. 
 
 Compensation expense associated with restricted stock units is based on the fair value of the units at the grant date. This compensation expense is recognized ratably over the service period stipulated in the grant agreement. 

, an increase in allowance for credit losses on unfunded loan commitments of , a reclassification of purchased credit-impaired discount from loans to the ACL of , an increase in deferred tax asset of and a decrease in retained earnings of . The increase in the ACL at implementation date was largely attributable to moving to a life of loan allowance methodology and the transition of certain purchase discounts from an adjustment to amortized cost into the ACL. In March 2020, FASB issued ASU 2020-04, Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting . ASU 2020-04 provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying GAAP to transactions affected by reference rate reform if certain criteria are met. The transactions primarily include contract modifications; hedging relationships; and sale or transfer of debt securities classified as held-to-maturity. The guidance was effective immediately for the Company and the amendments may be applied prospectively through December 31, 2022. The Company s contracts issued prior to December 31, 2021, are primarily LIBOR tenures that will continue to be published until June 30, 2023, and the Company has reviewed the respective fall back language of these contracts and believe that the language is operational. The Company will continually evaluate these contracts until the index is no longer published or final contract modifications are completed; however, the financial impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows will depend on the population of contracts that are still outstanding on the date the underlying indexes are no longer published. In January 2021, FASB issued ASU 2021-01, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848) . ASU 2021-01 clarifies that certain optional expedients and exceptions that are noted in Topic 848 apply to derivatives that are affected by the discounting transition. Certain provisions, if elected by the Company, apply to derivative instruments that use an interest rate for managing, discounting or contract price alignment that is modified as a result of reference rate reform. The guidance was effective immediately for the Company and the amendments may be applied prospectively through December 31, 2022. The Company s contracts issued prior to December 31, 2021, are primarily LIBOR tenures that will continue to be published until June 30, 2023, and the Company has reviewed the respective fallback language of these contracts and believe that the language is operational. The Company will continually evaluate these contracts until the index is no longer published or final contract modifications are completed; however, the financial impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows will depend on the population of contracts that are still outstanding on the date the underlying indexes are no longer published. In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-01, Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815), Fair Value Hedging Portfolio Layer Method . ASU 2022-01 expands the current last-of-layer method to allow multiple hedged layers of a single closed portfolio; expands the scope of the portfolio layer method to include nonprepayable financial assets; addresses the types of hedging instruments that are eligible in a single-layer hedge; provided additional guidance on the accounting for and disclosure of hedging basis adjustments; and provided guidance on how hedge basis adjustments should be considered when determining credit losses for the assets included in the closed portfolio. The guidance will be effective for the Company in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, and interim periods within those fiscal years. This guidance requires a modified retrospective basis by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings on the initial application date. The implementation of this guidance did not have a material financial impact on its financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. In March 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-02, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326), Trouble Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures . ASU 2022-02 eliminates the accounting guidance for TDRs by creditors, while enhancing disclosure requirements for loan restructurings by creditor when a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty. Creditors will be required to apply the refinancing and restructuring guidance to determine whether a modification results in a new loan or a continuation of an existing loan. Additionally, ASU 2022-02 requires that public business entities disclose gross write offs by year of origination for financing receivables and net investment in leases within the scope of Financial Instruments Credit Losses Measured at Amortized Cost of the Accounting Standards Codification. The guidance is effective for the Company for fiscal years beginning after December 31, 2022, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is permitted to apply the guidance prospectively or through a modified retrospective method, resulting in a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings in the period of adoption. Since the Company had adopted ASU 2016-13 effective January 1, 2021, the Company is permitted to early adopt the guidance in totality or individually for the topics covered in this update. The Company did not early adopt this guidance and the implementation of this guidance did not have a material financial impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows, but will impact the Company s future loan disclosures. In June 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-03, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820), Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions. ASU 2022-03 clarifies that a contractual restriction on the sale of an equity security is not considered part of the unit of account of the equity security and the restriction is not considered in measuring fair value. In addition, the guidance clarifies that the contractual restriction cannot be valued as a separate unit of account or be recognized separately. This guidance provides additional disclosures for equity securities subject to contractual sale restrictions. The guidance is effective for the Company for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted for both interim and annual financial statements that have not been issued or made available for issuance. The Company did not expect this guidance to have a material financial impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. In December 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-06, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848), Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848. ASU 2022-06 extends the current sunset date of Topic 848 from December 31, 2022, to December 31, 2024, to allow for contracts tied to certain tenors of USD LIBOR that have cessation dates of June 30, 2023 to apply the relief of Topic 848. The Company will continually evaluate contracts subject to this guidance until the index is no longer published or final contract modifications are completed; however, the financial impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows will depend on the population of contracts that are still outstanding on the date the underlying indexes are no longer published. 

F- 18 

branch location located in Cordell, Oklahoma to High Plains Bank HPB ). Results of the branch sale were included in the Company's results of operations beginning November 14, 2022. There were branch sale related costs on the Company's income statement for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Loans 

Premises and equipment 

Core deposit intangible 

Total assets sold 

Deposits 

Interest payable and other liabilities 

Total liabilities assumed by HPB 

Total net assets 

() 

Cash paid 

Gain on branch sale 

() 

Total sold loans 

Demand, savings and money markets 

Time 

Total interest-bearing deposits 

Total deposits 

At the close of business on June 24, 2022, the Company sold branch locations located in Belleville, Clyde and Concordia, Kansas to United Bank and Trust UBT ). Results of the branch sale were included in the Company's results of operations beginning June 27, 2022. Branch sale related costs were on an after-tax basis) and are included in merger expense in the Company's income statement for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Loans 

Premises and equipment 

Goodwill 

Core deposit intangible 

Other assets 

Total assets sold 

Deposits 

Interest payable and other liabilities 

Total liabilities assumed by UBT 

Total net assets 

() 

Cash paid 

Gain on branch sale 

() 

Commercial and industrial 

Residential real estate 

Agricultural real estate 

Consumer 

Total sold loans 

Demand 

Total non-interest-bearing deposits 

Demand, savings and money markets 

Time 

Total interest-bearing deposits 

Total deposits 

At close of business on October 1, 2021, the Company acquired of the outstanding common shares of American State Bancshares, Inc. ASBI ), based in Wichita, Kansas. Results of operations of American State Bank American State were included in the Company s results of operations beginning October 4, 2021. Acquisition-related costs associated with this acquisition were on an after-tax basis) and are included in merger expense in the Company s income statement for the year ended December 31, 2021. Additional acquisition-related costs for this acquisition were recognized in 2022 of on an after-tax basis) and are included in merger expense in the Company's income statement for the year ended December 31, 2022. Information necessary to recognize the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed is complete except for certain matters related to loans and taxes. The cash consideration exchanged exceeded the recognized amounts of the identifiable net assets acquired, resulting in goodwill of . The acquisition was an expansion to the Company s current footprint in Kansas with the addition of branch locations in the Wichita area, in Southwest Kansas, in Central Kansas and in North Central Kansas. 

Common Stock 

Recognized amounts of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed: 

Cash and due from banks 

Federal funds sold 

Available-for-sale securities 

Bank-owned life insurance 

Federal Reserve Bank and Federal Home Loan Bank stock 

Loans 

Premises and equipment 

Core deposit intangibles 

Other assets 

Total assets acquired 

Deposits 

Federal funds purchased and retail repurchase agreements 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

Subordinated debt 

Interest payable and other liabilities 

Total liabilities assumed 

Total identifiable net assets 

Goodwill 

components is recorded as an adjustment to par Non-Credit Rate Marks and reflected as an adjustment to the carrying value of that asset within the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Following purchase, an ACL is also established for these non-purchase credit deteriorated assets which is not reflected in this table as it is accounted for outside of the business combination. For purchase-credit deteriorated assets, as required by CECL, the fair value mark is divided between an adjustment to par Non-Credit Rate Marks and an addition to the ACL Credit Marks in ACL ). The addition to ACL is based on the application of management s CECL methodology to the individual loans. 

Non-Purchase Credit Deteriorated Loans 
 
 Loan Par Value 

Non-Credit Rate Marks 

Purchase Price 

Commercial real estate 

() 

Commercial and industrial 

() 

Residential real estate 

() 

Agricultural real estate 

() 

Agricultural 

() 

Consumer 

() 

Total non-PCD loans 

() 

Purchase Credit Deteriorated Loans 
 
 Loan Par Value 

Non-Credit Rate Marks 

Credit Marks in ACL 

Purchase Price 

Commercial real estate 

() 

() 

Commercial and industrial 

() 

() 

Residential real estate 

() 

() 

Agricultural real estate 

() 

() 

Agricultural 

() 

() 

Consumer 

() 

() 

Total PCD loans 

() 

() 

Total Purchased Loans 
 
 Purchase Price 

Non-Purchase Credit Deteriorated Loans 

Purchase Credit Deteriorated Loans 

Total loans 

On December 3, 2021, the Company acquired the assets and assumed the deposits and certain other liabilities of bank locations in St. Joseph, Missouri, from Security Bank of Kansas City, based in Kansas City, Kansas Security ). Results of operations of these new branches were included in the Company s results of operations beginning December 6, 2021. Acquisition-related costs associated with this acquisition were on an after-tax basis) and are included in merger expenses in the Company s income statement for the year ended December 31, 2021. Additional acquisition-related costs for this acquisition were recognized in 2022 of on an after-tax basis) and are included in merger expense in the Company's income statement for the year ended December 31, 2022. Information necessary to recognize the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed is complete except for certain matters related to loans and taxes. The recognized amounts of the identifiable net assets acquired, exceeded the cash consideration exchanged resulting in goodwill of . The acquisition was an expansion to the Company s current footprint in Missouri with the addition of branch locations in St. Joseph, Missouri. 

Loans 

Premises and equipment 

Core deposit intangibles 

Other assets 

Total assets acquired 

Deposits 

Interest payable and other liabilities 

Total liabilities assumed 

Total identifiable net assets 

() 

Goodwill 

The fair value of consideration exchanged exceeded the recognized amounts of the identifiable net assets and resulted in goodwill of . Goodwill resulted from a combination of expected synergies including expansion in western Missouri with an additional bank locations and growth opportunities . 

Residential real estate 

Consumer 

Total acquired loans 

Assuming that the ASBI and Security acquisitions would have taken place on January 1, 2020, total combined revenue would have been for year ended December 31, 2021 and for year ended December 31, 2020. Net income would have been at December 31, 2021, and net loss would have been at December 31, 2020. The pro forma amounts disclosed exclude merger expense from non-interest expense, which is considered a non-recurring adjustment. Separate revenue and earnings of the former ASBI locations are not available subsequent to the acquisition. At the close of business on October 23, 2020, the Company acquired the assets and assumed the deposit liabilities of Almena State Bank Almena ), based in Norton, Kansas, pursuant to a Purchase and Assumption Agreement facilitated by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC ). Results of Almena operations were included in the Company s results of operations beginning October 24, 2020. Acquisition-related costs associated with this acquisition were on an after-tax basis) and are included in merger expense in the Company s income statement for the year ended December 31, 2020. Additional acquisition-related costs for this acquisition were recognized in 2021 of on an after-tax basis) and are included in merger expense in the Company s income statement for the year ended December 31, 2021. The recognized amounts of the identifiable net assets acquired, exceeded the cash consideration exchanged resulting in a gain on acquisition of . The acquisition was an expansion to the Company s current footprint in western Kansas with the addition of branch location in Norton, Kansas, and in Almena, Kansas. 

Available-for-sale securities 

Federal Reserve Bank and Federal Home Loan Bank stock 

Loans 

Premises and equipment 

Other real estate owned 

Other assets 

Total assets acquired 

Deposits 

Federal funds purchased and retail repurchase agreements 

Interest payable and other liabilities 

Total liabilities assumed 

Total identifiable net assets 

Gain on acquisition 

() 

Non-accretable difference (expected losses) 

() 

Cash flows expected to be collected 

Accretable yield 

() 

Fair value of acquired loans 

Commercial and industrial 

Residential real estate 

Agricultural real estate 

Consumer 

Agricultural 

Fair value of acquired loans 

The pro forma amounts disclosed exclude merger expense from non-interest expense, which is considered a non-recurring adjustment. Separate revenue and earnings of the former Almena locations are not available subsequent to the acquisition. 

F- 23 

() 

U.S. Treasury securities 

() 

Mortgage-backed securities 

Government-sponsored residential mortgage-backed securities 

() 

Private label residential mortgage-backed securities 

() 

Corporate 

() 

Small Business Administration loan pools 

() 

State and political subdivisions 

() 

() 

December 31, 2021 

Available-for-sale securities 

U.S. Government-sponsored entities 

() 

U.S. Treasury securities 

() 

Mortgage-backed securities 

Government-sponsored residential mortgage-backed securities 

() 

Private label residential mortgage-backed securities 

() 

Corporate 

() 

Small Business Administration loan pools 

() 

State and political subdivisions 

() 

() 

State and political subdivisions 

One to five years 

Five to ten years 

After ten years 

Mortgage-backed securities 

Total debt securities 

The carrying value of securities pledged as collateral, to secure public deposits and for other purposes, was approximately at Dec ember 31, 2022, and at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were holdings of securities of any one issuer, other than the U.S. Government and its agencies, in an amount greater than 10 of stockholders equity. 

() 

() 

() 

U.S. Treasury securities 

() 

() 

() 

Mortgage-backed securities 

Government-sponsored residential mortgage-backed securities 

() 

() 

() 

Private label residential mortgage-backed securities 

() 

() 

() 

Corporate 

() 

() 

() 

Small Business Administration loan pools 

() 

() 

() 

State and political subdivisions 

() 

() 

() 

Total temporarily impaired securities 

() 

() 

() 

December 31, 2021 

Available-for-sale securities 

U.S. Government-sponsored entities 

() 

() 

U.S. Treasury securities 

() 

() 

Mortgage-backed securities 

Government-sponsored residential mortgage-backed securities 

() 

() 

() 

Private label residential mortgage-backed securities 

() 

() 

() 

Corporate 

() 

() 

Small Business Administration loan pools 

() 

() 

State and political subdivisions 

() 

() 

Total temporarily impaired securities 

() 

() 

() 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company held available-for-sale securities in an unrealized loss position. Unrealized losses on securities have not been recognized into income because the security issuers are of high credit quality, management does not intend to sell and it is more likely than not that the Company will not be required to sell the securities prior to their anticipated recovery, and the decline in fair value is largely due to changes in interest rates. The fair value is expected to recover as the securities approach maturity. The Company's available-for-sale investments that carry some form of credit risk are the investments in private label residential mortgage-backed securities, corporate securities and state and political subdivisions securities. All private label residential mortgage-backed securities held by the Company are senior in the capital structure, carry substantial credit enhancement and are risk weighted by the Simplified Supervisory Formula Approach SSFA ). At December 31, 2022, the Company does t anticipate any credit losses in the private label residential mortgage-backed securities portfolio. The Company's corporate debt exposure consists of separate positions in U.S. financial institutions, all of which the Company has determined to be investment grade. Substantially all of the positions are subordinated debt issued by bank holding companies. The Company periodically reviews financial data of the issuers to ensure their continued investment grade status. At December 31, 2022, the Company does t anticipate any credit losses in the corporate debt securities portfolio. The Company's portfolio of state and political subdivisions securities is comprised of positions of w hich of the positions are rated A or better by a Nationally Recognized Statistical Ratings Organization NRSRO ), and of the overall portfolio is made up of general obligation bonds. The Company periodically reviews financial data of the entities and regularly monitors credit ratings changes of the entities. At December 31, 2022, the Company does t anticipate any credit losses in the state and political subdivisions securities portfolio. 

Gross gains 

Gross losses 

Income tax expense on net realized gains 

Accounted for at amortized cost assessed for impairment 

Total investments in stocks 

Investments in partnerships 

Accounted for at equity method 

Accounted for at hypothetical liquidation book value 

Accounted for at proportional amortization 

Total investments in partnerships 

Total other investments 

F- 26 

Commercial and industrial 

Residential real estate 

Agricultural real estate 

Agricultural 

Consumer 

Total loans 

Allowance for credit losses 

() 

() 

Net loans 

Included in the commercial and industrial loan balances at December 31, 2022 and 2021, ar e and of loans that were originated under the SBA PPP program. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, unamortized loan fees were and . During 2022, the Company purchased pools of residential real estate loans totaling . During 2021, the Company purchased pools of residential real estate loans totaling . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, residential real estate loans include and of purchased residential real estate loans. The unamortized discount of merger purchase accounting adjustments related to non-purchase credit deteriorated loans included in the loan totals above are and with related loans of a nd at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Overdraft deposit accounts are reclassified and included in consumer loans above. These accounts totaled and at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company adopted ASU 2016-13, also referred to as CECL, effective January 1, 2021, and with that adoption the Company s method for estimating the allowance for credit losses has changed. The Company estimates the allowance for credit losses under CECL using relevant available information, from internal and external sources, relating to past events, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Internal historical loss experience provides the basis for the estimation of expected credit losses. Adjustments to historical loss information are made for differences in current loan-specific risk characteristics such as differences in underwriting standards, portfolio mix, delinquency levels or loan terms, as well as, for changes in environmental conditions, such as changes in unemployment rates, property values, consumer price index, gross domestic product, housing starts or relevant index, U.S. personal income, U.S. housing price indices, federal funds target and various U.S. Government interest rates. The allowance for credit losses is measured on a collective (pool) basis when similar risk characteristics exist. The Company has identified commercial real estate, commercial and industrial, residential real estate, agricultural real estate, agricultural production and consumer as portfolio segments and measures the allowance for credit losses using a historical loss rate method for each segment to estimate credit losses on a collective basis. The Company s CECL calculation utilizes historical loss rates, average default month, average prepayment rates and exposure at default as assumptions to calculate an unadjusted historical loss estimate for the contractual term of the loans adjusted for prepayment. The historical loss estimate is then adjusted for the anticipated changes in the Company s historical loss rate using a regression analysis and current economic variables over the next 12 months. The Company has selected 12 months as its reasonable and supportable forecast period and has selected an immediate reversion back to unadjusted historical loss rates for periods beyond the reasonable and supportable forecast period. The calculated historical loss estimate and the economic qualitative adjustment are further evaluated for change via a management qualitative adjustment factor. Management qualitative adjustments typically are anticipated changes in loss trends that are not reflected in the historical data to be used in forecasting. The Company evaluates all loans that do not share risk characteristics on an individual basis for estimating the allowance for credit loss. Loans evaluated on an individual basis are not included in the collective basis. The Company currently reviews all loans that are classified as non-accrual on an individual basis. The Company typically elects the collateral-dependent practical expedient on all loans individually assessed for credit losses and expected credit losses are based on the fair value of the collateral at the reporting date adjusted for selling costs as appropriate. The Company s ACL is highly dependent on credit quality, macroeconomic forecasts and conditions, the composition of our loan portfolio and other management judgments. The current management adjustment represents a significant portion of the Company s ACL and is comprised of the estimated impact to ACL from the impact of inflation and the associated monetary policy response and the impact of global market disruption. During 2021, the Company updated the purchase accounting conclusions related to PCD assets acquired through the Almena transaction and the adjustment is reflected in the table below within Impact of adopting ASC 326 PCD loans. During the year, additional information was obtained and additional analysis was performed by the management team which led to a modification of purchase date accounting. The adjustment resulted in a reduction in the allowance for credit losses which was offset by an increase in loan repurchase obligation, which is reported in interest payable and other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets, decrease in deferred tax asset and an increase in gain on acquisition. 

Provision (reversal) for credit losses 

() 

() 

() 

Loans charged-off 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Recoveries 

Total ending allowance balance 

December 31, 2021 
 
 Commercial Real Estate 

Commercial and Industrial 

Residential Real Estate 

Agricultural Real Estate 

Agricultural 

Consumer 

Total 

Allowance for credit losses: 

Beginning balance, prior to adoption of ASC 326 

Cumulative effect adjustment of adopting ASC 326 

() 

() 

Impact of adopting ASC 326 - PCD loans 

() 

PCD mark on acquired loans 

Provision (reversal) for credit losses 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Loans charged-off 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Recoveries 

Total ending allowance balance 

December 31, 2020 
 
 Commercial Real Estate 

Commercial and Industrial 

Residential Real Estate 

Agricultural Real Estate 

Agricultural 

Consumer 

Total 

Allowance for loan losses: 

Beginning balance 

Provision (reversal) for credit losses 

Loans charged-off 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Recoveries 

Total ending allowance balance 

Collectively evaluated for credit losses 

Total 

Loan Balance: 

Individually evaluated for credit losses 

Collectively evaluated for credit losses 

Total 

December 31, 2021 
 
 Commercial Real Estate 

Commercial and Industrial 

Residential Real Estate 

Agricultural Real Estate 

Agricultural 

Consumer 

Total 

Allowance for credit losses: 

Individually evaluated for credit losses 

Collectively evaluated for credit losses 

Total 

Loan Balance: 

Individually evaluated for credit losses 

Collectively evaluated for credit losses 

Total 

Commercial and industrial 

Residential real estate 

Agricultural real estate 

Agricultural 

Consumer 

Subtotal 

With an allowance recorded: 

Commercial real estate 

Commercial and industrial 

Residential real estate 

Agricultural real estate 

Agricultural 

Consumer 

Subtotal 

Total 

The above table presents interest income for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. Interest income recognized in the above table was substantially recognized on the cash basis. The recorded investment in loans excludes accrued interest receivable due to immateriality. The following table presents information related to nonaccrual loans at December 31, 2021. 

December 31, 2021 
 
 Unpaid Principal Balance 

Recorded Investment 

Allowance for Credit Losses Allocated 

Average Recorded Investment 

Interest Income Recognized 

With no related allowance recorded: 

Commercial real estate 

Commercial and industrial 

Residential real estate 

Agricultural real estate 

Agricultural 

Consumer 

Subtotal 

With an allowance recorded: 

Commercial real estate 

Commercial and industrial 

Residential real estate 

Agricultural real estate 

Agricultural 

Consumer 

Subtotal 

Total 

The above table presents interest income for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. Interest income recognized in the above table was substantially recognized on the cash basis. The recorded investment in loans excludes accrued interest receivable due to immateriality. 

Commercial and industrial 

Residential real estate 

Agricultural real estate 

Agricultural 

Consumer 

Total 

December 31, 2021 
 
 30 59 Days Past Due 

60 89 Days Past Due 

Greater Than 90 Days Past Due Still On Accrual 

Nonaccrual 

Loans Not Past Due 

Total 

Commercial real estate 

Commercial and industrial 

Residential real estate 

Agricultural real estate 

Agricultural 

Consumer 

Total 

Allowance for Credit Losses on Off-Balance-Sheet Credit Exposures The Company estimates expected credit losses over the contractual period in which the Company is exposed to credit risk from a contractual obligation to extend credit, unless that obligation is unconditionally cancellable by the Company. The allowance for credit losses on off-balance-sheet credit exposures is adjusted as a provision for credit loss expense recognized within other non-interest expense on the consolidated statements of income and included in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. The estimated credit loss includes consideration of the likelihood that funding will occur and an estimate of expected credit losses on commitments expected to be funded over its estimated life. The estimate of expected credit loss is based on the historical loss rate for the class of loan the commitments would be classified as if funded. 

Commercial and industrial 

Residential real estate 

Agricultural real estate 

Agricultural 

Consumer 

Total 

Credit Quality Indicators The Company categorizes loans into risk categories based on relevant information about the ability of borrowers to service their debt such as: current financial information, historical payment experience, credit documentation, public information and current economic trends, among other factors. The Company analyzes loans individually by classifying the loans as to credit risk. Consumer loans are considered unclassified credits unless downgraded due to payment status or reviewed as part of a larger credit relationship. The Company uses the following definitions for risk ratings: Pass : Loans classified as pass include all loans that do not fall under one of the three following categories. These loans are considered unclassified. Special Mention : Loans classified as special mention have a potential weakness that deserves management s close attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the loan or of the Company s credit position at some future date. These loans are considered classified. Substandard : Loans classified as substandard are inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Loans so classified have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. They are characterized by the distinct possibility that the institution will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. These loans are considered classified. Doubtful : Loans classified as doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified as substandard, with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions and values, highly questionable and improbable. These loans are considered classified. 

Special Mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total commercial real estate 

Commercial and industrial 

Risk rating 

Pass 

Special Mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total commercial and industrial 

Residential real estate 

Risk rating 

Pass 

Special Mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total residential real estate 

Agricultural real estate 

Risk rating 

Pass 

Special Mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total agricultural real estate 

Agricultural 

Risk rating 

Pass 

Special Mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total agricultural 

Consumer 

Risk rating 

Pass 

Special Mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total consumer 

Total loans 

Risk rating 

Pass 

Special Mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total loans 

The risk category of loans by type and year of origination, at December 31, 2021, is as follows. 

December 31, 2021 
 
 2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

2017 

Prior 

Revolving Loans Amortized Cost 

Revolving Loans Converted to Term 

Total 

Commercial real estate 

Risk rating 

Pass 

Special Mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total commercial real estate 

Commercial and industrial 

Risk rating 

Pass 

Special Mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total commercial and industrial 

Residential real estate 

Risk rating 

Pass 

Special Mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total residential real estate 

Agricultural real estate 

Risk rating 

Pass 

Special Mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total agricultural real estate 

Agricultural 

Risk rating 

Pass 

Special Mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total agricultural 

Consumer 

Risk rating 

Pass 

Special Mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total consumer 

Total loans 

Risk rating 

Pass 

Special Mention 

Substandard 

Doubtful 

Total loans 

n keeping with regulatory guidance to work with borrowers during COVID-19, the Company executed a payment deferral program for our commercial lending clients that were adversely affected by the pandemic. The Company made loan deferrals that qualified under section 4013 of the CARES Act and CAA Act, these deferred loans were not classified as trouble debt restructurings. Deferred loans were subject to ongoing monitoring. and were downgraded or placed on nonaccrual if noted repayment weaknesses ex isted. At December 31, 2021, the Company had loans, totaling million, that have been granted a payment deferral, as part of our COVID-19 response. At December 31, 2022, the deferral program has concluded and the previous deferred loans have been returned to their agreed upon repayment terms. 

6 months principal and interest, then 9 months principal only 

Total loans 

Commercial and industrial 

Total loans 

Purchased Credit Impaired Loans Prior to the adoption of CECL, the Company had acquired loans for which there was at acquisition, evidence of deterioration of credit quality since origination and it was probable, at acquisition, that all contractually required payments would not be collected. 

Discount 

() 

Recorded investment 

The accretable yield associated with these loans was as of December 31, 2020. The interest income recognized on these loans was for the year ended December 31, 2020. For the year ended December 31, 2020, there was a provision for loan losses recorded for these loans. Troubled Debt Restructurings Consistent with accounting and regulatory guidance, the Company recognizes a TDR when the Company, for economic or legal reasons related to a borrower s financial difficulties, grants a concession to the borrower that would not normally be considered. Regardless of the form of concession granted, the Company s objective in offering a TDR is to increase the probability of repayment of the borrower s loan. 

Commercial and industrial 

Residential real estate 

Agricultural real estate 

Agricultural 

Total troubled debt restructurings 

December 31, 2021 
 
 Nonaccrual 

Related Allowance for Credit Losses 

Commercial real estate 

Commercial and industrial 

Residential real estate 

Agricultural real estate 

Agricultural 

Total troubled debt restructurings 

Commercial and industrial 

Residential real estate 

Agricultural real estate 

Agricultural 

Total troubled debt restructurings 

There was in interest income recognized on loans modified as TDRs for the year ended December 31, 2022. income was recognized on TDR loans for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Agricultural 

Total TDR loans subsequently defaulted 

There were outstanding commitments to lend additional funds on these loans as of the periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Transfers in 

Net (loss) gain on sales 

Proceeds from sales 

() 

() 

Additions to valuation reserve 

() 

() 

Capitalized cost 

Right-of-use asset amortization 

() 

Recorded investment 

() 

() 

Gain on initial valuation of other real estate properties received 

() 

() 

Provision for unrealized losses 

Operating expenses, net of rental income 

Total 

() 

The balance of other real estate owned includes of foreclosed residential real estate properties recorded as a result of obtaining physical possession of the property at December 31, 2022, and at December 31, 2021. The recorded investment of consumer mortgage loans secured by residential real estate properties for which formal foreclosure proceedings are in process was at December 31, 2022, and at December 31, 2021. Included in the other real estate owned balance at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , is and related to closed bank locations transferred from premises and equipment. 

Buildings and improvements 

Furniture, fixtures and equipment 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Premises and equipment, net 

At December 31, 2022, the Company had lease liabilities totaling and right-of-use assets totaling r elated to operating leases. At December 31, 2021, the Company had lease liabilities totaling and right-of-use assets totaling related to operating leases. Lease liabilities and right-of-use assets are reflected in other liabilities and other assets. 

Total operating leases 

Right-of-use-asset reported in other assets 

Right-of-use-asset not in operation, reported in other real estate owned 

Total 

December 31, 2021 
 
 Right-of-Use Asset 

Lease Liability 

Weighted Average Lease Term in Years 

Weighted Average Discount Rate 

Operating leases 

Land and building leases 

Total operating leases 

Short-term lease cost 

Variable lease cost 

Total operating lease cost 

Due after one year through two years 

Due after two years through three years 

Due after three years through four years 

Due after four years through five years 

Thereafter 

Total undiscounted cash flows 

Discount on cash flows 

() 

Total 

Acquired in acquisition 

Amortization 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Sold in acquisition 

() 

() 

Amortization 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Expensed after one year through two years 

Expensed after two years through three years 

Expensed after three years through four years 

Expensed after four years through five years 

Thereafter 

Total 

, and . These balances are reflected in the other assets line in the consolidated balance sheets. Total unfunded commitments related to the investments in qualified affordable housing projects totaled , and at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company recognized amortization expense of , and , which was included in pretax income on the consolidated statements of income. Additionally, during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company recognized tax credits from its investment in affordable housing tax credits of , and . 

years, a weighted average pay rate of and a weighted average rate received of . At December 31, 2021, the portfolio of interest rate swaps had a weighted average maturity of years, a weighted average pay rate of and a weighted average rate received of . Interest Rate Swaps Designated as Cash Flow Hedges The Company has entered into cash flow hedges to hedge future cash flows related to subordinated notes interest expense and prime rate adjustable rate loans interest income. These agreements are designated as cash flow hedges and are marked to market through other comprehensive income. 

Prime based receivable loan hedges 

Total cash flow hedges 

Stand-Alone Derivatives The Company periodically enters into interest rate swaps with our borrowers and simultaneously enters into swaps with a counterparty with offsetting terms for the purpose of providing our borrowers long-term fixed rate loans. Neither swap is designated as a hedge and both are marked to market through earnings. Through the acquisition of ASBI, the Company obtained swap agreements with counterparties designed to offset the economic impact of fixed-rate loans. These swaps did not have corresponding agreements with the borrowers. At December 31, 2022, this portfolio of interest rate swaps had a weighted average maturity of years, weighed average pay rate of and a weighted average rate received of . At December 31, 2021, this portfolio of interest rate swaps had a weighted average maturity of years, a weighted average pay rate of and a weighted average rate received of . Reconciliation of Derivative Fair Values and Gains/(Losses) The notional amount of a derivative contract is a factor in determining periodic interest payments or cash flows received or paid. The notional amount of derivatives serves as a level of involvement in various types of derivatives. The notional amount does not represent the Company s overall exposure to credit or market risk, generally, the exposure is significantly smaller. 

Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges: 

Interest rate swaps 

Total derivatives designated as hedging relationships 

Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: 

Interest rate swaps 

Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 

Total 

Cash collateral 

() 

Netting adjustments 

() 

() 

Net amount presented in balance sheet 

() 

Total 

() 

Total net gains (losses) related to derivatives designated as hedging instruments 

Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges: 

Interest rate swaps 

Total net gains (losses) related to derivatives designated as cash flow hedges 

Total net gain (loss) related to hedging relationships 

Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: 

Economic hedges: 

Interest rate swaps 

Total net gains (losses) related to derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 

Net gains (losses) on derivatives and hedging activities 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

December 31, 2021 

Gain/(Loss) on Derivatives 

Gain/(Loss) on Hedged Items 

Net Fair Value Hedge Gain/(Loss) 

Effect of Derivatives on Net Interest Income 

Commercial real estate loans 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

December 31, 2020 

Gain/(Loss) on Derivatives 

Gain/(Loss) on Hedged Items 

Net Fair Value Hedge Gain/(Loss) 

Effect of Derivatives on Net Interest Income 

Commercial real estate loans 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

() 

Subordinated note hedges 

Total 

() 

() 

December 31, 2021 

Gain/(Loss) on Derivatives 

Gain/(Loss) Recorded in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 

Effect of Derivatives on Net Interest Income 

Prime based receivable loan hedges 

Subordinated note hedges 

() 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, Insured Cash Sweep ICS reciprocal demand deposits of and were included in the Company s interest bearing deposits. Also included in savings and money market deposits are and of ICS reciprocal money market deposits. ICS allows Equity Bank to break large deposits into smaller amounts and place them in a network of other ICS banks to ensure FDIC coverage on the e ntire deposit. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Services CDARS depos its of and were included in the Company s time deposit balance. Of the CDARS deposits at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and were reciprocal customer funds placed in the CDARS program. CDARS allows Equity Bank to break large deposits into small er amounts and place them in a network of other CDARS banks to ensure that FDIC insurance coverage is gained on the entire deposit. of total liabilities or billion and Equity Bank is well capitalized and well rated. All non-reciprocal deposits and reciprocal deposits in excess of regulatory limits are considered brokered deposits. 

Total interest-bearing demand 

Savings and money market 

Reciprocal 

Total saving and money market 

Time 

Reciprocal 

Non-reciprocal brokered 

Total time 

Total reciprocal and brokered deposits 

Due after one year through two years 

Due after two years through three years 

Due after three years through four years 

Due after four years through five years 

Thereafter 

Total 

Retail repurchase agreements 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase (retail repurchase agreements) consist of obligations of the Company to other parties. The obligations are secured by residential mortgage-backed securities held by the Company with a fair valu e of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The agreements are on a day-to-day basis and can be terminated on demand. 

Average interest rate during the period 

Maximum month-end balance during the period 

Weighted average interest rate at period-end 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

Federal Home Loan Bank fixed rate term advances 

Total principal outstanding 

Federal Home Loan Bank fixed rate term advances, fair market value adjustments 

Total Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had undisbursed advance commitments (letters of credit) with the Federal Home Loan Bank of a nd . These letters of credit were obtained in lieu of pledging securities to secure public fund deposits that are over the FDIC insurance limit. The advances, Mortgage Partnership Finance credit enhancement obligations and letters of credit were collateralized by certain qualifying loans of and securities of for a to tal of at D ecember 31, 2022, and qualifying loans totaling at December 31, 2021. Based on this collateral and the Company s holdings of Federal Home Loan Bank stock, the Company was eligible to borrow an additional and at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Bank Stock Loan The Company entered into an agreement with an unaffiliated financial institution secured by the Company s stock in Equity Bank. The loan had a maturity date of , and was extended to . Each draw of funds on the facility will create a separate note that is repayable over a term of . Each note will bear interest at the greater of a variable interest rate equal to the prime rate published in the Money Rates section of The Wall Street Journal (or any generally recognized successor), floating daily, or a floor of . Accrued interest and principal payments will be due quarterly with one final payment of unpaid principal and interest due at the end of the five-year term of each separate note. The Company is also required to pay an unused commitment fee in an amount equal to basis points per annum on the unused portion of the maximum borrowing facility. The loan was renewed and amended on February 11, 2022, with the same terms as the previous renewal, a new maturity date of and a new floor of . With this amendment, the maximum borrowing amount was decreased from to . The maximum borrowing amount at December 31, 2022, was . The loan was renewed and amended on February 10, 2023, with the same terms as the previous renewal and a new maturity date of . There were bank stock loan advances as of December 31, 2022, or December 31, 2021. The terms of the borrowing facility require the Company and Equity Bank to maintain minimum capital ratios and other covenants. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance within our loan contract and within all other terms of the borrowing facility. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, the Company was in compliance with all other terms of the borrowing facility. 

Subordinated notes 

Total 

Subordinated Debentures In conjunction with the 2012 acquisition of First Community Bancshares, Inc. (FCB), the Company assumed certain subordinated debentures owed to special purpose unconsolidated subsidiaries that are controlled by the Company, FCB Capital Trust II and FCB Capital Trust III, CTII and CTIII , respectively). On March 24, 2005, CTII, an unconsolidated subsidiary of the Company, issued of variable rate trust preferred securities, all of which are outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The trust preferred securities issued by CTII accrue and pay distributions quarterly at at December 31, 2022, and at December 31, 2021) on the stated liquidation amount of the trust preferred securities. As an integral part of the acquisition of FCB, the Company has guaranteed fully and unconditionally all of the obligations of CTII. The guaranty covers the quarterly distributions and payments on liquidation or redemption of the trust preferred securities. These trust preferred securities are mandatorily redeemable upon maturity on , or upon earlier redemption. The Company has the right to redeem the trust preferred securities in whole or in part, on or after April 15, 2015, at a redemption price specified in the indenture plus any accrued but unpaid interest to the redemption date. The proceeds from the sale of the trust preferred securities and the issuance of in common securities to FCB were used by CTII to purchase of floating rate subordinated debentures of FCB which have the same payment terms as the trust preferred securities. On March 30, 2007, CTIII, an unconsolidated subsidiary of the Company, issued of variable rate trust preferred securities, all of which are outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The trust preferred securities issued by CTIII accrue and pay distributions quarterly at at December 31, 2022, and at December 31, 2021) on the stated liquidation amount of the trust preferred securities. As an integral part of the acquisition of FCB, the Company has guaranteed fully and unconditionally all of the obligations of CTIII. The guaranty covers the quarterly distributions and payments on liquidation or redemption of the trust preferred securities. These trust preferred securities are mandatorily redeemable upon maturity on , or upon earlier redemption. The Company has the right to redeem the trust preferred securities in whole or in part at a redemption price specified in the indenture plus any accrued but unpaid interest to the redemption date. The proceeds from the sale of the trust preferred securities and the issuance of in common securities to FCB were used by CTIII to purchase of floating rate subordinated debentures of FCB which have the same payment terms as the trust preferred securities. In conjunction with the 2016 acquisition of Community First Bancshares, Inc. (CFBI), the Company assumed certain subordinated debentures owed to a special purpose unconsolidated subsidiary, Community First (AR) Statutory Trust I, CFSTI ). The trust preferred securities issued by CFSTI accrue and pay distributions quarterly at at December 31, 2022, and at December 31, 2021) on the stated liquidation amount of the trust preferred securities. These trust preferred securities are mandatorily redeemable upon maturity on , or upon earlier redemption. The common securities issued to the Company by the trusts possess sole voting rights with respect to matters involving those entities. The Company has the right to defer the payment of interest on all of its outstanding trust preferred securities. The Company has the right to declare such a deferral for up to 20 consecutive quarterly periods and deferral may only be declared as long as the Company is not then in default under the provisions of the Amended and Restated Trust Agreements. During the deferral period, interest on the indebtedness continues to accrue and the unpaid interest is compounded. As long as the deferral period continues, the Company is prohibited from: (i) declaring or paying any dividend on any of its capital stock, which would include both its common stock and the outstanding preferred stock issued to the Treasury, or (ii) making any payment on any debt security that is ranked equally with or junior to the securities issued by the trust. As a part of the acquisition of FCB, the Company recorded the debentures at an estimated fair value of . As part of the acquisition of CFBI, the Company recorded the debentures at an estimated fair value of . The initial fair value adjustments will be amortized against earnings on a prospective basis. In conjunction with the 2021 acquisition of ASBI, the Company assumed certain subordinated debentures owed to a special purpose unconsolidated subsidiary, American State Bank Statutory Trust I, ASBSTI ). The trust preferred securities issued by ASBSTI accrue and pay distributions quarterly at at December 31, 2022, and at December 31, 2021) on the stated liquidation amount of the trust preferred securities. These trust preferred securities are mandatorily redeemable upon maturity on , or upon earlier redemption. On September 15, 2005, ASBSTI, an unconsolidated subsidiary of the Company, issued of variable rate trust preferred securities, all of which are outstanding at December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. As an integral part of the acquisition of ASBI, the Company has guaranteed fully and unconditionally all of the obligations of ASBSTI. The guaranty covers the quarterly distributions and payments on liquidation or redemption of the trust preferred securities. These trust preferred securities are mandatorily redeemable upon maturity on , or upon earlier redemption. The Company has the right to redeem the trust preferred securities in whole or in part at a redemption price specified in the indenture plus any accrued but unpaid interest to the redemption date. The proceeds from the sale of the trust preferred securities and the issuance of in common securities to ASBI were used by ASBSTI to purchase of floating rate subordinated debentures of ASBI which have the same payment terms as the trust preferred securities. 

CTIII subordinated debentures 

CFSTI subordinated debentures 

ASBII subordinated debentures 

Total contractual balance 

Fair market value adjustments 

() 

() 

Total subordinated debentures 

Subordinated debentures are included in Tier 1 capital for purposes of determining the Company s compliance with regulatory capital requirements. Subordinated Notes On June 29, 2020, the Company entered into Subordinated Note Purchase Agreements with certain qualified institutional buyers and institutional accredited investors pursuant to which the Company issued and sold in aggregate principal amount of its 7.00 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2030. The notes were issued under an Indenture, dated as of June 29, 2020 (the Indenture ), by and between the Company and UMB Bank, N.A., as trustee. The notes will mature on . in arrears on June 30 and December 30 of each year, commencing on , at a fixed interest rate of . Beginning June 30, 2025, the notes convert to a floating interest rate, to be reset quarterly, equal to the then-current Three-Month Term . Interest payments during the floating-rate period will be paid in arrears on March 30, June 30, September 30 and December 30 of each year, commencing on . On July 23, 2020, the Company closed on an additional of subordinated notes with the same terms as the June 29, 2020, issue. 

Total principal outstanding 

Debt issuance cost 

() 

() 

Total subordinated notes 

Subordinated notes are included in Tier 2 capital for purposes of determining the Company s compliance with regulatory capital requirements. Future Principal Repayments 

Due after one year through two years 

Due after two years through three years 

Due after three years through four years 

Due after four years through five years 

Thereafter 

Total 

F- 45 

and . Contractual obligations represent commitments made by the Company to make capital investments in limited-liability entities that invest in qualified affordable housing projects. The Company expects to fulfill these commitments during the years 2023 through 2036. 

shares of preferred stock outstanding at December 31, 2022, 2021, or 2020. Common stock The Company s articles of incorporation provide for the issuance of shares of Class A voting common stock Class A common stock and shares of Class B non-voting common stock Class B common stock ), both of which have a par value of per share. 

Class A common stock held in treasury 

() 

() 

Class A common stock outstanding 

Class B common stock issued 

Class B common stock held in treasury 

() 

() 

Class B common stock outstanding 

Treasury stock is stated at cost, determined by the first-in, first-out method. On April 18, 2019, the Company s Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to shares of the Company s outstanding common stock, from time to time, beginning April 29, 2019, and concluding October 30, 2020. Under this program, during the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, the Company repurchased a total of shares of the Company s outstanding common stock at an average price paid of per share. In September of 2020, the Company s Board of Directors authorized an additional repurchase of up to shares of the Company s outstanding common stock, from time to time, beginning October 30, 2020, and concluding October 29, 2021. Under this program, during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company repurchased a total of shares of the Company s outstanding common stock at an average price paid of per share. In September of 2021, the Company s Board of Directors authorized an additional repurchase of up to shares of the Company s outstanding common stock, from time to time, beginning October 29, 2021, and concluding October 28, 2022. Under this program, during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company repurchased a total of shares of the Company s outstanding common stock at an average price paid of per share. In September of 2022, the Company s Board of Directors authorized an additional repurchase of up to shares of the Company s outstanding common stock, from time to time, beginning October 1, 2022, and concluding September 30, 2023. The repurchase program does not obligate the Company to acquire a specific dollar amount or number of shares and it could be extended, modified or discontinued at any time without notice. Under this program, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the company repurchased a total of shares of the Company s outstanding common stock at an average price paid of per share. Restricted Stock Unit Plan Termination Loans In connection with termination of the Company s restricted stock unit plan RSUP ), shares of Class A common stock were issued in May 2015 to employees with vested restricted stock units. Additional paid-in capital includes of tax benefits in excess of those previously provided in connection with stock compensation expense. Also, in connection with the termination of the RSUP, the Company agreed to loan electing participants an amount equal to each participant s federal and state income tax withholding obligation associated with the stock issuance. These loans, totaling at December 31, 2020, were collateralized by the shares received with an extended maturity date of , and an interest rate of . These were paid in full in the first quarter of 2021. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, accumulated other comprehensive income consisted of (i) the after-tax effect of unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities and (ii) unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges. During 2022, 2021, and 2020, there were , and of gains reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income to net gains on sales of and settlement of securities within the consolidated statements of income. During 2020, there was of accretion reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income to taxable interest income on securities within the consolidated statements of income.) 

() 

() 

Tax effect 

() 

() 

() 

December 31, 2021 

Net unrealized or unamortized gains (losses) 

() 

Tax effect 

() 

() 

() 

State 

Total current income tax expense 

Deferred income tax expense (benefit) 

Federal 

() 

State 

() 

Total deferred income tax expense (benefit) 

() 

Total income tax expense 

in 2022, 2021, and 2020) to the Company s actual income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 is shown below. 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Computed at the statutory rate 

() 

Increase (decrease) resulting from: 

State and local taxes, net of federal benefit 

Tax-exempt interest 

() 

() 

() 

Non-taxable life insurance income 

() 

() 

() 

Non-deductible expenses 

Share-based payments 

() 

() 

Federal tax credits 

() 

() 

() 

Non-deductible goodwill 

Bargain purchase gain 

() 

() 

Change in valuation allowance 

Other 

() 

() 

Non-deductible transactions costs 

Income tax expense 

The increase in the income tax benefit related to federal tax credits was primarily driven by the impact of environmental, social and governance ESG investments in renewable energy. The benefits of these investments primarily consist of tax credits. 

Tax credit carryforwards 

Goodwill amortization 

Accrued compensation 

Net operating loss and attribute carryforwards 

Net unrealized (gains) losses on securities and cash flow hedges 

() 

Other real estate owned 

Other 

Gross deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities 

Assumed debt fair market value adjustments 

Depreciation 

Federal Home Loan Bank stock dividends 

Core deposit intangibles 

Acquired loans fair market value adjustments 

() 

Deferred revenue 

() 

Other 

Gross deferred tax liabilities 

Valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax asset (liability) 

Deferred income tax balances reflect the effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their tax basis and are stated at enacted tax rates expected to be in effect when taxes are actually paid or recovered. Federal net operating losses acquired through previous acquisitions were fully utilized at December 31, 2020. Acquired federal tax credits totaling at December 31, 2022, will expire . The utilization of these tax credit carryforwards is not expected to be limited by Internal Revenue Code IRC sections 382 and 383. The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to U.S. federal income tax as well as state income taxes in multiple jurisdictions. Commercial banks are not allowed to file consolidated Kansas returns with non-bank consolidated group members. The state of Kansas allows net operating losses incurred for tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, to be carried forward indefinitely while those generated prior to this can be carried forward . The Company has unused Kansas net operating loss carryforwards of approximately generated through operations and acquired through acquisitions. These net operating losses have a valuation allowance of and , respectively, recorded against them and expire between 2022 and 2027 for those incurred for tax years beginning before December 31, 2017, with the remaining carried forward indefinitely. In connection with a 2015 acquisition, the Company acquired Kansas net operating losses usable against Kansas bank income. At December 31, 2022, the there was remaining Kansas net operating loss carryforward usable against Kansas bank income. In establishing a valuation allowance, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Based on this analysis, certain deferred tax assets have a valuation allowance recorded against them resulting in a zero carrying value. The Company is generally no longer subject to U.S. federal, state and local tax examinations for years before 2019. The only examination open at the federal and state level at December 31, 2022, was in the state of Missouri for tax years 2019, 2020, and 2021. At this time, no material adjustments are expected related to this audit. 

, a total Tier 1 capital ratio of , a total capital ratio of and a leverage ratio of to be deemed well capitalized for purposes of certain rules and prompt corrective action requirements. The risk-based ratios include a capital conservation buffer of . An institution is subject to limitations on certain activities, including payment of dividends, share repurchases and discretionary bonuses to executive officers, if its capital level is below the buffer amount. Management believes as of December 31, 2022, the Company and Bank meet all capital adequacy requirements to which they are subject. Prompt corrective action regulations provide five classifications: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized, although these terms are not used to represent overall financial condition. If adequately capitalized, regulatory approval is required to accept brokered deposits. If undercapitalized, capital distributions are limited, as are asset growth and acquisitions and capital restoration plans are required. As of December 31, 2022, the most recent notifications from the federal regulatory agencies categorized Equity Bank as well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. To be categorized as well capitalized, Equity Bank must maintain minimum total risk-based, Tier 1 risk-based and Tier 1 leverage ratios as set forth in the table. There are no conditions or events since that notification that management believes have changed Equity Bank s category. 

N/A 

N/A 

Equity Bank 

Tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets 

Equity Bancshares, Inc. 

N/A 

N/A 

Equity Bank 

Common equity Tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets 

Equity Bancshares, Inc. 

N/A 

N/A 

Equity Bank 

Tier 1 leverage to average assets 

Equity Bancshares, Inc. 

N/A 

N/A 

Equity Bank 

Actual 

Minimum Required for Capital Adequacy Under Basel III 

To Be Well Capitalized Under Prompt Corrective Provisions 

Amount 

Ratio 

Amount 

Ratio 

Amount 

Ratio 

December 31, 2021 

Total capital to risk weighted assets 

Equity Bancshares, Inc. 

N/A 

N/A 

Equity Bank 

Tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets 

Equity Bancshares, Inc. 

N/A 

N/A 

Equity Bank 

Common equity Tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets 

Equity Bancshares, Inc. 

N/A 

N/A 

Equity Bank 

Tier 1 leverage to average assets 

Equity Bancshares, Inc. 

N/A 

N/A 

Equity Bank 

Equity Bank is subject to certain restrictions on the amount of dividends that it may declare without prior regulatory approval. 

and . Changes during 2022 are listed below. 

2022 

Balance at January 1, 2022 

New loans/advances 

Repayments 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had deposits from executive officers, directors, significant stockholders and their affiliates (related parties) in the amount of and . 

, and . As a result of the acquisition of First Independence, the Company assumed the obligations related to First Independence s participation in the Pentegra Defined Benefit Plan for Financial Institutions, a tax-qualified defined benefit pension plan. The Pentegra Defined Benefit Plan is treated as a multi-employer plan for accounting purposes but operates as a multiple-employer plan under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA) and the Internal Revenue Code. As a result, certain multi-employer plan disclosures are not applicable to the Pentegra Defined Benefit Plan. Under the Pentegra Defined Benefit Plan, contributions made by a participating employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers because assets contributed by an employer are not segregated in a separate account or restricted to provide benefits only to employees of that employer. Also, in the event a participating employer is unable to meet its contribution requirements, the required contributions for the other participating employers could increase proportionately. The Pentegra Defined Benefit Plan covered substantially all officers and employees of First Independence who began employment prior to December 31, 2009, with participants retaining benefits under the plan. The Pentegra Defined Benefit Plan operates on a fiscal year from July 1 through June 30 and files one Form 5500 on behalf of all employers who participate in the plan. The Employer Identification Number is and the three-digit plan number is . There are collective bargaining agreements in place at the Company. The Pentegra Defined Benefit Plan s annual valuation process includes calculating the plan s funded status and separately calculating the funded status of each participating employer. The funded status is defined as the market value of assets divided by the funding target (100 percent of the present value of all benefit liabilities accrued at that date). As permitted by ERISA, the Pentegra Defined Benefit Plan accepts contributions for the prior plan year up to eight and a half months after the asset valuation date. As a result, the fair value of assets at the valuation date (July 1) will increase by any subsequent contributions designated for the immediately preceding plan year ended June 30. The most recent Form 5500 available for the Pentegra Defined Benefit Plan is for the year ended June 30, 2021. 

Pentegra defined benefit plan funded status as of July 1 

Plan's funded status as of July 1 

Contributions paid to the plan 

The Company s contributions to the Pentegra Defined Benefit Plan were less than of the total contributions to the Pentegra Defined Benefit plan for the plan year ended June 30, 2020. 

 F- 50 

shares for the grant of non-qualified stock options, restricted stock units, restricted stock and unrestricted stock to its employees and directors. The Plan replaced the Amended and Restated 2013 Stock Incentive Plan (2013 Plan). Under the 2013 Plan, there were and remaining fully vested and exercisable options outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 . new grants of options may be made under the 2013 Plan. The Company believes that stock-based awards better align the interests of its employees with those of its stockholders. Under the Company s 2022 and 2021 director compensation policy, the directors receive a portion of their compensation in stock. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized expense of and and issued and shares. At December 31, 2022, there were shares available for equity awards under the Plan. Stock Option Awards : Options granted to directors and employees under the Plan vest depending on the passage of time or the achievement of performance targets, depending on the terms of the underlying grant. 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

() 

Forfeited or expired 

() 

Outstanding at end of year 

Fully vested and expected to vest 

Exercisable at end of year 

December 31, 2021 
 
 Options 

Weighted Average Exercise Price 

Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term (Years) 

Aggregate Intrinsic Value 

Outstanding at beginning of year 

Granted 

Exercised 

() 

Forfeited or expired 

() 

Outstanding at end of year 

Fully vested and expected to vest 

Exercisable at end of year 

There were stock options granted during the year ended December 31, 2020. The fair values of stock options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were estimated to be per share and per share. The fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using a closed form option valuation (Black-Scholes) model. Expected stock price volatility is based on the historical volatility of the SNL Bank Index. The expected term of options granted is based on the Simplified Method. The risk-free interest rate for the expected term of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant. 

Market value of stock on grant date 

Expected term (in years) 

Expected volatility 

Dividend rate 

Compensation expense for stock options is recognized as the options vest. Total stock option compensation cost that has been charged against income was , , and for 2022, 2021, and 2020. The total income tax benefit was , and . At December 31, 2022, there was of unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested stock options granted under the Plan. Unrecognized compensation expense at December 31, 2022, will be recognized over a remaining weighted average period of years. Restricted Stock Unit Awards : Restricted stock units (RSUs) granted to employees under the Plan represent the right to receive one share of Company stock upon vesting, in accordance with the vesting schedule provided in each award agreement. To the extent vested, the RSUs become Class A voting common stock within ten calendar days of the vesting date. Non-vested RSUs have no voting rights and are not considered outstanding until vesting. The fair value of the RSUs is determined by the closing price of the Company s stock on the date of grant. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Non-vested Restricted Stock Units 
 
 Shares 

Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value 

Non-vested RSUs at January 1, 2021 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Compensation expense is recognized over the vesting period of the award based on the fair value of RSU awards at the grant date. The Company recognized share-based compensation attributable to RSUs of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. The total income tax benefit was , and for the same time periods. Unrecognized RSU compensation expense of million at December 31, 2022, will be recognized over a remaining weighted average period of years. Employee Stock Purchase Plan : On January 27, 2019, the Company s Board of Directors adopted the Equity Bancshares, Inc. 2019 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP and reserved shares of common stock for issuance. The ESPP was approved by the Company s stockholders on April 24, 2019. The ESPP enables eligible employees to purchase the Company s common stock at a price per share equal to of the lower of the fair market value of the common stock at the beginning or end of each offering period. to 

to 

to 

to 

to 

to 

F- 52 

() 

Weighted average common shares outstanding 

Weighted average vested restricted stock units 

Weighted average shares 

Basic earnings (losses) per common share 

() 

Diluted: 

Net income (loss) allocable to common stockholders 

() 

Weighted average common shares outstanding for: 

Basic earnings per common share 

Dilutive effects of the assumed exercise of stock options 

Dilutive effects of the assumed redemption of RSUs 

Dilutive effects of the assumed exercise of Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

Average shares and dilutive potential common shares 

Diluted earnings (losses) per common share 

() 

Dilutive effects of the assumed vesting of restricted stock units 

Dilutive effects of the assumed exercise of ESPP purchases 

Total dilutive shares 

Restricted stock units 

Total antidilutive shares 

Level 1 inputs are considered to be the most transparent and reliable. The Company assumes the use of the principal market to conduct a transaction of each particular asset or liability being measured and then considers the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability. Whenever possible, the Company first looks for quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets (Level 1 inputs) to value each asset or liability. However, when inputs from identical assets or liabilities on active markets are not available, the Company utilizes market observable data for similar assets and liabilities. The Company maximizes the use of observable inputs and limits the use of unobservable inputs to occasions when observable inputs are not available. The need to use unobservable inputs generally results from the lack of market liquidity of the actual financial instrument or of the underlying collateral. Although, in some instances, third party price indications may be available, limited trading activity can challenge the implied value of those quotations. The following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for assets and liabilities measured at fair value, as well as the general classification of each instrument under the hierarchy. Fair Value of Assets and Liabilities Measured on a Recurring Basis The fair values of available-for-sale securities are carried at fair value on a recurring basis. To the extent possible, observable quoted prices in an active market are used to determine fair value and, as such, these securities are classified as Level 1. For securities where quoted prices are not available, fair values are calculated based on market prices of similar securities, generally determined by matrix pricing, which is a mathematical technique widely used in the industry to value securities without relying exclusively on quoted prices for the specific securities but rather by relying on the securities relationship to other benchmark quoted securities (Level 2 inputs). The Company s available-for-sale securities include residential mortgage-backed securities (all of which are issued or guaranteed by government sponsored agencies) and are classified as Level 2. The fair values of derivatives are determined based on a valuation pricing model using readily available observable market parameters such as interest rate yield curves (Level 2 inputs) adjusted for credit risk attributable to the seller of the derivative. 

U.S. Treasury securities 

Mortgage backed securities 

Government-sponsored residential mortgage backed securities 

Private label residential mortgage backed securities 

Corporate 

Small Business Administration loan pools 

State and political subdivisions 

Derivative assets: 

Derivative assets (included in other assets 

Cash collateral held by counterparty and netting adjustments 

() 

Total derivative assets 

() 

Other assets: 

Equity securities with readily determinable fair value 

Total other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities: 

Derivative liabilities: 

Derivative liabilities (included in other liabilities 

Cash collateral held by counterparty and netting adjustments 

() 

Total derivative liabilities 

() 

Total liabilities 

() 

December 31, 2021 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Assets: 

Available-for-sale securities: 

U.S. Government-sponsored entities 

U.S. Treasury securities 

Mortgage backed securities 

Government-sponsored residential mortgage backed securities 

Private label residential mortgage backed securities 

Corporate 

Small Business Administration loan pools 

State and political subdivisions 

Derivative assets: 

Derivative assets (included in other assets 

Cash collateral held by counterparty and netting adjustments 

Total derivative assets 

Other assets: 

Equity securities with readily determinable fair value 

Total other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities: 

Derivative liabilities: 

Derivative liabilities (included in other liabilities 

Cash collateral held by counterparty and netting adjustments 

() 

Total derivative liabilities 

() 

Total liabilities 

() 

There were transfers between Levels during 2022 or 2021. The Company s policy is to recognize transfers into or out of a level as of the end of a reporting period. Fair Value of Assets and Liabilities Measured on a Non-recurring Basis Certain assets are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis when there is evidence of loans individually assessed for credit losses. The fair values of loans individually assessed for credit losses with specific allocations of the allowance for credit losses are generally based on recent real estate appraisals of the collateral. Declines in the fair values of other real estate owned, subsequent to their initial acquisitions, are also based on recent real estate appraisals less selling costs. Real estate appraisals may utilize a single valuation approach or a combination of approaches including comparable sales and the income approach. Adjustments are routinely made in the appraisal process by the appraisers to adjust for differences between the comparable sales and income data available. Such adjustments are typically significant and result in a Level 3 classification of the inputs for determining fair value. 

Commercial and industrial 

Residential real estate 

Agricultural real estate 

Other 

Other real estate owned: 

Commercial real estate 

Residential real estate 

December 31, 2021 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Loans individually evaluated for credit losses: 

Commercial real estate 

Commercial and industrial 

Residential real estate 

Agricultural real estate 

Other 

Other real estate owned: 

Commercial real estate 

Residential real estate 

The Company did t record any liabilities for which the fair value was measured on a non-recurring basis during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Valuations of loans and other real estate owned individually assessed for credit losses utilize third party appraisals or broker price opinions and are classified as Level 3 due to the significant judgment involved. Appraisals may include the utilization of unobservable inputs, subjective factors and utilize quantitative data to estimate fair market value. 

Sales Comparison Approach 
 
 Adjustments for differences between comparable sales 
 
 - 

Other real estate owned individually evaluated for credit losses 

Sales Comparison Approach 
 
 Adjustments for differences between comparable sales 
 
 - 

December 31, 2021 

Real estate loans individually evaluated for credit losses 

Sales Comparison Approach 
 
 Adjustments for differences between comparable sales 
 
 - 

Other real estate owned individually evaluated for credit losses 

Sales Comparison Approach 
 
 Adjustments for differences between comparable sales 
 
 - 

Available-for-sale securities 

Held-to-maturity securities 

Loans held for sale 

Loans, net of allowance for credit losses 

Federal Reserve Bank and Federal Home Loan Bank stock 

Interest receivable 

Derivative assets 

Cash collateral held by derivative counterparty and netting adjustments 

() 

() 

() 

Total derivative assets 

() 

Equity securities with readily determinable fair value 

Total assets 

Financial liabilities: 

Deposits 

Federal funds purchased and retail repurchase agreements 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

Subordinated debentures 

Subordinated notes 

Contractual obligations 

Interest payable 

Derivative liabilities 

Cash collateral held by derivative counterparty and netting adjustments 

() 

() 

() 

Total derivative liabilities 

() 

Total liabilities 

(4,476) 

December 31, 2021 

Carrying Amount 

Estimated Fair Value 

Level 1 

Level 2 

Level 3 

Financial assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Available-for-sale securities 

Loans held for sale 

Loans, net of allowance for credit losses 

Federal Reserve Bank and Federal Home Loan Bank stock 

Interest receivable 

Derivative assets 

Cash collateral held by derivative counterparty and netting adjustments 

Total derivative assets 

Equity securities with readily determinable fair value 

Total assets 

Financial liabilities: 

Deposits 

Federal funds purchased and retail repurchase agreements 

Subordinated debentures 

Subordinated notes 

Contractual obligations 

Interest payable 

Derivative liabilities 

Cash collateral held by derivative counterparty and netting adjustments 

() 

() 

() 

Total derivative liabilities 

() 

Total liabilities 

(5,447) 

The fair value of off-balance-sheet items is not considered material. 

Mortgage loans in the process of origination 

Unused lines of credit 

At December 31, 2022, the fixed rate loan commitments have interest rates ranging from to and maturities ranging from month to months. Standby Letters of Credit: Standby letters of credit are irrevocable commitments issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party once specified preconditions are met. Financial standby letters of credit are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements, including commercial paper, bond financing and similar transactions. Performance standby letters of credit are issued to guarantee performance of certain customers under non-financial contractual obligations. The credit risk involved in issuing standby letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loans to customers. The contractual amounts of standby letters of credit as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are listed below. 

2022 

2021 

Non-interest income 

Service charges and fees 

Debit card income 

Mortgage banking (a) 

Increase in bank-owned life insurance (a) 

Net gain on acquisition and branch sales (a) 

Net gain (loss) from securities transactions (a) 

Other non-interest income 

Investment referral income 

Trust income 

Insurance sales commissions 

Recovery on zero-basis purchased loans (a) 

Income (loss) from equity method investments (a) 

() 

() 

Other non-interest income related to loans and deposits 

Other non-interest income not related to loans and deposits (a) 

Total other non-interest income 

Total 

(a) Not within the scope of ASC 606 

A description of the Company s revenue streams accounted for under ASC 606 follows. Service Charges and Fees The Company earns fees from its deposit customers for transaction-based account maintenance and overdraft services. Transaction-based fees, which include services such as stop payment charges, statement rendering and ACH fees, are recognized at the time the transaction is executed as that is the point in time the Company fulfills the customer s request. Account maintenance fees, which relate primarily to monthly maintenance, are earned over the course of a month, representing the period over which the Company satisfies the performance obligation. Overdraft fees are recognized at the point in time that the overdraft occurs. Service charges on deposits are collected through withdrawal from the customer s account balance. Debit Card Income The Company earns debit card income from cardholder transactions conducted through payment processors. Debit card income from cardholder transactions represents a percentage of the underlying transaction value and is recognized concurrently with the transaction processing services provided to the cardholder. Investment Referral Income Investment referral services are offered through an unaffiliated registered broker-dealer and investment advisor. Investment referral income consists of transaction-based fees (i.e., trade commissions) and account fees (i.e., custodial fees). The service obligation for transaction-based fees relates to processing of individual transactions and is considered earned at the time the transaction occurs. The Company currently records this income when payment is received and at each month end for current-month transactions. Account fees are considered earned over the period for which the fees relate. These fees are received during the first month of each quarter and represent advance payment for the current quarter. These fees are amortized ratably over the three months during the quarter. Therefore, all account-based fees are currently recorded as performance obligations are satisfied. Trust Income Trust income includes fees from asset management, custody, recordkeeping, investment advisory and administration services. Revenue is recognized at the time the services are performed and may be based on either the fair value of the account or the services provided. Insurance Sales Commissions Insurance commissions are received based on contracts with insurance companies which provide for a percentage of premiums to be paid to the Company in exchange for placement of policies with customers. The commissions generally relate to a period of one year or less. Under certain contracts, the Company may also assist with the claims processing, but this performance obligation is considered insignificant compared to the initial placement of the policy. As such, the performance obligation is considered to have been substantially satisfied at the time of policy placement. While this indicates that all related revenue would be appropriately accrued at policy inception, in some cases, recognition occurs over the policy period if received in installments from the insurance company. In no cases would this deferral extend beyond 12 months and the effect is considered immaterial compared to recognition at the time of policy placement. The Company also receives commissions based on renewals of policies previously placed. However, additional work is required to process the renewals, resulting in future performance obligations to earn the related revenues. In addition, the occurrence of such renewals is not certain as initial policies are generally for one year or less and the fees earned are not determined until the time of renewal, based on underwriting at that time. As such, the Company has determined that accrual of income for future renewals is not appropriate. Other Non-interest Income Other non-interest income related to loans and deposits is earned when the specific transaction is processed, similar to service charges and fees. Gain or Loss on Sale of Other Real Estate Gain or loss on sale of other real estate is reported in non-interest expense and is netted with other real estate expenses. The Company records a gain or loss from the sale of other real estate when control of the property transfers to the buyer, which generally occurs at the time of an executed deed. When the Company finances the sale of other real estate to the buyer, the Company assesses whether the buyer is committed to perform their obligation under the contract and whether collectability of the transaction price is probable. Once these criteria are met, the other real estate is derecognized and the gain or loss on sale is recorded upon the transfer of control of the property to the buyer. In determining the gain or loss on the sale, the Company adjusts the transaction price and related gain or loss on sale if a significant financing component is present. As a result, the Company has concluded that ASC 606 will affect the decision to recognize or defer gains on sales of other real estate in circumstances where the Company has financed the sale. 

Investment in Equity Bank 

Investment in EBAC 

Investment in ERMI 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Bank stock loan 

Subordinated debt 

Interest payable and other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

Other income 

Total income 

Expenses 

Interest expense 

Other expenses 

Total expenses 

Income before income tax and equity in undistributed income (loss) of subsidiaries 

Income tax benefit 

Income before equity in undistributed income (loss) of subsidiaries 

Equity in undistributed income (loss) of Equity Bank 

() 

Equity in undistributed income (loss) of EBAC 

() 

() 

() 

Equity in undistributed income (loss) of ERMI 

Net income (loss) and net income (loss) allocable to common stockholders 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash from operating activities: 

Stock based compensation 

Equity in undistributed (income) loss of Equity Bank 

() 

() 

Equity in undistributed (income) loss of EBAC 

Equity in undistributed (income) loss of ERMI 

() 

Net amortization of purchase valuation adjustments 

Net change in: 

Other assets 

() 

Interest payable and other liabilities 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash from (to) operating activities 

Cash flows (to) from investing activities 

Proceeds from sales, calls, pay-downs and maturities of AFS securities 

Net redemptions (purchases) of correspondent and miscellaneous other stock 

() 

Purchase of net assets of ASBI, net of cash acquired 

() 

Additional investment in Equity Bank 

() 

Additional investment in EBAC 

() 

() 

Additional investment in ERMI 

() 

Net cash (used in) investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows (to) from financing activities 

Borrowings on bank stock loan 

Principal payments on bank stock loan 

() 

Borrowings on subordinated debt 

Subordinated debt issue cost 

() 

() 

Proceeds from exercise of employee stock options 

Principal payments on employee stock loan 

Proceeds from employee stock purchase plan 

Purchase of treasury stock 

() 

() 

() 

Dividends paid on common stock 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

() 

() 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 

Ending cash and cash equivalents 

F- 63 

<EX-4>
 2
 eqbk-ex4_2.htm
 EX-4.2

EX-4 

Exhibit 4.2 
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 As of December 31, 2022, Equity Bancshares, Inc. (the Company, we, or our had one class of securities, our Class A Voting Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share Class A common stock ), registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). 
 DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK 
 General 
 We are incorporated in the State of Kansas. The rights of our stockholders are generally governed by Kansas law, our Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation Articles of Incorporation and our Amended and Restated Bylaws Bylaws ). The terms of our common stock are therefore subject to Kansas law and federal law governing bank holding companies. 
 The following description of our Class A common stock is a summary and is subject to, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the provisions of our Articles of Incorporation and our Bylaws. For more detailed information about the rights of our Class A common stock, you should refer to our Articles of Incorporation, Bylaws and the applicable provisions of Kansas law for additional information. 
 Authorized Capital Stock 
 We are authorized to issue (i) 50,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, of which (a) 45,000,000 shares are designated as Class A common stock, and (b) 5,000,000 shares are designated as Class B Non-Voting common stock Class B common stock ), and (ii) 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock. All outstanding shares of our Class A common stock are fully paid and non-assessable. 
 Voting Rights 
 Each holder of our Class A common stock is entitled to one vote per share on all matters to be voted on by our stockholders. Our stockholders do not have cumulative voting rights with respect to the election of directors. If we issue preferred stock, holders of our preferred stock may also possess voting rights. Our Class B common stock has no voting rights. 
 Subject to the rights of the holders of any preferred stock then outstanding, removal of any of directors without cause requires the affirmative vote of the holders of record of outstanding shares representing at least 66 2/3 of the voting power of all the shares of our capital stock then entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. 
 Our Articles of Incorporation provide that our board of directors is authorized to make, amend, alter or repeal our Bylaws, subject to the power of the stockholders, as described below, to make, amend, alter or repeal our Bylaws. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3 of the voting power of all the shares of our then outstanding voting stock, voting together as a single class, shall be required to amend, alter or repeal, or adopt any provisions inconsistent with, Articles II (Meetings of Stockholders), III (Directors), VIII (Indemnification of Directors, Officers, Employees Agents) or IX (Amendments) of our Bylaws. 
 Our Articles of Incorporation also require the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3 of the voting power of all of the shares of our then outstanding voting stock, voting together as a single class, to amend or repeal, or adopt any provisions inconsistent with, Articles VI (Action by Stockholders), VII (Number, Classification and Election of Directors; Vacancies), VIII (Removal of Directors), IX (Indemnification of Officers and Directors), XI (Control Share Acquisitions), XII (Business Combinations with Interested Stockholders), XIII (Amendment of Bylaws), or XIV (Amendment of Articles) of our Articles of Incorporation. 
 No Preemptive or Similar Rights 
 Our Class A common stock has no preemptive rights and is not entitled to the benefits of any redemption or sinking fund provision. 

Dividend Rights 
 To the extent permitted under Kansas law and subject to the rights of holders of any outstanding shares of our preferred stock, holders of our Class A common stock are entitled to participate ratably on a per share basis with holders of our Class B common stock in the payment of dividends, when, as and if declared thereon by our board of directors. If we issue preferred stock, the holders of the preferred stock may have a priority over the holders of Class A common stock with respect to dividends. 
 Liquidation Rights 
 Subject to the provisions of any outstanding series of preferred stock and after payment of all of our debts and other liabilities, the holders of Class A common stock are entitled to participate ratably on a per share basis in all distributions to the holders of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock in any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company. 
 Certain Provisions of Our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 Advance Notice for Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations 
 Our Articles of Incorporation contain provisions requiring that advance notice be delivered to us of any business to be brought by a stockholder before an annual meeting of stockholders and provide for certain procedures to be followed by stockholders in nominating candidates for election as directors. Generally, the advance notice provisions require that stockholder proposals be provided to us no less than 120 days prior to the day corresponding to the date on which we released our proxy statement in connection with the previous year s annual meeting in order to be properly brought before a stockholder meeting. The notice must set forth specific information regarding the stockholder submitting the proposal or nomination and the proposal or director nominee, as described in our Articles of Incorporation, and must otherwise comply with the terms of our Articles of Incorporation. These requirements are in addition to those set forth in the regulations adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Exchange Act. 
 Special Meetings of Stockholders 
 Our Articles of Incorporation provide that special meetings of stockholders may be called by our President, or by or at the direction of a majority of the board of directors, and shall be called by the Chairman of the board of directors, the President or the Secretary upon the written request of the holders of not less than twenty percent (20 of all of the outstanding shares of our capital stock entitled to vote at such special meeting. The business transacted at a special meeting of stockholders shall be limited to that stated in the notice of such meeting or in a duly executed waiver thereof. 
 Potential Anti-Takeover Effect 
 Certain provisions of our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws could make the acquisition of control of our Company and/or the removal of our existing management or directors more difficult, including those that: 
 empower our board of directors, without stockholder approval, to issue our preferred stock, the terms of which, including voting power, are set by our board of directors; 

only permit stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of stockholders and not by written consent in lieu of such a meeting; 

provide for a classified board of directors, so that only approximately one-third of or directors are elected each year; 

require the affirmative vote of the holders of record of outstanding shares representing at least 66 2/3 of the voting power of all the shares of our capital stock then entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, to remove any of our directors; 

prohibit us from engaging in certain business combinations with interested stockholders (generally defined as a holder of 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock); 

require at least 120 days advance notice of nominations for the election of directors and the presentation of stockholder proposals at meetings of stockholders; and 

require prior regulatory application and approval of any transaction involving acquiring control of our organization. 

These provisions are expected to discourage coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids. They are also designed, in part, to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of the Company to first negotiate with our board of directors. We believe that the benefits of increased protection give us the potential ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure us and that these benefits outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging the proposals. Negotiating with the proponent could result in an improvement of the terms of the proposal. 
 Stock Exchange Listing 
 Our common stock is traded on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbol EQBK. 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company at 1 State Street, 30th Floor, New York, NY 10004-1561. 

</EX-4>

<EX-10>
 3
 eqbk-ex10_8.htm
 EX-10.8

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.8 
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 This EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (this Agreement is entered into this _20_ day of December, 2021 (the Effective Date ), by and between Equity Bank, a Kansas banking corporation (the Bank ), and John Creech Executive ). Equity Bancshares, Inc., a Kansas corporation and parent corporation of the Bank Parent ), is joining in this Agreement for the limited purpose of reflecting its agreement to provisions in this Agreement applicable to Parent. Parent, the Bank and their respective subsidiaries and affiliates are referred to collectively as the Equity Group . Certain capitalized terms set forth herein have the meaning given to such terms in Section 20 . 
 
 WHEREAS , the Bank desires to employ Executive and to enter into this Agreement setting forth the terms of such employment; and 
 
 WHEREAS , Executive agrees to accept such employment and to provide such services to the Bank in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual promises herein made and of other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: 
 
 1. Term of Employment; Duties . 

(a) Term . Unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 3 , the term of this Agreement and Executive s employment hereunder (the Term will be for an initial period beginning on the Effective Date and ending on the third (3 rd anniversary of the Effective Date; provided that on the third (3 rd anniversary of the Effective Date and on each anniversary of such date thereafter (such date and each annual anniversary thereof a Renewal Date ), the Term will automatically extend so as to terminate one year from such Renewal Date unless, at least 90 days before the applicable Renewal Date, either party gives notice to the other that the Term will not be so extended. Upon termination of this Agreement and Executive s employment hereunder for any reason, Executive will be deemed to have resigned from all positions that Executive holds as an officer or member of the board of directors of any member of the Equity Group. 

(b) Title and Duties . During the Term, Executive will serve as Chief Credit Officer and Executive Vice President and be located at the Wichita Rock Road location. In such positions, Executive will have such duties and perform such services as are commensurate with Executive s position and such other duties and services as are from time to time reasonably assigned to Executive by the Direct Supervisor. Executive will report to the Direct Supervisor. Executive agrees that he or she will at all times and to the best of his or her ability and experience faithfully perform all of the duties that may be required of him or her pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and will comply with all laws and regulations of appropriate governmental entities and all policies and procedures adopted by the Equity Group and applicable to Executive. Executive agrees to devote his or her full business time and attention to the performance of his or her obligations hereunder. 

(c) Other Activities . During the Term, Executive may serve on civic, charitable or other not-for-profit boards or committees, manage personal investments and, subject to the prior written approval of the Direct Supervisor, serve on boards of for-profit entities, in each case so long as such activities do not create a conflict of interest with any member of the Equity Group, interfere with the performance of Executive s duties responsibilities hereunder, or violate any provision of this Agreement (including, without limitation, Section 4 ). 

(initials) __ _JC _____ 		 FILENAME \ MERGEFORMAT 00031247.DOCX 

2. Compensation and Benefits . 

(a) Base Salary . During the Term, the Bank will pay to Executive an annualized base salary of 300,000 per year, payable in accordance with the Bank s normal payroll practices. The base salary will be subject to annual review for increase but may not be decreased without Executive s consent. As used in this Agreement, the term Base Salary means, as of any given date, Executive s annualized base salary as of such date. 

(b) Annual Bonus . For each calendar year ending during the Term, Executive will be eligible to earn an annual bonus (the Annual Incentive Bonus ), provided that Executive does not earn any Annual Incentive Bonus for the prior completed calendar year if Executive engages in any acts or omissions constituting Cause for termination. The target Annual Incentive Bonus is equal to 40 of Base Salary (the Target Bonus Amount ), prorated for the calendar year during which Executive is hired. The Target Bonus Amount will be reviewed annually by the Board (or a committee thereof) and may be adjusted upward in the Board s sole discretion, but not downward during the initial year of the term. The actual amount of the Annual Incentive Bonus with respect to any calendar year will be determined by the Board (or a committee thereof) based on Executive s and the Equity Group s fulfillment of performance goals established by the Board or the Direct Supervisor with respect to the applicable calendar year. The Annual Incentive Bonus for any calendar year will (if and to the extent earned) be paid no later than the March 15th following the completion of such calendar year. Executive must remain continuously employed with the Equity Group through the payment date of the Annual Incentive Bonus in order to earn such Annual Incentive Bonus. 

(c) Long-Term Incentive Awards . Beginning in the calendar year after Executive is hired and for each calendar year thereafter during the Term, Executive will be eligible to receive annual equity awards Annual Equity Awards under Parent s equity incentive plan (the Equity Plan ), subject to approval of the Board (or a committee thereof). It is currently contemplated that such Annual Equity Awards will have a targeted grant date fair value equal to 30 of Executive s Base Salary for the calendar year of grant, and that the terms and conditions of the Annual Equity Awards (including, without limitation, the form of award(s), vesting schedule, performance objectives, and/or restrictive provisions) will be similar to the terms and conditions applicable to the annual equity awards made to the Equity Group s other similarly situated employees. Any such Annual Equity Awards will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Equity Plan and any grant agreement, award agreement, or similar document entered into or issued in connection therewith. 

(d) Employee Benefit Programs . During the Term, Executive will be eligible to participate in all employee benefit programs, including medical, dental and hospitalization programs, now or hereafter made available by the Bank to its senior executives, subject to terms and conditions of such programs, including eligibility. It is understood that the Bank reserves the right to modify and rescind any program or adopt new programs in its sole discretion. 

(e) Vacation; Paid Time-Off . Executive will be entitled to paid vacation as outlined in Appendix A. 

(f) Business Expenses . The Bank will pay or reimburse Executive s reasonable business expenses, including expenses incurred for travel on Equity Group business, in accordance with the Bank s expense reimbursement policies and procedures, as may be adopted or amended from time to time. 

(initials) ___ JC_____ 	- 2 -	 FILENAME \ MERGEFORMAT 00031247.DOCX 
 
 (g) Other Compensation and Benefits . The Bank will pay or provide the compensation and benefits set forth on Appendix A , attached hereto, which is hereby incorporated herein by reference in its entirety and made a part hereof. 

3. Termination of Employment . This Agreement and Executive s employment hereunder may be terminated by the Bank or Executive at any time and for any reason; provided that, unless otherwise provided herein, either party is required to give the other party at least 30 days advance written notice of any termination of Executive s employment. On termination of this Agreement and Executive s employment hereunder, Executive will be entitled to the compensation and benefits described in this Section 3 , subject to any applicable claw-back or compensation recovery policy and will have no further rights to any compensation or any other benefits from the Equity Group. 

(a) Expiration of the Term, For Cause, or Without Good Reason . This Agreement and Executive s employment hereunder may be terminated upon (x) either party s election not to renew the Term of the Agreement in accordance with Section 1, in which case notice must be provided at least 90 days before the applicable Renewal Date, (y) by the Bank for Cause, or (z) by the Executive without Good Reason. In such event, Executive will be entitled to receive: 

(i) Any accrued but unpaid Base Salary and accrued but unused vacation which will be paid in accordance with the Bank s normal payroll practices following the last day of Executive s employment (the Termination Date ; 

(ii) Any earned but unpaid Annual Incentive Bonus with respect to any completed calendar year immediately preceding the Termination Date, which will be paid on the otherwise applicable payment date (except to the extent payment is otherwise deferred pursuant to any applicable deferred compensation arrangement); provided that Executive does not earn, and the Bank will not pay, any Annual Incentive Bonus for the prior completed calendar year if Executive s employment is terminated by the Bank for Cause. If, following payment of an Annual Incentive Bonus for a calendar year, it is determined by the Bank that grounds existed during such calendar year that would have justified termination of Executive s employment for Cause if such grounds were known to the Bank, then such unearned Annual Incentive Bonus shall be immediately repayable by Executive to the Bank upon written demand by the Bank, and the Executive hereby authorizes the Bank to withhold or offset the amount of such Annual Incentive Bonus from or against any other amounts payable by the Bank to the Executive; 

(iii) Reimbursement for unreimbursed business expenses properly incurred by Executive, which will be subject to and paid in accordance with the Bank s expense reimbursement policies and procedures in effect at the time; and 

(iv) Such employee benefits (including equity compensation), if any, to which Executive may be entitled under the Bank s employee benefit plans as of Termination Date; provided that, in no event will Executive be entitled to any payments in the nature of severance or termination payments except as specifically provided herein. 

Items 3(a)(i) through 3(a)(iv) are referred to herein collectively as the Accrued Amounts . 
 
 (b) Termination by the Bank Without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason . This Agreement and Executive s employment hereunder may be terminated by Executive for Good Reason or by the Bank without Cause. In the event of such termination, Executive will be entitled to receive the Accrued Amounts and, subject to Executive s compliance with Section 3(e) and 

(initials) ___ JC_____ 	- 3 -	 FILENAME \ MERGEFORMAT 00031247.DOCX 
 
 Section 4 of this Agreement, Executive will be entitled to receive continued Base Salary Salary Continuation Payments for 12 months following the Termination Date payable in equal installments in accordance with the Bank s normal payroll practices, which will commence on the first regularly scheduled payroll date following the effective date of the Release (defined below). The first installment of the Salary Continuation Payments will include all amounts of Base Salary that would otherwise have been paid to Executive during the period beginning on the Termination Date and ending on the first payment date. 

(c) Death or Disability . This Agreement and Executive s employment hereunder will terminate automatically on the Executive s death during the Term, and the Bank may terminate Executive s employment on account of Executive s Disability. If Executive s employment is terminated during the Term on account of Executive s death or Disability, Executive (or Executive s estate, legal representatives and/or beneficiaries, as the case may be) will be entitled to receive the Accrued Amounts. 

(d) Change of Control Termination . If this Agreement and Executive s employment hereunder is terminated by Executive for Good Reason, by the Bank (or its successor) without Cause, or due to the Bank s (or its successor s) nonrenewal of the Agreement, in each case within 12 months following a Change of Control, then, in lieu of any payment payable to Executive under this Section 3 , Executive will be entitled to receive the Accrued Amounts and, to the extent permissible under 12 U.S.C. 1828(k) and 12 C.F.R. Part 359 and subject to Executive s compliance with Section 3(e) and Section 4 , a lump sum payment (the Change of Control Severance Payment equal to 1.0 times the sum of (i) Executive s Base Salary for the calendar year immediately preceding the calendar year in which the Termination Date occurs and (ii) all other cash compensation paid by the Equity Group and received by Executive during such calendar year (but, for avoidance of doubt, not including the value of any equity-based compensation). The Change of Control Severance Payment will be paid within 10 days following the effective date of the Release (defined below); provided that if the Release Execution Period (defined below) begins in one taxable year and ends in another taxable year, payment of the Change of Control Severance Payment will be made in the second taxable year. 

(e) Release Requirement . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Executive s right to receive the Salary Continuation Payments or the Change of Control Severance Payment, as applicable, is conditioned on Executive s execution and delivery of a separation agreement and release of claims in favor of the Equity Group, its officers, directors, employees and agents in a form provided by the Bank (the Release and such Release becoming effective and irrevocable within 60 days following the Termination Date (such 60-day period, the Release Execution Period ). The Release will include an affirmation of the restrictive covenants set forth in Section 4 , and will be in a form and substance satisfactory to the Bank. 

(f) Equity Awards . Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the treatment of any equity award held by Executive as of the Termination Date will be determined in accordance with the terms of the applicable Parent equity incentive plan and award agreement. 

(g) Severance Benefits Not Includable for Employee Benefits Purposes . Except to the extent the terms of any applicable benefit plan, policy or program provide otherwise, any benefit programs of the Equity Group that take into account Executive s income will exclude any and all severance benefits provided under this Agreement. 

(h) Exclusive Severance Benefits . If Executive becomes entitled to receive the Salary Continuation Payments or the Change of Control Severance Payment, as applicable, then such 

(initials) ___ JC_____ 	- 4 -	 FILENAME \ MERGEFORMAT 00031247.DOCX 
 
 payment(s) will be in lieu of any other severance or similar benefits that would otherwise be payable under any other agreement, plan, program or policy of the Equity Group. 

4. Restrictive Covenants . 

(a) Confidential Information . 

(i) Executive acknowledges that the business of the Equity Group is highly competitive and that the Equity Group will provide Executive with access to Confidential Information relating to the business of the Equity Group, its customers and their respective affiliates. Executive acknowledges that this Confidential Information constitutes a valuable, special, and unique asset used by the Equity Group in its business to obtain a competitive advantage over their competitors. 

(ii) Executive further acknowledges that protection of such Confidential Information against unauthorized disclosure and use is of critical importance to the Equity Group in maintaining its competitive position. Executive also will have access to, or knowledge of, Confidential Information of third parties, such as actual and potential customers, suppliers, partners, joint venturers, investors, financing sources and the like, of the Equity Group. 

(iii) Executive agrees that he or she will not, at any time during or after Executive s employment or service with the Equity Group, make any unauthorized disclosure of any Confidential Information or make any use thereof except in the carrying out of Executive s employment responsibilities hereunder. Executive also agrees to preserve and protect the confidentiality of third-party Confidential Information to the same extent, and on the same basis, as the Equity Group s Confidential Information. 

(iv) Executive understands that nothing contained in this Agreement (including, without limitation, Section 4(e) limits Executive s ability to file a charge or complaint with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC or other governmental agency. Executive further understands that nothing in this Agreement (including, without limitation, Section 4(e) limits Executive s ability to communicate with the SEC or any other governmental agency or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by the SEC or such other agency, including providing documents or other information, without notice to any member of the Equity Group. This Agreement does not limit Executive s right to receive an award for information provided to the SEC or any other governmental agency. 

(v) Executive and the Equity Group specifically acknowledge that 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) provides: An individual will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (i) is made in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (ii) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to conflict with 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) or create liability for disclosures of trade secrets that are expressly allowed by 18 U.S.C. 1833(b). Accordingly, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing, the parties to this Agreement have the right to disclose in confidence trade secrets to federal, state, and local government officials, or to an attorney, for the sole purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law. 

(initials) ___ JC_____ 	- 5 -	 FILENAME \ MERGEFORMAT 00031247.DOCX 
 
 (b) Non-Competition Obligations . 

(i) Executive acknowledges that the Equity Group is providing Executive with access to Confidential Information. Ancillary to Executive s agreement not to disclose Confidential Information, to protect the Confidential Information described above, and in consideration for Executive s receiving access to this Confidential Information and compensation stated in this Agreement, the Bank and Executive agree to the following non-competition provisions. Executive agrees that during the Restricted Period, Executive will not, directly or indirectly, (A) engage or participate in the ownership, management, operation, control or financing of, (B) provide any service, advice or assistance regarding the management, operation, formation or acquisition of, or (C) have any financial interest in, whether as organizer, director, advisory director, officer, employee, consultant, partner, contractor, stockholder (other than as a holder of less than 3 of the capital stock of a Financial Institution (defined below), whether the Financial Institution is a privately held company or a reporting company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), any national or state commercial bank, credit union, thrift, or savings institution, or any person or entity seeking to acquire or form such an institution or company Financial Institution ), competitive with that of the Equity Group or the Equity Group s business as it exists on the date hereof which has a branch or loan production office located in the Restricted Area, including but not limited to a Financial Institution engaged in, or which controls any entity engaged in, retail banking services, commercial banking services, consumer savings accounts, deposit production, commercial loan production or commercial or commercial real estate lending services in the Restricted Area. 

(ii) Executive understands that the foregoing restrictions may limit Executive s ability to engage in certain businesses in the Restricted Area and during the Restricted Period, but acknowledges that these restrictions are necessary to protect the Confidential Information that Executive has provided or made available to Executive. 

(iii) Executive agrees that this provision defining the scope of activities constituting prohibited competition with the Equity Group is narrow and reasonable for the following reasons: (i) Executive is free to seek employment with other companies providing services that do not directly or indirectly compete with any business of the Equity Group; (ii) Executive is free to seek employment with other companies in the banking business that do not directly or indirectly compete with any business of the Equity Group; and (iii) there are many other companies in the banking business that do not directly or indirectly compete with any business of the Equity Group. Thus, this restriction on Executive s ability to compete does not prevent Executive from using and offering the skills that Executive possessed prior to receiving Confidential Information, specialized training, and knowledge from the Equity Group. 

(c) Non-Solicitation of Clients and Customers . Executive agrees that during the Restricted Period, Executive will not directly or indirectly solicit, contact or call upon any current or prospective client or customer of the Equity Group with whom Executive had material contact during the course of his or her employment or service with the Equity Group for the purpose of providing banking or banking related services other than through the Equity Group. For this purpose, material contact exists between Executive and each current or prospective client or customer: (i) with whom Executive dealt; (ii) whose dealings with the Equity Group were coordinated or supervised by Executive; or (iii) about whom Executive obtained or had access to Confidential Information in the ordinary course of business as a result of Executive s performance of his duties and responsibilities hereunder. 

(initials) ___ JC_____ 	- 6 -	 FILENAME \ MERGEFORMAT 00031247.DOCX 
 
 (d) Non-Solicitation of Employees . Executive agrees that during the Restricted Period, Executive will not, either directly or indirectly, call on, solicit, or induce any other employee or officer of the Equity Group whom Executive had contact with, knowledge of, or association with in the course of employment or service with the Equity Group (a Covered Employee to terminate his or her employment, and will not assist any other person or entity in such a solicitation; provided, however , that the foregoing: (i) shall not apply to any Covered Employee who is no longer employed by the Equity Group or has otherwise resigned from employment with the Equity Group; (ii) shall not prohibit Executive from making a general solicitation for employment that is not targeted at any Covered Employees. 

(e) Cooperation . Executive agrees he or she will reasonably cooperate with the members of the Equity Group with respect to any matters arising during or related to his employment, including but not limited to reasonable cooperation in connection with any litigation, governmental investigation, or regulatory or other proceeding which may have arisen or which may arise following the execution of this Agreement other than in connection with any litigation or other proceeding commenced by a member of the Equity Group against Executive and other than any litigation or other proceeding commenced by Executive against a member of the Equity Group to enforce Executive s rights under this Agreement. As part of such reasonable cooperation, Executive shall provide information to the Equity Group and its attorneys with respect to any matter arising during or related to his or her employment, shall make himself or herself reasonably available to meet with Equity Group personnel and the Equity Group s attorneys, and will, at the Equity Group s reasonable request and upon reasonable notice, travel to such places as the Equity Group may specify (for which the Equity Group will reimburse Executive for his or her reasonable travel and lodging expenses). Finally, as part of such reasonable cooperation agreed to herein, Executive shall promptly notify Parent s General Counsel, within three business days, of his or her actual receipt from any third party or governmental entity of a request for testimony and/or documents, whether by legal process or otherwise, relating to any matter arising during or relating to his or her employment or directorship with any member of the Equity Group. 

(f) Additional Agreements . During the period that begins on the Effective Date and ends of the first to occur of (x) the date that is five (5) years following the Termination Date or (y) the date of a Change of Control, Executive agrees that he or she will not, without the prior approval of the Board or in the course of his or her normal duties and responsibilities hereunder on behalf of the Equity Group, directly or indirectly: (i) engage in any solicitation of proxies or consents or become a participant in a contested solicitation (as such terms are defined in Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act) of proxies or consents (including, without limitation, any solicitation of consents that seeks to call a special meeting of stockholders), in each case, with respect to securities of Parent; (ii) seek or submit, or encourage any person or entity to seek or submit, nomination(s) in furtherance of a contested solicitation for the appointment, election or removal of directors with respect to Parent or seek, encourage or take any other action with respect to the appointment, election or removal of any directors of Parent, other than a solicitation or acting as a participant in support of the nomination and election of all directors then comprising the Incumbent Board, and any individual whose election, or nomination for election to the Board, was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board; (iii) make any public proposal, alone or in concert with others, to amend any provision of Parent s certificate of incorporation or bylaws; or (iv) alone or in concert with others (A) make any proposal for consideration by stockholders of Parent at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of Parent, (B) affirmatively solicit a third party, on an unsolicited basis, to make an offer or proposal (with or without conditions) with respect to any merger, acquisition, recapitalization, restructuring, disposition or other business combination involving Parent, or publicly encourage or support any third party in making such an offer or proposal, (D) publicly comment on any third party proposal 

(initials) ___ JC_____ 	- 7 -	 FILENAME \ MERGEFORMAT 00031247.DOCX 
 
 regarding any merger, acquisition, recapitalization, restructuring, disposition, or other business combination with respect to Parent by such third party prior to such proposal becoming public, or (E) call or seek to call a special meeting of stockholders. 

(g) Non-Disparagement . Executive represents, covenants and agrees that he or she will not at any time during the Term or after the Termination Date, through any medium, either orally or in writing, including, but not limited to, electronic mail, television or radio, computer networks or internet bulletin boards, blogs, social media, such as Facebook, LinkedIn, or Twitter, or any other form of communication, disparage, defame, impugn, damage or assail the reputation, or cause or tend to cause the recipient of a communication to question the business condition, integrity, competence, good character, professionalism, or business practices of the Equity Group or any its stockholders, directors, officers, employees, as applicable, except when such statement or communication (i) is made in a full and accurate response to any question, inquiry or request for information made in connection with a legal proceeding or a government investigation, (ii) required by the Equity Group s policies or procedures or made by Executive in the normal course of performing his or her duties on behalf of the Equity Group (including in connection with any public or regulatory filing by a member of the Equity Group), or (iii) is otherwise required by applicable law. 

(h) Return of Property . Executive agrees to deliver promptly to the Bank, upon termination of his or her employment hereunder, or at any other time when the Bank so requests, all documents and other materials (including electronically stored information) received by Executive in connection with the performance of his or her duties hereunder relating to the business of the Equity Group, including without limitation: contract files, notes, records, drawings, manuals, correspondence, financial and accounting information, customer lists, statistical data and compilations, patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade names, inventions, formulae, methods, processes, agreements, contracts, manuals or any documents relating to the business of the Equity Group and all copies thereof and therefrom; provided, however , that Executive will be permitted to retain copies of any documents or materials of a personal nature or otherwise related to Executive s rights under this Agreement, copies of this Agreement and any attendant or ancillary documents specifically including any documents referenced in this Agreement and copies of any documents related to Executive s equity incentive awards and other compensation. 

(i) Injunctive Relief . Executive acknowledges that a breach of any of the covenants contained in this Section 4 may result in material, irreparable injury to the Equity Group for which there is no adequate remedy at law, that it will not be possible to measure damages for such injuries precisely and that, in the event of such a breach or threat of breach, Parent and/or the Bank will be entitled to obtain a temporary restraining order and/or a preliminary or permanent injunction restraining Executive from engaging in activities prohibited by this Section 4 or such other relief as may be required to specifically enforce any of the covenants in this Section 4 . Such remedies will be in addition to all other remedies available to Parent and/or the Bank, at law and equity. 

(j) Ad j ustment of Covenants . The parties consider the covenants and restrictions contained in this Section 4 to be reasonable in all respects. However, if and when any such covenant or restriction is found to be void or unenforceable and would have been valid had some part of it been deleted or had its scope of application been modified, such covenant or restriction will be deemed to have been applied with such modification as would be necessary and consistent with the intent of the parties to have made it valid, enforceable and effective. 

5. Proprietary Information; Inventions . 

(initials) ___ JC_____ 	- 8 -	 FILENAME \ MERGEFORMAT 00031247.DOCX 
 
 (a) Executive agrees that any and all information and data originated by Executive while employed by the Equity Group and, where applicable, by other employees or associates under Executive s direction or supervision in connection with or as a result of any work or service performed under the terms of Executive s employment, will be promptly disclosed to the Bank, will become the Equity Group s property, and will be kept confidential by Executive. Any and all such information and data, reduced to written, graphic or other tangible form and any and all copies and reproduction thereof will be furnished to the Bank upon request and in any case will be returned to the Bank upon Executive s termination of employment for any reason. 

(b) Executive agrees that Executive will promptly disclose to the Bank all inventions or discoveries made, conceived, or for the first time reduced to practice in connection with or as a result of the work and/or services Executive performs for the Equity Group. 

(c) Executive agrees that he or she will assign the entire right, title and interest in any such invention or inventions and any patents that may be granted thereon in any country in the world concerning such inventions to the Bank. Executive further agrees that Executive will, without expense to the Bank other than reimbursement of Executive s business expenses, execute all documents and do all acts which may be necessary, desirable or convenient to enable the Bank, at its expense, to file and prosecute applications for patents on such inventions, and to maintain patents granted thereon. 

6. Notices . All notices, requests, demands and other communications required or permitted hereunder will be in writing and will be deemed to have been given upon receipt when delivered by hand or upon delivery to the address of the party determined pursuant to this Section when delivered by express mail, overnight courier or other similar method to such address or by electronic mail transmission provided a copy is also sent by registered or certified mail or by overnight courier), or three (3) business days after deposit of the notice in the US mail, if mailed by certified or registered mail, with postage prepaid addressed to the respective party as set forth below, which address may be changed by written notice to the other party: 

If to Parent or the Bank: 
 
 Equity Bank 
 7701 E. Kellogg, Suite 300 
 Wichita, Kansas 67202 
 Attn: CEO 
 E-mail: brade@equitybank.com 
 
 If to Executive, the most recent electronic mail or physical address on file with the Bank. 
 
 7. Section 280G . 

(a) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, in the event it will be determined that any payment or distribution by the Equity Group to or for the benefit of Executive (whether paid or payable or distributed or distributable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or otherwise) (such benefits, payments or distributions are hereinafter referred to as Payments would, if paid, be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax ), then, prior to the making of any Payments to Executive, a calculation will be made comparing (i) the net after-tax benefit to Executive of the Payments after payment by Executive of the Excise Tax, to (ii) the net after-tax benefit to Executive if the Payments had been limited to the extent necessary to avoid being subject to the Excise Tax. If the amount calculated under clause (i) of the 

(initials) ___ JC_____ 	- 9 -	 FILENAME \ MERGEFORMAT 00031247.DOCX 
 
 immediately preceding sentence is less than the amount calculated under clause (ii) thereof, then the Payments will be limited to the extent necessary to avoid triggering the Excise Tax (the Reduced Amount ). 

(b) The reduction of the Payments, if applicable, will be made by first reducing cash Payments and then, to the extent necessary, reducing those Payments having the next highest ratio of Parachute Value to actual present value of such Payments as of the date of the Change of Control, as determined by the accounting firm that was the Bank s independent auditor immediately before the Change of Control (the Determination Firm ). For purposes of this Section 7 , present value will be determined in accordance with Section 280G(d)(4) of the Code. For purposes of this Section 7 , the Parachute Value of a Payment means the present value as of the date of the Change of Control of the portion of such Payment that constitutes a parachute payment under Section 280G(b)(2) of the Code, as determined by the Determination Firm for purposes of determining whether and to what extent the Excise Tax will apply to such Payment. 

(c) All determinations required to be made under this Section 7 , including whether an Excise Tax would otherwise be imposed, whether the Payments will be reduced, the amount of the Reduced Amount, and the assumptions to be utilized in arriving at such determinations, will be made by the Determination Firm, which will provide detailed supporting calculations both to the Bank and Executive within fifteen (15) business days after the receipt of notice from Executive that a Payment is due to be made, or such earlier time as is requested by the Bank. All fees and expenses of the Determination Firm will be borne solely by the Bank. Any determination by the Determination Firm will be binding upon the Bank and Executive. 

(d) As a result of the uncertainty in the application of Section 4999 of the Code at the time of the initial determination by the Determination Firm hereunder, it is possible that amounts will have been paid or distributed by the Equity Group to or for the benefit of Executive that should not have been so paid or distributed (an Overpayment or that additional amounts that will have not been paid or distributed by the Equity Group to or for the benefit of Executive could have been so paid or distributed (an Underpayment ). In the event that the Determination Firm, based upon the assertion of a deficiency by the Internal Revenue Service against the Equity Group or Executive that the Determination Firm believes has a high probability of success determines that an Overpayment has been made, any such Overpayment paid or distributed by the Equity Group to or for the benefit of Executive will be repaid by Executive to the appropriate member of the Equity Group together with interest at the applicable federal rate provided for in Section 7872(f)(2)(A) of the Code; provided , however , that no such repayment will be required if and to the extent such deemed repayment would not either reduce the amount on which Executive is subject to tax under Section 1 and Section 4999 of the Code or generate a refund of such taxes. In the event that the Determination Firm, based upon controlling precedent or substantial authority, determines that an Underpayment has occurred, any such Underpayment will be promptly paid by the Equity Group to or for the benefit of Executive, together with interest at the applicable federal rate provided for in Section 7872(f)(2)(A) of the Code, but no later than March 15 of the year after the year in which the Underpayment is determined to exist, which is when the legally binding right to such Underpayment arises. 

(e) To the extent requested by Executive, the Bank will cooperate with the Executive in good faith in valuing, and the Determination Firm will take into account the value of, services provided or to be provided by Executive (including Executive s agreeing to refrain from performing services pursuant to a covenant not to compete or similar covenant) before, on or after the date of a change in ownership or control of Parent or the Bank (within the meaning of Q A-2(b) of the final regulations under Section 280G of the Code), such that payments in respect of such services 

(initials) ___ JC_____ 	- 10 -	 FILENAME \ MERGEFORMAT 00031247.DOCX 
 
 may be considered reasonable compensation within the meaning of Q A-9 and Q A-40 to Q A-44 of the final regulations under Section 280G of the Code and/or exempt from the definition of the term parachute payment within the meaning of Q A-2(a) of the final regulations under Section 280G of the Code in accordance with Q A-5(a) of the final regulations under Section 280G of the Code. 

8. Section 409A of the Code . 

(a) The amounts payable pursuant to this Agreement are intended to be exempt from Section 409A of the Code and related U.S. treasury regulations or official pronouncements and will be construed in a manner that is compliant with such exemption; provided , however , if and to the extent that any compensation payable under this Agreement is determined to be subject to Section 409A of the Code, this Agreement will be construed in a manner that will comply with Section 409A of the Code. The terms termination of employment and separate from service as used throughout this Agreement refer to a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. Any payments under this Agreement that may be excluded from Section 409A of the Code either as separation pay due to an involuntary separation from service or as a short-term deferral shall be excluded from Section 409A of the Code to the maximum extent possible. For purposes of Section 409A of the Code, each installment payment provided under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment. 

(b) If any benefits payable or otherwise provided under this Agreement would be deemed to constitute non-qualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code, Parent or the Bank, as applicable, will have the discretion to adjust the terms of such payment or benefit (but not the amount or value thereof) as reasonably necessary to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code to avoid the imposition of any excise tax or other penalty with respect to such payment or benefit under Section 409A of the Code. 

(c) Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Agreement, if Executive is deemed on the Termination Date to be a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, then any payments and benefits under this Agreement that are subject to Section 409A of the Code and paid by reason of a termination of employment will be made or provided on the later of (i) the payment date set forth in this Agreement or (ii) the date that is the earliest of (A) the expiration of the six-month period measured from the Termination Date, or (B) the date of Executive s death (the Delay Period ). Payments and benefits subject to the Delay Period will be paid or provided to Executive without interest for such delay. 

Any expense reimbursement payable to Executive under the terms of this Agreement will be paid on or before March 15 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which such reimbursable expense was incurred. The amount of such reimbursements that the Bank is obligated to pay in any given calendar year will not affect the amount the Bank is obligated to pay in any other calendar year. In addition, Executive may not liquidate or exchange the right to reimbursement of such expenses for any other benefits. 
 9. Binding Effect; Successors and Assigns . This Agreement will inure to the benefit of and be binding upon and enforceable by Executive and his estate, personal representatives, and heirs, and by Parent, the Bank and their respective successors and assigns. This Agreement and the payments hereunder may not be assigned, pledged or otherwise hypothecated by Executive. The Bank will require any successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Bank to assume expressly and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Bank would be required to perform it if no such succession had taken place. 

(initials) ___ JC_____ 	- 11 -	 FILENAME \ MERGEFORMAT 00031247.DOCX 
 
 As used in this Agreement, the Bank will mean the Bank as herein defined and any successor to their respective business or assets which assumes this Agreement by operation of law or otherwise. 

10. Entire Agreement . This Agreement is intended by the parties hereto to constitute the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the employment of Executive as an employee and officer of the Bank following the Effective Time and supersedes and replaces any prior offer letter or employment agreement by and between the Bank and Executive. 

11. Withholding of Taxes . Parent and the Bank may withhold from any amounts payable under this Agreement all federal, state, city or other taxes as Parent or the Bank, as applicable, is required to withhold pursuant to any applicable law, regulation or ruling. 

12. Dispute Resolution/Agreement to Arbitrate Claims . To ensure the rapid and economical resolution of disputes that may arise in connection with Executive s employment with Parent and the Bank, Executive, Parent and the Bank agree that any and all disputes, claims, or causes of action, in law or equity, including but not limited to statutory claims, arising from or relating to the enforcement, breach, performance, or interpretation of this Agreement, Executive s employment with Parent or the Bank, or the termination of Executive s employment from Parent or the Bank, will be resolved pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. 1, et seq . and to the fullest extent permitted by law, by final, binding and confidential arbitration, provided that neither party may initiate arbitration until 30 days after mediation with a mediator agreed upon by the parties, and where mediation does not result in resolution of the dispute. 

13. Except as provided below, Parent, the Bank and Executive agree that confidential arbitration is the exclusive, final and biding method for resolving all such claims 

(a) Claims Covered By this Agreement . Disputes that are subject to arbitration under this Agreement include, but are not limited to, claims for wages or other compensation due, including claims for overtime; meal or rest break claims; claims for breach of any contract or covenant (express or implied); tort claims, including, but not limited to claims for defamation, intentional infliction of emotional distress, invasion of privacy, and all negligence-based claims; personal injury claims; claims for discrimination, harassment and/or retaliation in employment including, but not limited to claims under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Fair Labor Standards Act, the Equal Pay Act, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, the Family and Medical Leave Act, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, the Older Worker Benefit Protection Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, all as they may have been amended from time to time, claims for misclassification, and claims for violation of common law or any other federal, state, or local laws relating to employment or separation from employment or benefits associated with employment or separation for employment. 

(b) Claims Not Covered By this Agreement . Claims for workers compensation, unemployment insurance, and claims for injunctive relief are not covered by this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to prevent Executive from filing an administrative claim with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. Moreover, Executive, Parent or the Bank may bring an action in any court of competent jurisdiction to compel arbitration under this Agreement and/or enforce and arbitration award. 

(c) Arbitration Rules and Procedures . The arbitration is to be conducted in or near Wichita, Kansas by JAMS, Inc. JAMS or its successors before a mutually selected single neutral arbitrator, under JAMS then applicable rules and procedures for employment disputes (which will be provided to Executive upon request); provided that the arbitrator shall: (i) have the 

(initials) ___ JC_____ 	- 12 -	 FILENAME \ MERGEFORMAT 00031247.DOCX 
 
 authority to compel adequate discovery for the resolution of the dispute and to award such relief as would otherwise be permitted by law; and (ii) issue a written arbitration decision including the arbitrator s essential findings and conclusions on which the award was based and a statement of the award. Executive, Parent and the Bank each shall be entitled to all rights and remedies that either would be entitled to pursue in a court of law. Questions of whether a claim is subject to arbitration under this Agreement shall be decided by the arbitrator. Likewise, procedural questions which grow out of the dispute and bear on the final disposition are also matters for the arbitrator. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, all claims, disputes, or causes of action under this section, whether by Executive, Parent or the Bank, must be brought in an individual capacity, and shall not be brought as a plaintiff (or claimant) or class member in any purported class or representative proceeding, nor joined or consolidated with the claims of any other person or entity. The Arbitrator may not consolidate the claims of more than one person or entity, and may not preside over any form of representative or class proceeding. EACH OF EXECUTIVE, PARENT AND THE BANK ACKNOWLEDGE THAT BY AGREEING TO THIS ARBITRATION PROCEDURE, THEY WAIVE THE RIGHT TO RESOLVE ANY SUCH DISPUTE THROUGH A TRIAL BY JURY OR JUDGE OR ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEEDING . The Bank shall pay all filing fees in excess of those which would be required if the dispute were decided in a court of law (that is, costs that are unique to arbitration) and shall pay the arbitrator s fee. Each party shall pay the fees of its attorneys, the expenses of its witnesses, and any other costs and expenses that the party incurs in connection with the arbitration; provided that an arbitrator may award attorneys fees to the prevailing party, if the arbitrator determines in its sole discretion that such an award is permitted by applicable law. Any dispute as to whether a cost is unique to arbitration will be exclusively resolved by the arbitrator. Each of Executive, Parent and the Bank have the right to be represented by legal counsel at any arbitration proceeding. The arbitration proceedings will be confidential to the extent permitted by law. Executive, Parent and the Bank will maintain all information and documents exchanged in connection with and in the course of the arbitration as confidential, except to the extent the disclosure of such information or documentation is necessary to enforce any award or challenge any award as permitted by the applicable law. 

(d) No Change in At-Will Employment . This agreement to arbitrate claims is not a contract of employment, expressed or implied, and Executive, Parent and the Bank acknowledge that Executive s employment is at-will and that this agreement does not change the at-will status of Executive s employment subject to the Bank s obligations under Sections 3 (b) and (d). EACH OF EXECUTIVE, PARENT AND THE BANK ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THEY HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THE TERMS OF SECTION 12 , AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE CLAIMS, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS. 

14. Amendments . This Agreement may not be amended or modified except in writing signed by both parties. 

15. Right to Setoff . The Bank may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, deduct from and setoff against any amounts payable by the Bank to Executive under this Agreement or otherwise such amounts as may be owed by Executive to the Bank, although the Executive shall remain liable for any part of Executive s payment obligation not satisfied through such deduction and setoff. By signing this Agreement, Executive agrees to any deduction or setoff under this Section 15 , to the maximum extent permitted by law. 

16. Waivers . The failure of either party to insist upon the strict performance of any provision hereof will not constitute a waiver of such provision. All waivers must be in writing. 

(initials) ___ JC_____ 	- 13 -	 FILENAME \ MERGEFORMAT 00031247.DOCX 
 
 17. Future Employers . The Bank may notify anyone employing Executive or evidencing an intention to employ Executive as to the existence and provisions of this Agreement and may provide any such person or organization a copy of this Agreement. Executive agrees that for a period equal to the Restricted Period after Executive s termination of employment for any reason, Executive will provide the Bank the identity of any employer Executive goes to work for along with Executive s job title and anticipated job duties with any such employer. 

18. Governing Law . This Agreement will be deemed to be made in and in all respects will be interpreted, construed and governed by and in accordance with the laws of the State of Kansas, excluding its conflicts of laws. 

19. Severability . In the event any provision of this Agreement is held illegal or invalid, the remaining provisions of this Agreement will not be affected thereby. 

20. Definitions . For purposes of this Agreement: 

(a) Cause means any of the following acts or omissions by Executive: (i) any act or omission requiring the Bank to terminate Executive in order to comply with Section 19 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, 12 USC Section 1829(a), (ii) the commission of a felony or any other crime involving moral turpitude or the pleading of nolo contendere to any such act, (iii) the commission of any act or acts of dishonesty when such acts are intended to result or result, directly or indirectly, in gain or personal enrichment of Executive or any related person or affiliated company and are intended to cause harm or damage to any member of the Equity Group, (iv) the illegal use of controlled substances, (v) the misappropriation or embezzlement of assets of any member of the Equity Group, (vi) the breach of any material term or provision of this Agreement, (vii) a knowing and willful violation of a material business directive of the Direct Supervisor that is not remedied within a reasonable period after receipt of written notice from the Direct Supervisor, who may determine the reasonable cure period in such written notice; (viii) continuing or habitual drug or alcohol use that materially interferes with the performance of Executive s duties and responsibilities; or (ix) failure or refusal by Executive to substantially perform his or her duties to the reasonable satisfaction of the Direct Supervisor. The Bank may place Executive on paid leave for up to 60 days while it is determining whether there is a basis to terminate the Executive's employment for Cause. Any such action by the Bank will not constitute Good Reason. 

(b) Change of Control means the occurrence, after the Effective Date, of any event described in (i), (ii) or (iii) below. 

(i) The acquisition by any individual, entity or group (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) (a Person of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of 50 or more of either (A) the then-outstanding equity interests of Parent (the Outstanding Company Equity or (B) the combined voting power of the then-outstanding voting securities of Parent entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (the Outstanding Company Voting Securities ); provided, however , that, for purposes of this Section 19(b)(i) , the following acquisitions will not constitute a Change of Control: (1) any acquisition directly from Parent, (2) any acquisition by Parent, (3) any acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by Parent, the Bank, or any of their respective affiliates, or (4) any acquisition by any corporation or other entity pursuant to a transaction that complies with Section 19(b)(iii)(X) , Section 19(b)(iii)(Y) , or Section 19(b)(iii)(Z) ; 

(initials) ___ JC_____ 	- 14 -	 FILENAME \ MERGEFORMAT 00031247.DOCX 
 
 (ii) Any time at which individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board (the Incumbent Board cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board; provided, however, that any individual becoming a director subsequent to the date hereof whose election, or nomination for election by Parent s stockholders, was approved by a vote of at least a majority of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board will be considered as though such individual were a member of the Incumbent Board, but excluding, for this purpose, any such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of directors or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Incumbent Board; or 

(iii) Consummation of (A) a reorganization, merger, statutory share exchange or consolidation or similar corporate transaction involving Parent or any of its subsidiaries, (B) a sale or other disposition of assets of Parent that have a total gross fair market value i.e. , determined without regard to any liabilities associated with such assets) equal to or more than 75 of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of Parent immediately prior to such sale or other disposition, or (C) the acquisition of assets or equity interests of another entity by Parent or any of its subsidiaries (each, a Business Combination ), in each case unless, following such Business Combination, (X) all or substantially all of the individuals and entities that were the beneficial owners of the Outstanding Company Equity and the Outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own, directly or indirectly, more than 50 of the then-outstanding equity interests and the combined voting power of the then-outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors or equivalent body of the entity resulting from such Business Combination (including, without limitation, a corporation or other entity that, as a result of such transaction, owns Parent or all or substantially all of Parent s assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership immediately prior to such Business Combination of the Outstanding Company Equity and the Outstanding Company Voting Securities, (Y) no Person (excluding any entity resulting from such Business Combination or any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of Parent or such other entity resulting from such Business Combination) beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 50 or more of, respectively, the then-outstanding equity interests of the entity resulting from such Business Combination or the combined voting power of the then-outstanding voting securities of such entity, except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination, and (Z) at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the corporation or equivalent body of any other entity resulting from such Business Combination were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement or of the action of the Board providing for such Business Combination. 

(c) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

(d) Confidential Information means and includes the Equity Group s confidential and/or proprietary information and/or trade secrets that have been developed or used and/or will be developed and that cannot be obtained readily by third parties from outside sources. Confidential Information includes, by way of example and without limitation, the following: information regarding customers, employees, contractors, and the industry not generally known to the public; strategies, methods, books, records, and documents; technical information concerning products, equipment, services, and processes; procurement procedures and pricing techniques; the names of 

(initials) ___ JC_____ 	- 15 -	 FILENAME \ MERGEFORMAT 00031247.DOCX 
 
 and other information concerning customers, investors, and business affiliates (such as contact name, service provided, pricing for that customer, amount of services used, credit and financial data, and/or other information relating to the Equity Group s relationship with that customer); pricing strategies and price curves; plans and strategies for expansion or acquisitions; budgets; customer lists; research; financial and sales data; trading terms; evaluations, opinions, and interpretations of information and data; marketing and merchandising techniques; prospective customers names and marks; grids and maps; electronic databases; models; specifications; computer programs; internal business records; contracts benefiting or obligating the Equity Group; bids or proposals submitted to any third party; technologies and methods; training methods and training processes; organizational structure; salaries of personnel; payment amounts or rates paid to consultants or other service providers; and other such confidential or proprietary information. 

(e) Direct Supervisor means the individual identified on Appendix A. 

(f) Disability means the inability of Executive to perform the essential functions of his position with or without reasonable accommodation by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months. 

(g) Good Reason means a termination of employment by Executive due to the occurrence of one (1) or more of the following events which are not corrected within thirty (30) days after receipt of written notice from Executive to the Board: 

(i) A material adverse change in Executive s status, title, position or responsibilities (including reporting responsibilities) with the Bank; 

(ii) Assignment to Executive of any duties or responsibilities which are materially inconsistent with the position or responsibilities of Executive with the Bank; 

(iii) A material reduction in Executive s Base Salary; 

(iv) The requiring of Executive to relocate his or her principal business office to any place outside a thirty (30) mile radius from Executive s current place of employment in Wichita, Kansas (reasonable required travel on Equity Group business will not constitute a relocation of Executive s principal business office); or 

(v) A material breach of any provision of this Agreement which is not timely corrected by Parent or the Bank, as applicable, upon thirty (30) days prior written notice from Executive; 

provided , however , that Executive must provide notice to the Board within ninety (90) days of obtaining knowledge of any of the events listed above and Executive must terminate his or her employment no later than 31 days from the date of Executive s written notice to the Board of the occurrence of any of the foregoing events in order for such termination to be deemed a termination for Good Reason. 
 
 (h) Restricted Area means, as of any given date, any county in which the Bank has a physical location or has taken material steps to establish a physical location, and any county that is contiguous to any such county. 

(initials) ___ JC_____ 	- 16 -	 FILENAME \ MERGEFORMAT 00031247.DOCX 
 
 (i) Restricted Period means the period that begins on the Effective Date and ends twenty-four (24) months following the Termination Date. 

21. Survival . Provisions of this Agreement will survive any termination of Executive s employment if so provided or if necessary or desirable to fully accomplish the purposes of the other surviving provisions, including, without limitation, the obligations of Executive under Section 4 and the obligations of the Bank under Sections 3 , 

22. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (which may be exchanged by facsimile or e-mail), each of which is deemed an original, but which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 

23. Section Headings; Construction . The section headings used in this Agreement are included solely for convenience and will not affect, or be used in connection with, the interpretation hereof. For purposes of this Agreement, the term including will mean including, without limitation. 

[Signature Page Follows] 
 
 (initials) ___ JC_____ 	- 17 -	 FILENAME \ MERGEFORMAT 00031247.DOCX 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have executed this Agreement as of the day and year first above written. 

EQUITY BANK 

By: 
 /s/ Brad S. Elliott 

Name: 
 Brad S. Elliott 

Title: 
 Chairman/CEO 

EXECUTIVE 

/s/ John Creech 

John Creech 

For the limited purposes set forth herein: EQUITY BANCSHARES, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Brad S. Elliott 

Name: 
 Brad S. Elliott 

Title: 
 Chairman/CEO 

- 18 - 	 FILENAME \ MERGEFORMAT 00031247.DOCX 
 
 APPENDIX A 
 
 Other Compensation and Benefits 
 
 A.	 Sign-On Bonus . The Bank will pay Executive a sign-on bonus (the Sign-On Bonus in the amount of 215,000, within 30 days following the Effective Date, provided that if on or before the 12-month anniversary of the Effective Date Executive terminates his or her employment hereunder (other than for Good Reason) or the Bank terminates Executive s employment for Cause, Executive must repay the Bank the Sign-On Bonus, pro-rated based on the number of calendar days remaining between the date that Executive s employment ends and the 12-month anniversary of the Effective Date. 
 
 B.	 Sign-On Equity Award . On the first regularly scheduled grant date after the Effective Date, Parent will grant Executive an equity award (the Sign-On Equity Award under the Equity Plan. The Sign-On Equity Award will have a targeted grant date fair value equal to approximately 135,000, and will be comprised of time-based restricted stock units that will vest in five equal annual installments beginning on the first anniversary of the Effective Date, subject to Executive s continuing employment through each such vesting date. The Sign-On Equity Award will be subject to the Equity Plan and will be memorialized in (and subject to the terms of) a written award agreement approved by the Board (or a committee thereof). 
 
 C.	 Relocation Expense Reimbursement . The Bank will pay directly or reimburse Executive, promptly after receipt from Executive of invoices or other supporting documentation, for up to 25,000 in reasonable expenses incurred by Executive in relocating to the Wichita, Kansas metropolitan area; provided that receipts or invoices for all such expenses must be submitted by Executive to the Bank for reimbursement within a reasonable time after such expense is incurred. If on or before the first anniversary of the Effective Date Executive terminates his or her employment hereunder (other than for Good Reason) or the Bank terminates Executive s employment for Cause, Executive must promptly repay the Bank in full for the amount of such relocation expenses actually paid or reimbursed by the Bank. 
 
 D.	 Housing Allowance . The Bank will pay the reasonable costs and expenses of temporary housing for Executive in the Wichita, Kansas metropolitan area for 90 days following the Effective Date. If on or before the first anniversary of the Effective Date Executive terminates his or her employment hereunder (other than for Good Reason) or the Bank terminates Executive s employment for Cause, Executive must promptly repay the Bank in full for the amount of such temporary housing allowance actually paid or reimbursed by the Bank. 
 
 E.	 Vacation, Paid Time Off . 160 hours of paid vacation per calendar year (prorated for partial calendar year) to be used in accordance with the Bank s vacation policies, as in effect from time to time, and as may be modified. Executive will receive other paid time off in accordance with the Bank s policies for senior management as such policies may exist from time to time, and as may be modified. 
 
 F.	 Direct Supervisor . Greg Kossover, or in his absence Brad Elliott, Chairman/CEO. 
 - 19 - 
 (initials) ____JC____ 		 FILENAME \ MERGEFORMAT 00031247.DOCX 

- 20 - 
 (initials) ____JC____ 		 FILENAME \ MERGEFORMAT 00031247.DOCX 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 4
 eqbk-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 EQUITY BANCSHARES, INC. 
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 

Name of Subsidiary 
 State of Organization 

EBHQ, LLC EBAC, LLC 
 Kansas Kansas 

ERMI, LLC 
 Missouri 

EQBK Investment Subsidiary, LLC 
 Missouri 

Real Estate Investment Trust, LLC 
 Missouri 

Equity Bank 
 Kansas 

FCB Capital Trust II 
 Delaware 

FCB Capital Trust III 
 Delaware 

Community First (AR) Statutory Trust I American State Bank Statutory Trust I 
 Connecticut Delaware 

SA Holdings, Inc. 
 Kansas 

1 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 eqbk-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements on Forms S-8 (Nos. 333-264988, 333-209862, 333-217197, 333-225220, and 333-232826) and Form S-3 (Nos. 333-267025, 333-215583 and 333-225419) of Equity Bancshares, Inc. of our report dated March 9, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Crowe LLP 
 
 Indianapolis, Indiana 
 March 9, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 6
 eqbk-ex24_1.htm
 EX-24.1

EX-24 

Exhibit 24.1 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below does hereby constitute and appoint Brad S. Elliott, Gregory H. Kossover and Eric R. Newell, jointly and each of them severally, his or her true and lawful attorney in fact and agent, with full power of substitution and re substitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place, and stead, in any and all capacities, to execute and sign the Annual Report on Form 10 K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC pursuant to the provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, by Equity Bancshares, Inc. and, further, to execute and sign any and all amendments thereto and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the SEC, granting unto said attorneys in fact and agents, and each of them, or their or his or her substitute or substitutes, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite or necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as the undersigned might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all the acts that said attorneys-in fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned persons have caused this Power of Attorney to be executed as of dates set forth below: 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Brad S. Elliott 
 
 Chairman and 
 
 March 2, 2023 

Brad S. Elliott 
 
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Eric R. Newell 
 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial 
 
 March 9, 2023 

Eric R. Newell 
 
 Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Gregory H. Kossover 
 
 Director, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer 
 
 March 2, 2023 

Gregory H. Kossover 

/s/ Gary C. Allerheiligen 
 
 Director 
 
 March 2, 2023 

Gary C. Allerheiligen 

/s/ Leon H. Borck 
 
 Director 
 
 March 2, 2023 

Leon H. Borck 

/s/ Kevin E. Cook 
 
 Director 
 
 March 2, 2023 

Kevin E. Cook 

/s/ Junetta M. Everett 
 
 Director 
 
 March 1, 2023 

Junetta M. Everett 

/s/ Gregory L. Gaeddert 
 
 Director 
 
 March 8, 2023 

Gregory L. Gaeddert 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Benjamen M. Hutton 
 
 Director 
 
 March 8, 2023 

Benjamen M. Hutton 

/s/ R. Renee Koger 
 
 Director 
 
 March 2, 2023 

R. Renee Koger 

/s/ James S. Loving 
 
 Director 
 
 March 2, 2023 

James S. Loving 

/s/ Jerry P. Maland 
 
 Director 
 
 March 6, 2023 

Jerry P. Maland 

/s/ Shawn D. Penner 
 
 Director 
 
 March 3, 2023 

Shawn D. Penner 

</EX-24>

<EX-31>
 7
 eqbk-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Brad S. Elliott, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Equity Bancshares, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

March 9, 2023 

/s/ Brad S. Elliott 

Brad S. Elliott 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 8
 eqbk-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Eric R. Newell, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Equity Bancshares, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

March 9, 2023 

/s/ Eric R. Newell 

Eric R. Newell 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 9
 eqbk-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with this annual report of Equity Bancshares, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Brad S. Elliott, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

EQUITY BANCSHARES, INC. 

March 9, 2023 

/s/ Brad S. Elliott 

Brad S. Elliott 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 10
 eqbk-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with this annual report of Equity Bancshares, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Eric R. Newell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

EQUITY BANCSHARES, INC. 

March 9, 2023 

/s/ Eric R. Newell 

Eric R. Newell 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 eqbk-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 eqbk-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 eqbk-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.CAL>
 16
 eqbk-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.SCH>
 17
 eqbk-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

