<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230221_10-K_edgar_data_1393311_0001393311-23-000012.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15620443</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>482499</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1994515</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5606641</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3760360</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3497463</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001393311-23-000012.hdr.sgml : 20230221
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230221161536
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001393311-23-000012
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		93
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230221
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230221

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Public Storage
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001393311
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				953551121
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33519
		FILM NUMBER:		23648306

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		701 WESTERN AVENUE
		CITY:			GLENDALE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91201-2349
		BUSINESS PHONE:		818-244-8080

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		701 WESTERN AVENUE
		CITY:			GLENDALE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91201-2349

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001393311-23-000012.txt : 20230221

10-K
 1
 psa-20221231.htm
 10-K

psa-20221231 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 . 
 or 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the transition period from to . 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization 
 I.R.S. Employer Identification Number 
 
 , , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Class Trading Symbol Name of exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common shares held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of June 30, 2022: 
 Common Shares, 0.10 par value per share (computed on the basis of 312.67 per share, which was the reported closing sale price of the Company's Common Shares on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE on June 30, 2022). 
 As of February 16, 2023, there were outstanding Common Shares, 0.10 par value per share. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Public Storage 
 Form 10-K 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Part I Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 10 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 19 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 20 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 21 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 21 
 Part II Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 22 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 22 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 22 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 50 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 50 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 50 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 50 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 53 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 53 
 Part III Item 10. 
 Trustees, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 54 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 54 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 54 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Trustee Independence 
 55 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 55 
 Part IV Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 56 

PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. Business 
 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include statements relating to our 2023 outlook and all underlying assumptions, our proposal to acquire Life Storage, Inc. Life Storage ), our expected acquisition, disposition, development, and redevelopment activity, supply and demand for our self-storage facilities, information relating to operating trends in our markets, expectations regarding operating expenses, including property tax changes, expectations regarding the impacts from inflation and a potential future recession, our strategic priorities, expectations with respect to financing activities, rental rates, cap rates, and yields, leasing expectations, our credit ratings, and all other statements other than statements of historical fact. Such statements are based on management s beliefs and assumptions made based on information currently available to management and may be identified by the use of the words expects, believes, anticipates, should, estimates, and similar expressions. 
 These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, which may cause our actual results and performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties that may impact future results and performance include, but are not limited to, those described in Part 1, Item 1A, Risk Factors of this report and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). These include changes in demand for our facilities, impacts of natural disasters, adverse changes in laws and regulations including governing property tax, evictions, rental rates, minimum wage levels, and insurance, our ability to consummate acquisition transactions, including our proposed acquisition of Life Storage, and to realize the intended benefits of such transactions, adverse economic effects from the COVID-19 Pandemic, international military conflicts, or similar events impacting public health and/or economic activity, increases in the costs of our primary customer acquisition channels, adverse impacts to us and our customers from inflation, unfavorable foreign currency rate fluctuations, changes in federal or state tax laws related to the taxation of REITs, security breaches, including ransomware, or a failure of our networks, systems, or technology. 
 These forward looking statements speak only as of the date of this report or as of the dates indicated in the statements. All of our forward-looking statements, including those in this report, are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update publicly or otherwise revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, new estimates, or other factors, events, or circumstances after the date of these forward looking statements, except when expressly required by law. Given these risks and uncertainties, you should not rely on any forward-looking statements in this report, or which management may make orally or in writing from time to time, neither as predictions of future events nor guarantees of future performance. 
 General Discussion of our Business 
 Public Storage (referred to herein as the Company, we, us, or our ), a Maryland real estate investment trust that has elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust REIT ), was organized in 1980. Our principal business activities include the ownership, development, and operation of self-storage facilities and other related operations including tenant reinsurance and third-party self-storage management. We are the industry leading owner and operator of self-storage properties, with the most recognized brand in the self-storage industry, including our ubiquitous orange color. 
 Self-storage Operations : 
 We acquire, develop, own, and operate self-storage facilities, which offer storage spaces for lease on a month-to-month basis, for personal and business use. We are the largest owner and operator of self-storage facilities in the United States U.S. ), with physical presence in most major markets and 40 states. We believe our scale, brand name, and technology platform afford us competitive advantages. At December 31, 2022, we held interests in and consolidated 2,869 self-storage facilities (an aggregate of 204 million net rentable square feet of space) operating under the Public Storage name. 
 1 

Other Operations: 
 We manage insurance programs whereby customers at our facilities, including those we manage for third parties, have the option of purchasing insurance from a non-affiliated insurance company to cover certain losses to their stored goods. A wholly-owned, consolidated subsidiary of Public Storage fully reinsures these policies and thereby assumes all risk of losses under the policies. This subsidiary receives from the non-affiliated insurance company reinsurance premiums substantially equal to the premiums collected from our tenants. These policies cover claims for losses related to specified events up to a maximum limit of 5,000 per storage unit. We reinsure all risks in this program but purchase insurance from an independent third party insurer to cover this exposure for a limit of 15.0 million for losses in excess of 5.0 million per occurrence. At December 31, 2022, there were approximately 1.2 million certificates of insurance held by our self-storage customers, representing aggregate coverage of approximately 5.6 billion. 
 At December 31, 2022, we managed 114 facilities for third parties, and were under contract to manage 78 additional facilities including 73 facilities that are currently under construction. In addition, we sell merchandise, primarily locks and cardboard boxes at our self-storage facilities. 
 We hold a 35 interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited Shurgard ). Shurgard is a public company traded on Euronext Brussels under the SHUR symbol. At December 31, 2022, Shurgard owned and operated 266 self-storage facilities (15 million net rentable square feet) located in seven countries in Western Europe under the Shurgard name. We previously held a significant equity interest in PS Business Parks, Inc. PSB ), which we sold in July 2022 in connection with PSB s merger with an unaffiliated third party. 
 For all periods presented herein, we have elected to be treated as a REIT, as defined in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). For each taxable year in which we qualify for taxation as a REIT, we will not be subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax on our REIT taxable income (generally, taxable income subject to specified adjustments, including a deduction for dividends paid and excluding our net capital gain) that is distributed to our shareholders. We believe we met these requirements in all periods presented herein and we expect to continue to qualify as a REIT. 
 We file annually with the SEC annual reports on Form 10-K, which include consolidated financial statements certified by our independent registered public accountants. We also file quarterly with the SEC quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, which include unaudited consolidated financial statements. We expect to continue such reporting. 
 On our website, www.publicstorage.com, we make available, free of charge, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, definitive proxy statements, and other reports required to be filed with or furnished to the SEC, as well as all supplements and amendments to those filings, as soon as reasonably practicable after the filings, supplements, and amendments are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. The information contained on our website is not a part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Competition 
 Ownership and operation of self-storage facilities is highly fragmented. As the largest owner of self-storage facilities, we believe that we own approximately 9 of the self-storage square footage in the U.S. and that collectively the five largest self-storage owners in the U.S. own approximately 20 , with the remaining 80 owned by regional and local operators. We believe our Public Storage brand awareness, as well as our digital customer experience described below, provide us with a competitive advantage in acquiring and retaining customers relative to other self-storage operators. 
 The high level of ownership fragmentation in the industry is partially attributable to the relative simplicity of managing a local self-storage facility, such that small-scale owners can operate self-storage facilities at a basic level of profitability without significant managerial or operational infrastructure. Our facilities compete with nearby self-storage facilities owned by other operators, who use marketing channels, including Internet advertising, signage, and banners, and offer services similar to ours. As a result, competition is significant and affects the occupancy levels, rental rates, rental income, and operating expenses of our facilities. However, we believe that the economies of scale inherent in this business result in our being able to operate self-storage facilities at a materially higher level of cash flow per square foot than other operators without our scale. 
 
 2 

Technology 
 We believe technology enables revenue optimization and cost efficiencies. Over the past few years we have invested in additional technologies that we believe have enabled us to operate and compete more effectively by providing customers with an enhanced digital experience. 
 Convenient shopping experience: Customers can conveniently shop for available storage space, reviewing attributes such as facility location, size, amenities (such as climate-control), and pricing through the following marketing channels: 
 Our Website: The online marketing channel is a key source of customers. Approximately 79 of our move-ins in 2022 were sourced through our website and we believe that many of our other customers who reserved directly through our customer care center or arrived at a facility and moved in without a reservation, have reviewed our pricing and availability online through our website. We seek to update the structure, layout, and content of our website regularly in order to enhance our placement in unpaid search in Google and related websites, to improve the efficiency of our bids in paid search campaigns, and to maximize users likelihood of reserving space on our website. 
 Our Customer Care Center: Our customer care center is staffed by skilled sales specialists and customer service representatives. Customers reach our customer care center by calling our advertised toll-free telephone numbers provided on search engines, from our website, the Public Storage App, or from our in-store kiosks. We believe giving customers the option to interact with a live agent, despite the higher marginal cost relative to a reservation made on our website, enhances our ability to close sales with potential customers and results in greater satisfaction. We also have live Internet chat capability as another channel for our customers to engage our agents, cost effectively improving customer responsiveness. 
 Our Properties: Customers can also shop for available space at any one of our facilities. Property managers access the same information that is available on our website and to our customer care center agents and can inform the customer of available space at that site or at our other nearby storage facilities. Property managers are trained to maximize the conversion of such walk in shoppers into customers. We are expanding the use of in-store kiosks to give customers the options of a full self-service experience or a two-way video assisted service via our existing customer care center. 
 eRental move-in process: To further enhance the move-in experience, we offer our eRental process whereby prospective tenants (including those who initially reserved a space) are able to execute their rental agreement from their smartphone or computer and then go directly to their space on the move-in date. More than half of customers utilized our eRental process during 2022. 
 Public Storage App: We maintain an industry leading customer smartphone application. The Public Storage App provides our customers with digital access to our properties, as well as payment and other account management functions. 
 Centralized information network: Our centralized reporting and information network enables us to identify changing market conditions and operating trends and analyze customer data. Our network allows us to quickly change each of our individual property s pricing and promotions, and drive marketing spending, such as the relative level of bidding for various paid search terms on paid search engines. 
 Growth and Investment Strategies 
 Our ongoing growth strategies consist of: (i) improving the operating performance of our existing self-storage facilities, (ii) acquiring and developing facilities, and (iii) growing ancillary business activities including tenant reinsurance and third-party management services. While our long-term strategy includes each of these elements, in the short term the level of growth in our asset base in any period is dependent upon the cost and availability of capital, as well as the relative attractiveness of available investment alternatives. 
 Improve the operating performance of existing facilities: We regularly update and enhance our strategies to increase the net cash flow of our existing self-storage facilities through maximizing revenues and controlling operating costs. We maximize revenues through striking the appropriate balance between occupancy and rates to new and existing 
 3 

tenants by regularly adjusting (i) our promotional and other discounts, (ii) the rental rates we charge to new and existing customers, and (iii) our marketing spending and intensity. We inform these pricing and marketing decisions by observing their impact on web and customer care center traffic, reservations, move-ins, move-outs, tenant length of stay, and other indicators of response. The size and scope of our operations have enabled us to achieve high operating margins and a low level of administrative costs relative to revenues through the centralization of many functions, such as facility maintenance, employee compensation and benefits programs, revenue management, and the development and documentation of standardized operating procedures. 
 Acquire existing properties: We seek to capitalize on the fragmentation of the self-storage industry through acquiring attractively priced, well-located existing self-storage facilities. We believe our presence in and knowledge of substantially all of the major markets in the U.S. enhances our ability to identify attractive acquisition opportunities. Data on the rental rates and occupancy levels of our existing facilities provide us an advantage in evaluating the potential of acquisition opportunities. Our aggressiveness in bidding for particular marketed facilities depends upon many factors including the potential for future growth, the quality of construction and location, the cash flow we expect from the facility when operated on our platform, how well the facility fits into our current geographic footprint, and our return on capital expectations. 
 Develop new self-storage facilities and expand existing facilities: The development of new self-storage locations and the expansion of existing facilities has been an important source of our growth. Our operating experience in major markets and experience in stabilizing new properties provides us advantages in developing new facilities. We plan to increase our development activity when we identify attractive risk adjusted return profiles with yields above those of acquisitions. However, our level of development is dependent upon many factors, including the cost and availability of land, the cost and availability of construction materials and labor, zoning and permitting limitations, our cost of capital, the cost of acquiring facilities relative to developing new facilities, and local demand and economic conditions. 
 Grow ancillary business activities: We pursue growth initiatives aimed at increasing our insurance offering coverage for tenants who choose to protect their stored items against loss and desire to maximize their storage experience. As we grow our self-storage portfolio we have the opportunity to increase the growth profile of our tenant reinsurance business. 
 Our third party management business enables us to generate revenues through management fees, expand our presence, increase our economies of scale, promote our brand, and enhance our ability to acquire additional facilities over the medium and long-term as a result of strategic relationships forged with third-party owners. 
 Compliance with Government Regulations 
 We are subject to various laws, ordinances, and regulations, including various federal, state, and local regulations that apply generally to the ownership of real property and the operation of self-storage facilities. These include various laws and regulations concerning environmental matters, labor matters, and employee safety and health matters. Further, our insurance activities are subject to state insurance laws and regulations as determined by the particular insurance commissioner for each state in accordance with certain federal regulations. 
 We are committed to a long-term environmental stewardship program that reduces emissions of hazardous materials into the environment and the remediation of identified existing environmental concerns, including environmentally-friendly capital initiatives and building and operating properties with high structural resilience and low obsolescence. We accrue environmental assessments and estimated remediation costs when it is probable that such efforts will be required and the related costs can be reasonably estimated. Our current practice is to conduct environmental investigations in connection with property acquisitions. Although there can be no assurance, we are not aware of any environmental contamination of any of our facilities that individually or in the aggregate would be material to our overall business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 Refer to Item 1A, Risk Factors below for a discussion of certain risks related to government regulations, including risks related to environmental regulations, emergency regulations adopted in response to wildfires, flooding, or public health crises that restrict access to our facilities or the rents we can charge our customers, wage regulations, income tax regulations including relating to REIT qualification, and property tax regulations. 
 4 

Aside from the regulations discussed therein, we are not aware of any government regulations that have resulted or that we expect will result in compliance costs that had or will have a material effect on our capital expenditures, earnings, or competitive position. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 Our employees are the foundation of our business and fundamental to our ability to execute our corporate strategies and build long-term value for our stakeholders. In order to maintain a strong foundation, our key human capital management objectives are to attract, develop, and retain the highest quality talent. We achieve these objectives by committing to our employees to provide a diverse and inclusive workplace, regular and open communication, competitive and supportive compensation and benefits programs, and opportunities for career growth and development. Together with our core values of doing the right thing and integrity in all that we do, which serve as the cornerstone of our corporate culture, we believe that this commitment facilitates employee engagement and their commitment to Public Storage. 
 We have approximately 5,900 employees, including 5,090 customer facing roles (such as property level and customer care center personnel), 380 field management employees, and 430 employees in our corporate operations. 
 The following is an overview of our key programs and initiatives focused on attracting, developing, and retaining the highest quality talent: 
 Diversity and Inclusion 
 We are committed to creating an inclusive and diverse workplace where all employees feel valued, included, and excited to be part of a best-in-class team. Our employees come from all different races, backgrounds, and life experiences, and we celebrate inclusion and value the diversity each person brings to Public Storage. Our commitment to diversity and inclusion makes us a stronger company and instills a sense of pride across our teams as we serve our customers. 
 In 2021, our Chief Executive Officer signed the CEO Action for Diversity Inclusion pledge, reflecting our commitment to foster an environment where everyone feels valued and included. This commitment extends not just throughout Public Storage but across the real estate industry. In this regard, in 2022, we made a founding donor contribution to the Nareit Dividends through Diversity, Equity Inclusion Giving Campaign, which is directed at taking actionable and sustainable measures that support the recruitment, inclusion, development, and advancement of women, black professionals, other people of color, ethnically diverse individuals, and members of other under-represented groups in REITs and the publicly traded real estate industry. 
 Public Storage hires based on skills, personality, and experience, without regard to age, gender, race, ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, or other protected characteristic. We maintain policies regarding diversity, equal opportunity, pay-for-performance, discrimination, harassment, and labor (including opposition to child, forced, and compulsory labor). We also maintain a policy of requiring that diverse candidate slates be considered for all director positions and above. 
 Adherence to our practice of hiring the best has fostered a diverse and inclusive employee base that reflects the diversity of the customers we serve. Our commitment to diversity is evident at all levels of the organization. Additionally, by having a balanced mix of generations in the organization, we gain from the experiences each age group brings our employees are 9 Boomer, 38 Gen X, 36 Gen Y and 17 Gen Z. 
 
 We publicly disclose our annual Consolidated EEO-1 report, which reflects the race, ethnicity, and gender composition of our workforce, on the Investor Relations section of our website. 
 
 5 

Communication and Engagement 
 Given the geographically dispersed nature of our business, regular and clear communication is critical to ensuring that employees feel informed, included, and engaged. We communicate through various channels, including email communications, a monthly newsletter and town halls, where we provide employees company strategy and performance updates, employee recognitions and other information and the opportunity to ask questions of our leaders. 
 In order to better understand the effectiveness of our engagement strategies, we conduct various surveys that measure employee commitment, motivation, and engagement, and solicit employee feedback that helps us improve. In 2022, 85 of our employees participated in our employee engagement survey, an increase from 80 in 2021, and we achieved employee engagement of 76 . We are committed to continuous listening and improvement for our employees, and our feedback tools have guided enhancements for our employees, including the development of additional career progression opportunities and enhancements to our employee compensation and benefits programs. 
 We believe that the success of our engagement strategies can also be seen through third party surveys and recognition. Among other recognitions, we are proud to be named in 2022 a Great Place to Work and included on the 2022 Forbes and Statista America s Best Large Employers award list. We have also been recognized by Comparably, Inc. as a Choice Employer with an A+ Culture Score based on employee responses across 18 culture metrics, among other recognitions. 
 Compensation, Health, Wellness, and Safety 
 Public Storage maintains compensation and benefits programs designed to incentivize, reward, and support our employees. We believe in aligning employee compensation with our short- and long-term performance goals and providing the compensation and incentives needed to attract, motivate, and retain employees who are crucial to our success. We tailor our compensation programs to each employee group to ensure competitiveness in the market and to drive employee engagement. 
 We are committed to the total well-being of all our employees and provide resources to help support them in times of need along with access to targeted solutions to help them achieve their personal and financial goals. We provide affordable health plans and programs to virtually all our employees. Anyone working 20 hours or more is eligible to participate in our health benefit offerings, which include medical, dental, vision, flexible and health savings accounts, discount programs, and income protection plans. We also offer a 401(k) plan with generous matching employer contributions to help our employees prepare for retirement. In addition to these programs, we maintain various employee support programs, including access to counseling, life planning tools, and discount programs for fitness, legal services, and home, auto, and pet insurance. Finally, we offer a range of educational tools and resources, including a dedicated health and wellness website, to help empower our employees to maintain a healthy and balanced lifestyle. 
 We are committed to providing safe self-storage facilities for our customers and employees. We conduct monthly safety trainings at all of our properties and an annual safety training at our headquarters. We did not have any fatal injuries in 2022 and we publicly disclose our employee health and safety data in our annual Sustainability Report. 
 Training, Development, Growth, and Recognition 
 We provide robust training and development programs across all levels of Public Storage that are intended to provide our employees with the skills, tools, and knowledge they need to not only grow as individuals but also contribute to the value of the organization through strong engagement. 
 Most new hires join us as property managers without any experience in the self-storage industry. We provide a hands-on new hire training program that provides close coaching and development. All new hires in leadership roles complete property-level training that gives them a hands-on view of our day-to-day operations at our properties to provide our leaders with an understanding of the fundamentals of our business and operations. We also provide numerous career development opportunities for existing employees across Public Storage, including management training programs. Many of our training and career development programs leverage our online learning platform of training courses and reference materials. Public Storage employees completed over 430,000 formal training hours in 2022. In addition to formal training programs, we also offer a variety of one-on-one coaching, job shadowing, and mentoring programs. 
 
 6 

Performance Management and Succession Planning 
 Our performance management processes are designed to be collaborative, where employees and management work together to plan, monitor, and review the employee s objectives and career aspirations and set short- and long-term goals to achieve outcomes. This process is continual, with regular opportunities for management and employees to give and receive feedback. 
 Succession planning is a top priority for management and our Board of Trustees (our Board to ensure business continuity. Leaders at all levels review development opportunities, provide feedback, and facilitate career progression conversations on an ongoing basis to ensure that employees can reach their full potential. Additionally, in 2022, we began development of a new leadership accelerator program for women and diverse employees, which includes individual mentorship and hands-on experiences directed at further enhancing our bench of women and minority leaders and management succession planning. 
 No less than annually, the executive teams meet to review succession bench strength, calibrate talent, and provide recommendations to prepare succession candidates for future leadership roles within the organization. This broad and collaborative approach to talent management works to ensure opportunities are made available to employees to grow outside of their current function and responsibilities. 
 Climate Change and Environmental Stewardship 
 We are committed to managing climate-related risks and opportunities. This commitment is a key component of our recognition that we must operate in a responsible and sustainable manner that aligns with our long-term corporate strategy and promotes our best interests along with those of our stakeholders, including our customers, investors, employees, and the communities in which we do business. 
 Our management Environmental, Social, and Governance Steering Committee (our Sustainability Committee guides our commitment to sustainability and has primary responsibility for climate-related activities. The Sustainability Committee reports to our Board and its Committees, which oversee all of our sustainability initiatives. 
 We consider potential environmental impacts both positive and negative in our decision making across the business. The following features of our properties reflect our commitment to responsible environmental stewardship: 
 - Low environmental impact. Our property portfolio has an inherently light footprint. On average, one to two Public Storage employees operate each property at any given time, and our customers are only occasionally on-site because they do not work or reside there. As a result, our properties consume less energy, emit less carbon, use less water, and produce less waste relative to other real estate types. 
 - Proactive Initiatives. Despite our light environmental footprint, we proactively strive to reduce our impact further through initiatives such as on demand LED lighting, solar power generation, and low-water-use landscaping. These are environmentally friendly initiatives that also generate economic returns on invested capital. Additionally, we have recently partnered with The BRE Group to develop a green building certification program for self-storage facilities in the U.S. through its BREEAM validation and certification system. 
 - Low obsolescence . Our properties have retained functional and physical usefulness over many decades. In fact, many customers favor our single-story, drive-up properties built in the 1970s and 1980s due to their central locations and accessibility. This contrasts with other real estate types that require frequent reinvestment (i.e., capital expenditures) to stay current with consumer preference, remain competitive with newer competition, offset heavier wear-and-tear by users, and maintain structural operating efficiency. 
 - High structural resilience. We build and operate our properties to withstand the test of time, including general aging and acute and chronic risks from rising water levels, changing temperatures, and natural disasters. 
 We measure and monitor our environmental impact and leverage sustainability measures to reduce this impact while achieving cost efficiencies in our operations by implementing a range of energy, water, and waste management initiatives. Many of these initiatives are integrated into our ongoing Property of Tomorrow capital investment program. 
 In regard to climate, we assess risks and opportunities in conjunction with ongoing operating and risk management processes across the company. We give primary consideration to physical, regulatory, legal, market, and 
 7 

reputational risks. Examples of these risks include heat/water stress, natural disasters, pandemics, temperature change, and regulatory compliance. We are addressing potential heat stress risks (e.g., higher energy costs, more frequent power outages, and impacts on our customers and workforce) through initiatives such as converting to LED lighting, solar power generation installation, and analyzing battery storage and microgrids. We are addressing potential water stress risks (e.g., increased costs and decreased availability) through initiatives such as efficient plumbing systems, low-water use irrigation systems, drought tolerant and native landscaping, water run-off controls, and storm water retention. We address the remaining risks primarily through natural disaster resilient development, redevelopment, and capital expenditures. 
 We will continue to utilize our unique competitive advantages in furthering our environmental stewardship efforts and addressing the effects of climate change. Our commitment includes: 
 expanding our greenhouse gas emissions inventory to include Scopes 1, 2, and 3 for the entire portfolio; 
 analyzing opportunities to work with our vendors and suppliers on emissions; 
 enhancing our internal processes and controls in anticipation of forthcoming SEC climate disclosure rules; 
 evaluating the feasibility of instituting well-founded medium and/or long-term greenhouse gas emissions reduction targets or other science-based, climate-focused targets in a manner aligned with the ambitious carbon reduction goals of the Paris Climate Agreement; 
 continuing to enhance our environmental management system to further infuse sustainability across our organization, enhance our program, and bolster the results of our sustainability efforts; 
 continuing to provide regular updates to our stakeholders on our ongoing efforts through our annual Sustainability Report; and 
 continuing publicly to disclose detailed information on our greenhouse gas emissions (consistent with TCFD standards), including through the Carbon Disclosure Project, as well as information on energy and water usage, green energy generation, and similar metrics. 
 Our annual Sustainability Report, which details our commitment to environmental stewardship along with our results, performance and progress, is accessible on our website at www.publicstorage.com. 
 Cybersecurity 
 Public Storage devotes significant resources to protecting and continuing to improve the security of our computer systems, software, networks, and other technology assets. Our security efforts are designed to preserve the confidentiality, integrity, and continued availability of all information owned by, or in the care of, the Company and protect against, among other things, cybersecurity attacks by unauthorized parties attempting to obtain access to confidential information, destroy data, disrupt or degrade service, sabotage systems, or cause other damage. 
 Board Oversight 
 Our Board considers cybersecurity risk one of the most significant risks to our business. The Board has delegated to the Audit Committee oversight of cybersecurity and other information technology risks affecting the Company. The Audit Committee periodically evaluates our cybersecurity strategy to ensure its effectiveness. Management provides quarterly reports to the Audit Committee regarding cybersecurity and other information technology risks, and the Audit Committee in turn provides reports to the full Board. 
 As part of our Board refreshment efforts in recent years, we have focused on adding trustees with information technology skills. Currently, ten members of our Board, including all four members of our Audit Committee, have cybersecurity experience from their principal occupation or other professional experience. In addition, several members of our Audit Committee have attended third-party director education courses on cybersecurity since 2021, including cyber risk governance, and privacy issues and trends. 
 
 8 

Cybersecurity Risk Identification and Management 
 A dedicated team of technology professionals works throughout the year to monitor all matters of risk relating to cybersecurity. Our Chief Technology Officer and our Vice President, Management Information Systems, oversee our information security program and report to our executive management team through our Chief Administrative Officer. Their teams are responsible for leading enterprise-wide cyber resilience strategy, policy, standards, architecture, and processes. 
 We identify and address information security risks by employing a defense-in-depth methodology, consisting of both proactive and reactive elements, that provides multiple, redundant defensive measures and prescribes actions to take in case a security control fails or a vulnerability is exploited. We leverage internal resources, along with strategic external partnerships, to mitigate cybersecurity threats to the Company. We have partnerships for Security Operations Center (SOC) services, penetration testing (PENTEST), incident response (IR), and various third-party assessments. We deploy both commercially available solutions and proprietary systems to manage threats to our information technology environment actively. 
 Our cybersecurity oversight infrastructure is part of our internal control environment and our controls include information security standards. In addition, we are certified against top information security standards, specifically the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS), to ensure we comply with this rigorous standard specifically for the safe handling and protection of credit card data. Annually, we are assessed, either internally or by an independent third-party, against the National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) Cyber Security Framework. We also have policies and procedures to oversee and identify the cybersecurity risks associated with our use of third-party service providers, including the regular review of SOC reports, relevant cyber attestations, and other independent cyber ratings. These processes include technical controls and processes, as well as contractual mechanisms to mitigate risk. Additionally, throughout the year, we utilize reports prepared by our external partners, which provide an independent ranking of our cybersecurity maturity and coverage, to assess our cyber proficiency on an standalone basis and comparatively against peers and other companies. Our cyber proficiency consistently ranks as advanced. We also regularly engage appropriate external resources regarding emerging threats to navigate the diverse cybersecurity landscape. 
 In addition to ensuring adequate safeguards are in place to minimize the chance of a successful cyberattack, the Company has established well-defined response procedures to address any cyber event that may occur despite these robust safeguards. These response procedures are designed to identify, analyze, contain, and remediate such cyber incidents to ensure a timely, consistent, and compliant response to actual or attempted data incidents impacting the Company. Recently, the Company completed two separate Disaster Response and Business Continuity Plan exercises to validate our current readiness, and the Company devotes appropriate resources and enlists partners to adapt to the evolving threat landscape. Each year, the Company tests these response procedures, including through disaster response and business continuity plan exercises, in our continuous effort to adapt to the evolving threat landscape. These exercises are intended to challenge and validate our information security response and resources through simulated cybersecurity incidents, including engagement of outside cybersecurity legal counsel, other third party partners, executive management, and our Board. 
 The Company takes data protection seriously and ensures every employee understands their role in keeping Public Storage safe from cyber-attacks. We employ a robust information security and training program for our employees, including mandatory computer-based training, regular internal communications, and ongoing end-user testing to measure the effectiveness of our information security program. As part of this commitment, we require our employees to complete a Cybersecurity Awareness eCourse and acknowledge our Information Security policy each year. In addition, we have an established schedule and process for regular phishing awareness campaigns that are designed to emulate real-world contemporary threats and provide immediate feedback (and, if necessary, additional training or remedial action) to employees. 
 We have experienced no material information security breaches in the last three years. As such, we have not spent any material amount of capital on addressing information security breaches in the last three years, nor have we incurred any material expenses from penalties and settlements related to a material breach during this same time. 
 We believe we are adequately insured against losses related to a potential information security breach, and we maintain cybersecurity insurance coverage that we believe is appropriate for the size and complexity of our business. 
 
 9 

Seasonality 
 We experience minor seasonal fluctuations in the demand for self-storage space, with demand and rental rates generally higher in the summer months than in the winter months. We believe that these fluctuations result in part from increased moving activity during the summer months. 
 
 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
 In addition to the other information in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, you should consider the risks described below that we believe may be material to investors in evaluating the Company. This section contains forward-looking statements, and in considering these statements, you should refer to the qualifications and limitations on our forward-looking statements that are described in Item 1, Business. 
 Risks Related to Our Properties and Our Business 
 Natural disasters, terrorist attacks, civil unrest, or other events that could damage or otherwise disrupt our ability to operate our facilities could adversely impact our business and financial results. 
 Natural disasters, such as earthquakes, fires, hurricanes, and floods, terrorist attacks, civil unrest, and other events that damage our facilities or our customers' property, or that make our facilities temporarily unavailable, have in the past and may in the future adversely impact our business and financial results. Damage and business interruption losses could exceed the aggregate limits of our insurance coverage. In addition, because we self-insure a portion of our risks, losses below a certain level may not be covered by insurance. See Note 14 to our December 31, 2022 consolidated financial statements for a description of the risks of losses that are not covered by third-party insurance contracts. In addition, customer perceptions about the risk of property loss from these events could negatively impact self-storage demand. 
 We are subject to risks from the consequences of climate change, including severe weather events, as well as the transition to a low-carbon economy and other steps taken to prevent or mitigate climate change. 
 Our self-storage facilities are located in areas that may be subject to the direct impacts of climate change, such as increased destructive weather events like floods, fires, and drought, which could result in significant damage to our facilities, increased capital expenditures, increased expenses, reduced revenues, or reduced demand for our facilities. Indirect impacts of climate change could also adversely impact our business, including through increased costs, such as insurance costs or regulatory compliance costs. In addition, the ongoing transition to a low-carbon economy presents certain risks for us and our customers, including stranded assets, increased costs, lower profitability, lower property values, lower household wealth, and macroeconomic risks related to high energy costs and energy shortages, among other things. Consistent with our commitment to sustainability in our business operations, we have undertaken a number of initiatives to reduce emissions and energy consumption, water usage, and waste, including through our Property of Tomorrow program, pursuant to which we are upgrading all of our older properties by the end of 2025, which has already resulted in investment of approximately 370 million in improvements through December 31, 2022. In addition, we have made investments in LED lighting and the installation of solar panels of approximately 100 million since 2021 through December 31, 2022. Governmental, political, and societal pressures, including expectations of institutional and activist investors and other interest groups, could require us to accelerate our initiatives and, with it, the costs of their implementation. These same potential governmental, political, and social pressure could in the future result in (i) costly changes to newly developed facilities or retrofits of our existing facilities to reduce carbon emissions through multiple avenues, including changes to insulation, space configuration, lighting, heating, and air conditioning, (ii) increased energy costs as a result of transitioning to less carbon-intensive, but more expensive, sources of energy to operate our facilities, and (iii) consumers reducing their individual carbon footprints by owning fewer durable material consumer goods, collectibles, and other such items requiring storage, resulting in a reduced demand for our self-storage space. In addition, our reputation and investor relationships could be damaged as a result of our involvement with activities perceived to be causing or exacerbating climate change, as well as any decisions we make to continue to conduct or change our activities in response to considerations relating to climate change. 
 Operating costs, including property taxes, could increase. 
 We could be subject to increases in property or other taxes, repair and maintenance costs, payroll, utility costs, insurance premiums, workers compensation, and other operating expenses due to various factors such as inflation, labor shortages, commodity and energy price increases, weather, increases to minimum wage rates, supply chain disruptions, and 
 10 

changes to governmental safety and real estate use limitations and other governmental actions. Our property tax expense, which totaled approximately 386.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, generally depends upon the assessed value of our real estate facilities as determined by assessors and government agencies and, accordingly, could be subject to substantial increases if such agencies change their valuation approaches or opinions or if new laws are enacted, especially if new approaches are adopted or laws are enacted that result in increased property tax assessments in states or geographies where we have a high concentration of facilities. See also We have exposure to increased property tax in California below. 
 The acquisition of existing properties or self-storage operating companies is subject to risks that may adversely affect our growth and financial results. 
 We have acquired self-storage facilities and self-storage operating companies in the past, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. We face significant competition for suitable acquisition properties and companies from other real estate investors, including operating companies and private equity funds. As a result, we may be unable to acquire the companies or additional properties we desire or the purchase price for desirable companies or properties may be significantly increased. Failures or unexpected circumstances in integrating facilities or companies that we acquire, or circumstances we did not detect or anticipate during due diligence, such as environmental matters, needed repairs or deferred maintenance, customer collection issues, assumed liabilities, turnover of critical personnel involved in acquired operating companies, or the effects of increased property tax following reassessment of a newly-acquired property, as well as the general risks of real estate investment and mergers and acquisitions, could jeopardize realization of the anticipated earnings from an acquisition. 
 On February 5, 2023, we disclosed that we have made a proposal to acquire all of the outstanding shares and units of Life Storage for consideration consisting of our common shares. Our public offer followed prior rebuffs by Life Storage of our attempts to negotiate privately, and on February 16, 2023, Life Storage announced it had rejected the offer. While we currently intend to engage in discussions with Life Storage, there can be no assurance that Life Storage will engage with us regarding our proposal or that we and Life Storage will agree to an acquisition transaction. Additionally, Life Storage can avail itself of various takeover defenses, including the ability unilaterally to classify its board of trustees under the Maryland Unsolicited Takeover Act (MUTA). Even if we reach an agreement with Life Storage, there can be no assurance that the conditions to closing such transaction would be satisfied in a timely manner or at all. Further, if a transaction is consummated, there can be no assurance that we will realize the benefits we hope to achieve through the transaction, and the complexities of combining the two companies may result in unknown liabilities and unforeseen increased expenses. If a transaction is not consummated, we nevertheless may incur significant costs associated with our pursuit of the transaction. 
 Our development program subjects us to risks. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had a pipeline of development projects totaling 979.6 million (subject to contingencies), and we expect to continue to seek additional development projects. There are significant risks involved in developing self-storage facilities, such as delays or cost increases due to changes in or failure to meet government or regulatory requirements, failure of revenue to meet our underwriting estimates, delays caused by weather issues, unforeseen site conditions, or personnel problems. Self-storage space is generally not pre-leased, and rent-up of newly developed space can be delayed or ongoing cash flow yields can be reduced due to competition, reductions in storage demand, or other factors. 
 There is significant competition among self-storage operators and from other storage alternatives. 
 Our self-storage facilities generate most of our revenue and earnings. Significant competition from self-storage operators, property developers, and other storage alternatives may adversely impact our ability to attract and retain customers and may negatively impact our ability to generate revenue. Competition in the local market areas in which many of our properties are located is significant and affects our occupancy levels, rental rates, and operating expenses. There is also an increasing influx of capital from outside financing sources driving more money, development, and supply into the industry. Development of self-storage facilities may increase, which may intensify competition as newly developed facilities are opened. Development of self-storage facilities by other operators could increase, due to increases in availability of funds for investment or other reasons, and further intensify competition. 
 
 11 

Demand for self-storage facilities may be affected by customer perceptions and factors outside of our control. 
 Significantly lower logistics costs could introduce new competitors, such as valet-style storage services, which may reduce the demand for traditional self-storage. Customer preferences and/or needs for self-storage could change, decline, or shift to other product types, thereby impacting our business model and ability to grow and/or generate revenues. Shifts in population and demographics could cause the geographical distribution of our portfolio to be suboptimal and affect our ability to maintain occupancy and attract new customers. Security incidents could result in the perception that our properties are not safe. If our customers do not feel our properties are safe, they may select competitors for their self-storage needs, or if there is an industry perception of inadequate security generally, customer use of self-storage could be negatively impacted. 
 Our newly developed and expanded facilities, and facilities that we manage for third party owners, may negatively impact the revenues of our existing facilities. 
 We continue to develop new self-storage facilities and expand our existing self-storage facilities. In addition, we are seeking to increase the number of self-storage facilities that we manage for third party owners in exchange for a fee, many of which are in the process of stabilization and are near our existing stabilized self-storage facilities. In order to hasten the fill-up of these new facilities, we aggressively price such space during the fill-up period. While we believe that this aggressive pricing allows us to increase our market share relative to our competitors and increase the cash flows of these properties, such pricing and the added capacity may also negatively impact our existing stabilized self-storage facilities that are near these unstabilized facilities. 
 Many of our existing self-storage facilities may be at a competitive disadvantage to newly developed facilities. 
 There is a significant level of development of new self-storage facilities, by us and other operators. These newly developed facilities are generally of high quality, with a more fresh and vibrant appearance, more amenities (such as climate control), more attractive office configurations, newer elements, and a more attractive retail presence as compared to many of our existing stabilized self-storage facilities, some of which were built as much as 50 years ago. Such qualitative differentials may negatively impact our ability to compete with these facilities for new tenants and our existing tenants may move to newly developed facilities. 
 We may incur significant liabilities from environmental contamination or moisture infiltration. 
 Existing or future laws impose or may impose liability on us to clean up environmental contamination on or around properties that we currently or previously owned or operated, even if we were not responsible for or aware of the environmental contamination or even if such environmental contamination occurred prior to our involvement with the property. We have conducted preliminary environmental assessments on most of our properties, which have not identified any material liabilities. These assessments, commonly referred to as Phase 1 Environmental Assessments, include an investigation (excluding soil or groundwater sampling or analysis) and a review of publicly available information regarding the site and other nearby properties. 
 We are also subject to potential liability relating to moisture infiltration, which can result in mold or other damage to our or our customers property, as well as potential health concerns. When we receive a complaint or otherwise become aware that an air quality concern exists, we implement corrective measures and seek to work proactively with our customers to resolve issues, subject to our contractual limitations on liability for such claims. 
 We are not aware of any environmental contamination or moisture infiltration related liabilities at any of our properties that could be material to our overall business, financial condition, or results of operation. However, we may not have detected all material liabilities, we could acquire properties with material undetected liabilities, or new conditions could arise or develop at our properties, any of which could result in a cash settlement or adversely affect our ability to sell, lease, operate, or encumber affected facilities. 
 Economic conditions can adversely affect our business, financial condition, growth, and access to capital. 
 Economic downturns or adverse economic or industry conditions, including those related to high levels of inflation, could adversely impact our financial results, growth, and access to capital. Our revenues and operating cash flow can be negatively impacted by reductions in employment and population levels, household and disposable income, and 
 12 

other general economic factors that lead to a reduction in demand for self-storage space in each of the markets in which we operate. 
 Our ability to raise capital on attractive terms to fund our activities may be adversely affected by challenging market conditions, including high interest rates resulting from government efforts to manage inflation. In periods when the capital and credit markets experience significant volatility, the amounts, sources, and cost of capital available to us may be adversely affected. If we were unable to raise capital at reasonable rates, prospective earnings growth through expanding our asset base could be limited. 
 We have exposure to European operations through our ownership in Shurgard. 
 We own approximately 35 of the common shares of Shurgard, and this investment has a 275.8 million book value and a 1.4 billion market value (based upon the closing trading price of Shurgard s common stock) at December 31, 2022. We recognized 26.4 million in equity in earnings and received 37.8 million in dividends in 2022 with respect to Shurgard. 
 Shurgard, as an owner, operator, and developer of self-storage facilities, is subject to many of the same risks we are with respect to self-storage. However, through our investment in Shurgard, we are exposed to additional risks unique to the various European markets in which Shurgard operates, which may adversely impact our business and financial results, and many of which are referred to in Shurgard s public filings. These risks include the following: 
 Currency risks: Currency fluctuations can impact the fair value of our investment in Shurgard, our equity earnings, our ongoing dividends, and any other related repatriations of cash. 
 Legislative, tax, and regulatory risks: Shurgard is subject to a variety of local, national, and pan-European laws and regulations related to permitting and land use, the environment, labor, and other areas, as well as income, property, sales, and value added and employment tax. These laws and regulations can be difficult to apply or interpret, can vary in each country or locality, and are subject to unexpected changes in their form and application due to regional, national, or local political uncertainty and other factors. Such changes, or Shurgard s failure to comply with these laws, could subject it to penalties or other sanctions, adverse changes in business processes, and, potentially, adverse income tax, property tax, or other tax burdens. 
 Impediments to capital repatriation could negatively impact the realization of our investment in Shurgard: Laws in Europe and the U.S. may create, impede, or increase our cost to repatriate distributions received from Shurgard or proceeds from the sale of Shurgard shares. 
 Risks of collective bargaining: Collective bargaining, which is prevalent in certain areas in Europe, could negatively impact Shurgard s labor costs or operations. Many of Shurgard s employees participate in various national unions. 
 Potential operating and individual country risks: Economic slowdowns or extraordinary political or social change in the countries in which it operates have posed, and could continue to pose, challenges or result in future reductions of Shurgard s operating cash flows. 
 Liquidity of our ownership stake: We have no plans to liquidate our interest in Shurgard. However, while Shurgard is a publicly held entity, if we chose to, our ability to liquidate our shares in Shurgard in an efficient manner could be limited by the level of Shurgard s public float relative to any ownership stake we sought to sell. Our existing relationship with our legacy joint venture partner may place further contractual limitations on our ability to sell all of the shares we own if we desired to do so. 
 Impediments of Shurgard s public ownership structure: Shurgard s strategic decisions, involving activities such as borrowing money, capital contributions, raising capital from third parties, and selling or acquiring significant assets, are determined by its board of directors. As a result, Shurgard may be precluded from taking advantage of opportunities that we would find attractive but that we may not be able to pursue separately, or it could take actions that we do not agree with. 
 
 13 

Public health and other crises, such as the COVID-19 Pandemic, have adversely impacted, and may in the future adversely impact, our business. 
 Our business is subject to risks from public health and other crises like the COVID-19 Pandemic, including, among others: 
 risk of illness or death of our employees or customers; 
 negative impacts on economic conditions in our markets, which may reduce the demand for self-storage; 
 risk that there could be an out-migration of population from certain high-cost major markets; 
 government restrictions that (i) limit or prevent use of our facilities, (ii) limit our ability to increase rent or otherwise limit the rent we can charge, (iii) limit our ability to collect rent or evict delinquent tenants, or (iv) limit our ability to complete development and redevelopment projects; 
 risk that we could experience a change in the move-out patterns of our long-term customers due to economic uncertainty and increases in unemployment, which could lead to lower occupancies and rent roll down as long-term customers are replaced with new customers at lower rates; and 
 risk of negative impacts on the cost and availability of debt and equity capital, which could have a material impact upon our capital and growth plans. 
 We have been and may in the future be adversely impacted by emergency regulations adopted in response to significant events, such as natural disasters or public health crises, that could adversely impact our operations. 
 In response to significant events, local, state, and federal governments have and may in the future adopt regulations that could impact our operations. For example, in response to wildfires in 2018 and 2019 and floods in 2023, the State of California and some localities in California adopted temporary regulations that imposed certain limits on the rents we could charge at certain of our facilities and the extent to which we could increase rents to existing tenants. Similarly, in response to the COVID-19 Pandemic, certain localities adopted restrictions on the use of certain of our facilities, limited our ability to increase rents, limited our ability to collect rent or evict delinquent tenants, and limited our ability to complete development and redevelopment projects. Similar restrictions could be imposed in the future in response to significant events and these restrictions could adversely impact our operations. 
 Our marketing and pricing strategies may fail to be effective or may be constrained by factors outside of our control. 
 Marketing initiatives, including our increasing dependence on Google to source customers, may fail to be effective and could negatively impact financial performance. Approximately 65 of our new storage customers in 2022 were sourced directly or indirectly through unpaid search and paid search campaigns on Google. We believe that the vast majority of customers searching for self-storage use Google at some stage in their shopping experience. Google is providing tools to allow smaller and less sophisticated operators to bid for search terms, increasing competition for self-storage search terms. The predominance of Google in the shopping experience, as well as Google s enabling of additional competitors to bid for placements in self-storage search terms, may reduce the number of new customers that we can procure, and/or increase our costs to obtain new customers. 
 In addition, the inability to utilize our pricing methodology due to regulatory or market constraints could also significantly impact our financial results. 
 We are exposed to ongoing litigation and other legal and regulatory actions, which may divert management s time and attention, require us to pay damages and expenses or restrict the operation of our business. 
 We have approximately 5,900 employees and 1.8 million customers, and we conduct business at facilities in 40 states. As a result, we are subject to the risk of legal claims and proceedings (including class actions) and regulatory enforcement actions across many jurisdictions in the ordinary course of our business and otherwise, and we could incur significant liabilities and substantial legal fees as a result of these actions. Resolution of these claims and actions may divert time and attention by our management and could involve payment of damages or expenses by us, all of which may 
 14 

be significant, and could damage our reputation and our brand. In addition, any such resolution could involve our agreement to terms that restrict the operation of our business. The results of legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. We cannot guarantee that losses incurred in connection with any current or future legal or regulatory proceedings or actions will not exceed any provisions we may have set aside in respect of such proceedings or actions or any available insurance coverage. Any such legal claims, proceedings, and regulatory enforcement actions could negatively impact our operating results, cash flow available for distribution or reinvestment, and/or the price of our common shares. 
 In addition, through exercising their authority to regulate our activities, governmental agencies can otherwise negatively impact our business by increasing costs or decreasing revenues. 
 Our failure to modernize and adopt advancements in information technology may hinder or prevent us from achieving strategic objectives. 
 Our inability to adapt and deliver new capabilities in time with strategic requirements may cause the organization to miss market competitive timing, first mover position, or to suffer material loss due to failed technology choices or implementation. 
 The failure or disruption of our computer and communications systems, on which we are heavily dependent, could significantly harm our business. 
 We are heavily dependent upon automated information technology and Internet commerce, with more than half of our new customers coming from the telephone or over the Internet. We centrally manage significant components of our operations with our computer systems, including our financial information, and we also rely extensively on third-party vendors to retain data, process transactions, and provide other systems services. These systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, hackers, including through a ransomware attack, computer worms, viruses, and other destructive or disruptive security breaches, and catastrophic events. Such incidents could also result in significant costs to repair or replace such networks or information systems, as well as actual monetary losses in case of a breach that resulted in fraudulent payments or other cash transactions. As a result, our operations could be severely impacted by a natural disaster, terrorist attack, attack by hackers, acts of vandalism, data theft, misplaced or lost data, programming or human error, or other circumstance that results in a significant outage of our systems or those of our third party providers, despite our use of back up and redundancy measures. 
 If our confidential information is compromised or corrupted, including as a result of a cybersecurity breach, our reputation and business relationships could be damaged, which could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 
 In the ordinary course of our business we acquire and store sensitive data, including personally identifiable information of our prospective and current customers and our employees. The secure processing and maintenance of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy. Although we believe we have taken commercially reasonable steps to protect the security of our confidential information, information security risks have generally increased in recent years due to the rise in new technologies and the increased sophistication and activities of perpetrators of cyberattacks. Despite our security measures, we have experienced security breaches due to cyberattacks and additional breaches could occur in the future. In these cases, our information technology and infrastructure could be vulnerable and our or our customers or employees confidential information could be compromised or misappropriated. Any such breach could result in serious and harmful consequences for us or our tenants. 
 Our confidential information may also be compromised due to programming or human error or malfeasance. We must continually evaluate and adapt our systems and processes to address the evolving threat landscape, and therefore there is no guarantee that they will be adequate to safeguard against all data security breaches or misuses of data. In addition, as the regulatory environment related to information security, data collection and use, and privacy becomes increasingly rigorous, with new and changing requirements applicable to our business from multiple regulatory agencies at the local, state, federal, or international level, compliance with those requirement could also result in additional costs, or we could fail to comply with those requirements due to various reasons such as not being aware of them. 
 Any such access, disclosure, or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, regulatory penalties, disruption to our operations and the services we provide to customers, or damage our reputation, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations, reputation, and competitive position. In addition, our customers could lose confidence in our ability to protect their 
 15 

personal information, which could cause them to discontinue leasing our self-storage facilities. Such events could lead to lost future revenues and adversely affect our results of operations, or result in remedial and other costs, fines, or lawsuits, which could be in excess of any available insurance that we have procured. 
 Ineffective succession planning for our CEO and executive management, as well as for our other key employees, may impact the execution of our strategic plan. 
 We may not effectively or appropriately identify ready-now succession candidates for our CEO and executive management team, which may negatively impact our ability to meet key strategic goals. Failure to implement succession plans for other key employees may leave us vulnerable to retirements and turnover. 
 We may fail to protect our intellectual property adequately. 
 We maintain a portfolio of trademarks and trade dress that we believe are fundamental to the success of the Public Storage brand. While we actively seek to enforce and expand our rights, our trademark and trade dress could be deemed generic and indistinct and lose protection. We also own and seek to protect other intellectual property, such as propriety systems, processes, data, and other trade secrets that we have collected and developed in the course of operating our business and that we believe provides us with various competitive advantages. Our protections could be inadequate or we could lose rights to our other intellectual property and trade secrets. Competitor use of our trademarks and trade names could lead to likelihood of confusion, tarnishment of our brand, and loss of legal protection for our marks. 
 Risks Related to Our Ownership, Organization and Structure 
 Takeover attempts or changes in control could be thwarted, even if beneficial to shareholders. 
 In certain circumstances, shareholders might desire a change in control or acquisition of us in order to realize a premium over the then-prevailing market price of our shares or for other reasons. However, the following could prevent, deter, or delay such a transaction: 
 Provisions of Maryland law may impose limitations that may make it more difficult for a third party to negotiate or effect a business combination transaction or control share acquisition with Public Storage. Currently, our Board has opted not to subject the Company to these provisions of Maryland law, but it could choose to do so in the future without shareholder approval. 
 To protect against the loss of our REIT status due to concentration of ownership levels, our declaration of trust generally limits the ability of a person, other than the Hughes family or designated investment entities (each as defined in our declaration of trust), to own, actually or constructively, more than 3 of our outstanding common shares or 9.9 of the outstanding shares of any class or series of preferred or equity shares. Our Board may grant, and has previously granted, a specific exemption. These limits could discourage, delay, or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of the Company not approved by our Board. 
 Similarly, current provisions of our declaration of trust and powers of our Board could have the same effect, including (1) limitations on removal of trustees, (2) restrictions on the acquisition of our shares of beneficial interest, (3) the power to issue additional common shares, preferred shares, or equity shares on terms approved by our Board without obtaining shareholder approval, (4) the advance notice provisions of our bylaws, and (5) our Board s ability under Maryland law, without obtaining shareholder approval, to implement takeover defenses that we may not yet have and to take, or refrain from taking, other actions that could have the effect of delaying, deterring, or preventing a transaction or a change in control. 
 Holders of our preferred shares have dividend, liquidation, and other rights that are senior to the rights of the holders of our common shares. 
 Holders of our preferred shares are entitled to cumulative dividends before any dividends may be declared or set aside on our common shares. Upon liquidation, holders of our preferred shares will receive a liquidation preference of 25,000 per share (or 25.00 per depositary share) plus any accrued and unpaid distributions before any payment is made to the common shareholders. These preferences may limit the amount received by our common shareholders either from ongoing distributions or upon liquidation. In addition, our preferred shareholders have the right to elect two additional 
 16 

directors to our Board whenever dividends are in arrears in an aggregate amount equivalent to six or more quarterly dividends, whether or not consecutive. 
 Preferred Shareholders are subject to certain risks. 
 Holders of our preferred shares have preference rights over our common shareholders with respect to liquidation and distributions, which give them some assurance of continued payment of their stated dividend rate, and receipt of their principal upon liquidation of the Company or redemption of their securities. However, holders of our Preferred Shares should consider the following risks: 
 The Company has in the past, and could in the future, issue or assume additional debt. Preferred shareholders would be subordinated to the interest and principal payments of such debt, which would increase the risk that there would not be sufficient funds to pay distributions or liquidation amounts to the preferred shareholders. 
 The Company has in the past, and could in the future, issue additional preferred shares that, while pari passu to the existing preferred shares, increases the risk that there would not be sufficient funds to pay distributions to the preferred shareholders. 
 
 While the Company has no plans to do so, if the Company were to lose its REIT status or no longer elect REIT status, it would no longer be required to distribute its taxable income to maintain REIT status. If, in such a circumstance, the Company ceased paying dividends, unpaid distributions to the preferred shareholders would continue to accumulate. The preferred shareholders would have the ability to elect two additional members to serve on our Board until the arrearage was cured. The preferred shareholders would not receive any compensation (such as interest) for the delay in the receipt of distributions, and it is possible that the arrearage could accumulate indefinitely. 
 Holders of our Preferred Shares have limited rights in the event the Company ceases to pay dividends to shareholders, and have no rights with respect to a Company decision to discontinue listing the Preferred Shares on a national securities exchange or file reports with the SEC, including following a change of control transaction. 
 Risks Related to Government Regulations and Taxation 
 We would incur adverse tax consequences if we failed to qualify as a REIT, and we would have to pay substantial U.S. federal corporate income taxes. 
 REITs are subject to a range of complex organizational and operational requirements. A qualifying REIT does not generally incur U.S. federal corporate income tax on its REIT taxable income (generally, taxable income subject to specified adjustments, including a deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gain) that it distributes to its shareholders. Our REIT status is also dependent upon the REIT qualification of PSB through the end of its taxable year ended December 31, 2022, as a result of our substantial ownership interest in it prior to the closing of the PSB merger with and unaffiliated third party. We believe we have qualified as a REIT and we intend to continue to maintain our REIT status. 
 However, there can be no assurance that we qualify or will continue to qualify as a REIT, because of the highly technical nature of the REIT rules, the ongoing importance of factual determinations, the possibility of unidentified issues in prior periods, or changes in our circumstances, as well as share ownership limits in our declaration of trust that do not necessarily ensure that our shareholder base is sufficiently diverse for us to qualify as a REIT. For any year we fail to qualify as a REIT, unless certain relief provisions apply (the granting of such relief could nonetheless result in significant excise or penalty taxes), we would not be allowed a deduction for dividends paid, we would be subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax on our taxable income, and generally we would not be allowed to elect REIT status until the fifth year after such a disqualification. In addition, for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022, we would possibly also be subject to certain taxes enacted by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 that are applicable to non-REIT corporations, including the corporate alternative minimum tax and nondeductible one percent excise tax on certain stock repurchases. Any taxes, interest, and penalties incurred would reduce our cash available for distributions to shareholders and could negatively affect our stock price. However, for years in which we failed to qualify as a REIT, we would not be subject to REIT rules that require us to distribute substantially all of our taxable income to our shareholders. 
 17 

Dividends payable by REITs do not qualify for the preferential tax rates available for some dividends. 
 Dividends payable by REITs may be taxed at higher rates than dividends of non-REIT corporations. The maximum U.S. federal income tax rate for qualified dividends paid by domestic non-REIT corporations to U.S. stockholders that are individuals, trusts, or estates is generally 20 . Dividends paid by REITs to such stockholders are generally not eligible for that rate, but under current tax law, such stockholders may deduct up to 20 of ordinary dividends (i.e., dividends not designated as capital gain dividends or qualified dividend income) received from a REIT for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2026. Although this deduction reduces the effective tax rate applicable to certain dividends paid by REITs, such tax rate may still be higher than the tax rate applicable to regular corporate qualified dividends. This may cause investors to view REIT investments as less attractive than investments in non-REIT corporations, which in turn may adversely affect the value of the stock of REITs, including our stock. 
 Changes in tax laws could negatively impact us. 
 The United States Treasury Department and Congress frequently review federal income tax legislation, regulations and other guidance. We cannot predict whether, when, or to what extent new federal tax laws, regulations, interpretations or rulings will be adopted, but these changes might include, in particular, increases in the U.S. federal income tax rates that apply to us or our shareholders in certain circumstances, possibly with retroactive effect. 
 We may pay some taxes, reducing cash available for shareholders. 
 Even if we qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal corporate income tax purposes, we may be subject to some federal, foreign, state, and local taxes on our income and property. Certain consolidated corporate subsidiaries of the Company have elected to be treated as taxable REIT subsidiaries TRSs for U.S. federal corporate income tax purposes, and are taxable as regular corporations and subject to certain limitations on intercompany transactions. If tax authorities determine that amounts paid by our TRSs to us are not reasonable compared to similar arrangements among unrelated parties, we could be subject to a 100 penalty tax on the excess payments, and ongoing intercompany arrangements could have to change, resulting in higher ongoing tax payments. To the extent the Company is required to pay federal, foreign, state, or local taxes, or federal penalty taxes due to existing laws or changes thereto, we will have less cash available for distribution to shareholders. 
 In addition, certain local and state governments have imposed taxes on self-storage rent. While in most cases those taxes are paid by our customers, they increase the cost of self-storage rental to our customers and can negatively impact our revenues. Other local and state governments may impose self-storage rent taxes in the future. 
 We have exposure to increased property tax in California. 
 Approximately 767.2 million of our 2022 net operating income is from our properties in California, and we incurred approximately 47.2 million in related property tax expense. Due to the impact of Proposition 13, which generally limits increases in assessed values to 2 per year, the assessed value and resulting property tax we pay is less than it would be if the properties were assessed at current values. From time to time, proposals have been made to reduce the beneficial impact of Proposition 13, most recently in the November 2020 ballot. While this ballot initiative failed, there can be no assurance that future initiatives or other legislative actions will not eliminate or reduce the benefit of Proposition 13 with respect to our properties. If the beneficial effect of Proposition 13 were ended for our properties, our property tax expense could increase substantially, adversely affecting our cash flow from operations and net income. 
 We are subject to new and changing legislation and regulations, including the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA). 
 We are subject to new and changing legislation and regulations, including the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 and legislation regarding property taxes, income taxes, REIT status, labor and employment, privacy, and lien sales at the city, county, state, and federal level, which could materially impact our business and operations. Failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations, and policies may subject us to increased litigation and regulatory actions and negatively affect our business and operations or reputation. 
 On November 3, 2020, Californians passed a ballot measure that creates the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ). The CPRA amends and expands the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), which went into effect on January 1, 2020. The CPRA, which went into effect on January 1, 2023, provides new rights and amends existing rights 
 18 

found in the CCPA. It also creates a new privacy enforcement authority, the California Privacy Protection Agency CalPPA ). The CPRA grants the Attorney General and the CalPPA the authority to issue regulations on a wide range of topics. It therefore remains unclear what, if any, modifications will be made to the CPRA or how it will be interpreted. While we believe we have developed processes to comply with current privacy requirements, a regulatory agency may not agree with certain of our implementation decisions, which could subject us to litigation, regulatory actions, or changes to our business practices that could increase costs or reduce revenues. Other states have also enacted or are considering enacting privacy laws similar to those passed in California. Similar laws may be implemented in other jurisdictions in which we do business and in ways that may be more restrictive than those in California, increasing the cost of compliance, as well as the risk of noncompliance, on our business. 
 Our tenant reinsurance business is subject to governmental regulation, which could reduce our profitability or limit our growth. 
 We hold Limited Lines Self-Service Storage Insurance Agent licenses from a number of individual state departments of insurance and are subject to state governmental regulation and supervision. Our continued ability to maintain these Limited Lines Self-Service Storage Insurance Agent licenses in the jurisdictions in which we are licensed depends on our compliance with related rules and regulations. The regulatory authorities in each jurisdiction generally have broad discretion to grant, renew, and revoke licenses and approvals, to promulgate, interpret, and implement regulations, and to evaluate compliance with regulations through periodic examinations, audits, and investigations of the affairs of insurance agents. As a result of regulatory or private action in any jurisdiction, we may be temporarily or permanently suspended from continuing some or all of our reinsurance activities , or otherwise fined, penalized, or subject to an adverse judgment, which could reduce our net income. 
 
 ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 19 

ITEM 2 . Properties 
 At December 31, 2022, we had controlling ownership interests in 2,869 self-storage facilities located in 40 states within the U.S.: 
 At December 31, 2022 
 Number of Storage Facilities Net Rentable Square Feet (in thousands) California Southern 258 19,159 Northern 182 11,592 Texas 414 35,191 Florida 338 23,499 Illinois 133 8,645 Georgia 122 8,267 North Carolina 107 7,848 Virginia 118 7,781 Maryland 105 7,678 Washington 104 7,300 Colorado 86 6,414 Minnesota 65 5,206 New York 69 4,809 South Carolina 72 4,312 New Jersey 60 4,098 Ohio 60 3,987 Arizona 56 3,939 Michigan 51 3,740 Indiana 46 3,016 Missouri 43 2,845 Oklahoma 36 2,692 Tennessee 42 2,625 Oregon 44 2,566 Pennsylvania 35 2,501 Nevada 32 2,210 Massachusetts 28 1,976 Kansas 24 1,462 Other states (14 states) 139 8,859 Total (a) 2,869 204,217 
 (a) See Schedule III: Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation in our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, for a summary of land, building, accumulated depreciation, square footage, and number of properties by market. 
 At December 31, 2022, five of our facilities with a net book value of 17 million were encumbered by an aggregate of 10 million in mortgage notes payable. 
 The configuration of self-storage facilities has evolved over time. The oldest facilities are comprised generally of multiple single-story buildings, and have on average approximately 500 primarily drive up spaces per facility, and a small rental office. The most prevalent recently constructed facilities have higher density footprints with large, multi-story buildings with climate control and 1,000 or more self-storage spaces, a more imposing and visible retail presence, and a 
 20 

prominent and large rental office designed to appeal to customers as an attractive and retail-focused store. Our self-storage portfolio includes facilities with characteristics of the oldest facilities, characteristics of the most recently constructed facilities, and those with characteristics of both older and recently constructed facilities. Most spaces have between 25 and 400 square feet and an interior height of approximately eight to 12 feet. 
 
 ITEM 3 . Legal Proceedings 
 For a description of the Company s legal proceedings, see Note 14. Commitments and Contingencies to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 4 . Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 21 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Our common shares of beneficial interest (NYSE: PSA) have been listed on the NYSE since October 19, 1984. As of February 16, 2023, there were approximately 10,071 holders of record of our common shares. 
 Our Board has authorized management to repurchase up to 35,000,000 of our common shares on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. From the inception of the repurchase program through February 21, 2023, we have repurchased a total of 23,721,916 common shares (all purchased prior to 2010) at an aggregate cost of approximately 679.1 million. Our common share repurchase program does not have an expiration date and there are 11,278,084 common shares that may yet be repurchased under our repurchase program as of December 31, 2022. We have no current plans to repurchase shares; however, future levels of common share repurchases will be dependent upon our available capital, investment alternatives, and the trading price of our common shares. 
 Refer to Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters for information about our equity compensation plans. 
 
 ITEM 6. [Reserved] 
 
 ITEM 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates: 
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP requires us to make judgments, assumptions, and estimates that affect the amounts reported. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions are based on current facts, historical experience, and various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances to determine reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. 
 We believe the following are our critical accounting estimates, because they are reasonably likely to have a material impact on the portrayal of our financial condition and results, and they require us to make judgments and estimates about matters that involve a significant level of uncertainty. 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets: The analysis of impairment of our long-lived assets, including our real estate facilities, involves identification of indicators of impairment, including unfavorable operational results and significant cost overruns on construction, projections of future operating cash flows, and estimates of fair values, all of which require significant judgment and subjectivity. In particular, these estimates are sensitive to significant assumptions, such as the projections of future rental rates, stabilized occupancy level, future profit margin, discount rates, and capitalization rates, all of which could be affected by our expectations about future market or economic conditions. Others could come to materially different conclusions. 
 Allocating Purchase Price for Acquired Real Estate Facilities : We estimate the fair values of the assets and liabilities of acquired real estate facilities, which consist principally of land and buildings, for purposes of allocating the aggregate purchase price of acquired real estate facilities. We estimate the fair value of land based upon price per square foot derived from observable transactions involving comparable land in similar locations as adjusted for location quality, parcel size, and date of sale associated with the acquired facilities. The fair value estimate of land is sensitive to the adjustments made to the land market transactions used in the estimate, particularly when there is a lack of recent comparable land market data. For large portfolio acquisitions, we estimate the fair value of buildings primarily using the income approach by estimating the fair value of hypothetical vacant acquired facilities and adjusting for the estimated fair value of land. For individual and small portfolio acquisitions, we estimate the fair value of buildings primarily based upon the estimated current replacement cost, which we calculate by estimating the replacement cost of new purpose-built self-storage facilities in similar geographic regions and adjusting for age, quality, amenities, and configuration associated with 
 22 

the buildings acquired. The fair value estimate of buildings is sensitive to assumptions used in both the income approach, such as lease-up period, future stabilized operating cash flows, capitalization rate and discount rate, and in the replacement cost approach, such as current cost adjustment, soft cost and developer profit estimates. Others could come to materially different conclusions as to the estimated fair values of land and buildings, which would result in different depreciation and amortization expense, gains and losses on sale of real estate assets, as well as the level of land and buildings on our consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 Overview 
 Our self-storage operations generate most of our net income, and our earnings growth is impacted by the levels of growth within our Same Store Facilities (as defined below) as well as within our Acquired Facilities and Newly Developed and Expanded Facilities (both as defined below). Accordingly, a significant portion of management s time is devoted to maximizing cash flows from our existing self-storage facility portfolio. 
 
 During 2022, revenues generated by our Same Store Facilities increased by 14.8 409.9 million), as compared to 2021, while Same Store cost of operations increased by 5.7 39.9 million). Demand and operating trends softened in the second half of 2022 and returned to historical seasonal patterns as compared to what we experienced in 2020 and 2021. We expect the trends to continue in 2023. 
 
 In addition to managing our existing facilities for organic growth, we have grown and plan to continue to grow through the acquisition and development of new facilities and expansion of our existing self-storage facilities. Since the beginning of 2020, we acquired a total of 368 facilities with 31.7 million net rentable square feet for 6.6 billion. In our non-same store portfolio, we also have developed and expanded self-storage facilities of 17.7 million net rentable square feet for a total cost of 1.6 billion. During 2022, net operating income generated by our Acquired Facilities and Newly Developed and Expanded Facilities increased 98.2 226.3 million), as compared to 2021. 
 
 We have experienced recent inflationary impacts on our cost of operations, including labor, utilities, and repairs and maintenance, and costs of development and expansion activities, and we may continue to experience such impacts in the future. We have implemented various initiatives to manage the adverse impacts, such as enhancements in operational processes and investments in technology to reduce payroll hours, achievement of economies of scale from recent acquisitions with supervisory payroll allocated over a broader number of self-storage facilities, and investments in solar power and LED lights to lower utility usage. 
 
 In order to enhance the competitive position of certain of our facilities relative to local competitors (including newly developed facilities), we have embarked on our multi-year Property of Tomorrow program to (i) rebrand our properties with more pronounced, attractive, and clearly identifiable color schemes and signage, (ii) enhance the energy efficiency of our properties, and (iii) upgrade the configuration and layout of the offices and other customer zones to improve the customer experience. We expect to complete the program by the end of 2025. We spent approximately 189 million on the program in 2022 and expect to spend approximately 160 million in 2023 on this effort. 
 
 On April 24, 2022, PSB entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger whereby affiliates of Blackstone Real Estate Blackstone agreed to acquire all outstanding shares of PSB s common stock for 187.50 per share in cash. On July 20, 2022, PSB announced that it completed the merger transaction with Blackstone. Each share of PSB common stock and each common unit of partnership interest we held in PSB were converted into the right to receive the merger consideration of 187.50 per share or unit, including a 5.25 closing cash dividend per share or unit, and a 0.22 prorated quarterly cash dividend per share or unit, for a total of 187.72 per share or unit. At the close of the merger transaction, we received a total of 2.7 billion of cash proceeds and recognized a gain of 2.1 billion, which was classified within gain on sale of our equity investment in PS Business Parks, Inc. in the Consolidated Statement of Income. 
 
 In connection with the sale of our equity investment in PSB, on August 4, 2022, we paid a special cash dividend of 13.15 per common share, totaling approximately 2.3 billion, to shareholders of record as of August 1, 2022. 
 On February 5, 2023, we disclosed that we made a proposal to acquire all of the outstanding shares and units of Life Storage for consideration consisting of Public Storage common shares at an exchange ratio of 0.4192 Public Storage common shares for each outstanding Life Storage share or unit. Our public offer followed prior rebuffs by Life Storage of our attempts to negotiate privately. For more detail about the proposal, please see our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 6, 2023. On February 16, 2023, Life Storage announced it had rejected the offer. We currently 
 23 

intend to pursue the proposed transaction. In the event we enter into and consummate an acquisition of Life Storage, the acquisition would have a significant impact on our future results of operations. 
 On February 4, 2023, our Board of Trustees declared a 50 increase in its regular common quarterly dividend from 2.00 to 3.00 per share, payable on March 30, 2023 to shareholders of record as of March 15, 2023. The distribution equates to an annualized increase to the Company s regular common dividend from 8.00 to 12.00 per share. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 Operating Results for 2022 and 2021 
 
 In 2022, net income allocable to our common shareholders was 4,142.3 million or 23.50 per diluted common share, compared to 1,732.4 million or 9.87 per diluted common share in 2021, representing an increase of 2,409.9 million or 13.63 per diluted common share. The increase is due primarily to (i) a 2.1 billion gain on sale of our equity investment in PSB and (ii) a 614.3 million increase in self-storage net operating income, partially offset by (iii) a 174.7 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense, (iv) a 125.1 million decrease in equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate entities due to sale of our equity investment in PSB, and (v) a 45.5 million increase in interest expense. 
 The 614.3 million increase in self-storage net operating income in 2022 as compared to 2021 is a result of a 370.1 million increase attributable to our Same Store Facilities and a 244.2 million increase attributable to our non-same store facilities. Revenues for the Same Store Facilities increased 14.8 or 409.9 million in 2022 as compared to 2021, due primarily to higher realized annual rent per occupied square foot, partially offset by a decline in occupancy. Cost of operations for the Same Store Facilities increased by 5.7 or 39.9 million in 2022 as compared to 2021, due primarily to increased property tax expense, on-site property manager payroll expense, marketing expense, other direct property costs, and centralized management costs. The increase in net operating income of 244.2 million for the non-same store facilities is due primarily to the impact of facilities acquired in 2021 and the fill-up of recently developed and expanded facilities. 
 Operating Results for 2021 and 2020 
 In 2021, net income allocable to our common shareholders was 1,732.4 million or 9.87 per diluted common share, compared to 1,098.3 million or 6.29 per diluted common share in 2020, representing an increase of 634.1 million or 3.58 per diluted common share. The increase is due primarily to (i) a 437.4 million increase in self-storage net operating income, (ii) a 209.7 million increase in foreign currency exchange gains associated with our Euro denominated notes payable, and (iii) our 149.0 million equity share of gains on sale of real estate recorded by PSB in 2021, partially offset by (iv) a 160.2 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense. 
 The 437.4 million increase in self-storage net operating income in 2021 as compared to 2020 is a result of a 279.5 million increase in our Same Store Facilities and a 157.9 million increase in our non-Same Store Facilities. Revenues for the Same Store Facilities increased 10.6 or 265.8 million in 2021 as compared to 2020, due primarily to higher realized annual rent per available square foot and weighted average square foot occupancy. Cost of operations for the Same Store Facilities decreased by 1.9 or 13.8 million in 2021 as compared to 2020, due primarily to (i) a 36.1 22.4 million) decrease in marketing expenses and (ii) an 11.2 14.4 million) decrease in on-site property manager payroll. The increase in net operating income of 157.9 million for the Non-Same Store Facilities is due primarily to the impact of facilities acquired in 2021 and 2020 and the fill-up of recently developed and expanded facilities. 
 24 

Funds from Operations and Core Funds from Operations 
 
 Funds from Operations FFO and FFO per share are non-GAAP measures defined by Nareit. We believe that FFO and FFO per share are useful to REIT investors and analysts in measuring our performance because Nareit s definition of FFO excludes items included in net income that do not relate to or are not indicative of our operating and financial performance. FFO represents net income before depreciation and amortization, which is excluded because it is based upon historical costs and assumes that building values diminish ratably over time, while we believe that real estate values fluctuate due to market conditions. FFO also excludes gains or losses on sale of real estate assets and real estate impairment charges, which are also based upon historical costs and are impacted by historical depreciation. FFO and FFO per share are not a substitute for net income or earnings per share. FFO is not a substitute for net cash flow in evaluating our liquidity or ability to pay dividends, because it excludes investing and financing activities presented on our consolidated statements of cash flows. In addition, other REITs may compute these measures differently, so comparisons among REITs may not be helpful. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, FFO was 16.46 per diluted common share as compared to 13.36 and 9.75 per diluted common share for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, representing an increase in 2022 of 23.2 , or 3.10 per diluted common share, as compared to 2021. 
 We also present Core FFO and Core FFO per share non-GAAP measures that represent FFO and FFO per share excluding the impact of (i) foreign currency exchange gains and losses, (ii) charges related to the redemption of preferred securities, and (iii) certain other non-cash and/or nonrecurring income or expense items primarily representing, with respect to the periods presented below, the impact of loss contingency accruals and casualties, unrealized gain on private equity investments and our equity share of merger transaction costs, severance of a senior executive, lease termination income, and casualties from our equity investees . We review Core FFO and Core FFO per share to evaluate our ongoing operating performance and we believe they are used by investors and REIT analysts in a similar manner. However, Core FFO and Core FFO per share are not substitutes for net income and net income per share. Because other REITs may not compute Core FFO or Core FFO per share in the same manner as we do, may not use the same terminology or may not present such measures, Core FFO and Core FFO per share may not be comparable among REITs. 
 25 

The following table reconciles net income to FFO and Core FFO and reconciles diluted earnings per share to FFO per share and Core FFO per share: 
 Year Ended December 31, Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Percentage Change 2021 2020 Percentage Change (Amounts in thousands, except per share data) Reconciliation of Net Income to FFO and Core FFO: Net income allocable to common shareholders 4,142,288 1,732,444 139.1 1,732,444 1,098,335 57.7 Eliminate items excluded from FFO: Depreciation and amortization 881,569 709,349 709,349 549,975 Depreciation from unconsolidated real estate investments 54,822 73,729 73,729 70,681 Depreciation allocated to noncontrolling interests and restricted share unitholders (6,622) (4,415) (4,415) (3,850) Gains on sale of real estate investments, including our equity share from investments (54,403) (165,272) (165,272) (12,791) Gain on sale of equity investment in PS Business Parks, Inc. (2,116,839) FFO allocable to common shares 2,900,815 2,345,835 23.7 2,345,835 1,702,350 37.8 Eliminate the impact of items excluded from Core FFO, including our equity share from investments: Foreign currency exchange (gain) loss (98,314) (111,787) (111,787) 97,953 Preferred share redemption charge 31,604 31,604 48,265 Property losses and tenant claims due to casualties (a) 4,817 4,909 4,909 Other items (338) (543) (543) 4,412 Core FFO allocable to common shares 2,806,980 2,270,018 23.7 2,270,018 1,852,980 22.5 Reconciliation of Diluted Earnings per Share to FFO per Share and Core FFO per Share: Diluted earnings per share 23.50 9.87 138.1 9.87 6.29 56.9 Eliminate amounts per share excluded from FFO: Depreciation and amortization 5.27 4.44 4.44 3.53 Gains on sale of real estate investments, including our equity share from investments (0.31) (0.95) (0.95) (0.07) Gain on sale of equity investment in PS Business Parks, Inc. (12.00) FFO per share 16.46 13.36 23.2 13.36 9.75 37.0 Eliminate the per share impact of items excluded from Core FFO, including our equity share from investments: Foreign currency exchange (gain) loss (0.57) (0.64) (0.64) 0.56 Preferred share redemption charge 0.18 0.18 0.28 Property losses and tenant claims due to casualties (a) 0.03 0.03 0.03 Other items 0.02 Core FFO per share 15.92 12.93 23.1 12.93 10.61 21.9 Diluted weighted average common shares 176,280 175,568 175,568 174,642 
 (a) Property losses and tenant claims due to casualties were related to Hurricane Ian in 2022, and Hurricane Ida in 2021, and were included in general and administrative expenses and ancillary cost of operations on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 26 

Analysis of Net Income - Self-Storage Operations 
 Our self-storage operations are analyzed in four groups: (i) the 2,276 facilities that we have owned and operated on a stabilized basis since January 1, 2020 (the Same Store Facilities ), (ii) 368 facilities we acquired since January 1, 2020 (the Acquired Facilities ), (iii) 153 facilities that have been newly developed or expanded, or that had commenced expansion by December 31, 2022 (the Newly Developed and Expanded Facilities ), and (iv) 72 other facilities, which are otherwise not stabilized with respect to occupancies or rental rates since January 1, 2020 (the Other Non-same Store Facilities ). See Note 13 to our December 31, 2022 consolidated financial statements Segment Information, for a reconciliation of the amounts in the tables below to our total net income. 
 27 

Self-Storage Operations Summary Year Ended December 31, Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Percentage Change 2021 2020 Percentage Change (Dollar amounts and square footage in thousands) Revenues: Same Store Facilities 3,175,207 2,765,263 14.8 2,765,263 2,499,486 10.6 Acquired Facilities 402,892 161,364 149.7 161,364 11,365 1319.8 Newly Developed and Expanded Facilities 269,245 197,058 36.6 197,058 145,360 35.6 Other Non-Same Store Facilities 98,684 79,881 23.5 79,881 65,419 22.1 3,946,028 3,203,566 23.2 3,203,566 2,721,630 17.7 Cost of operations: Same Store Facilities 738,491 698,629 5.7 698,629 712,390 (1.9) Acquired Facilities 135,911 57,921 134.6 57,921 6,742 759.1 Newly Developed and Expanded Facilities 79,466 70,029 13.5 70,029 62,871 11.4 Other Non-Same Store Facilities 26,341 25,451 3.5 25,451 25,540 (0.3) 980,209 852,030 15.0 852,030 807,543 5.5 Net operating income (a): Same Store Facilities 2,436,716 2,066,634 17.9 2,066,634 1,787,096 15.6 Acquired Facilities 266,981 103,443 158.1 103,443 4,623 2137.6 Newly Developed and Expanded Facilities 189,779 127,029 49.4 127,029 82,489 54.0 Other Non-Same Store Facilities 72,343 54,430 32.9 54,430 39,879 36.5 Total net operating income 2,965,819 2,351,536 26.1 2,351,536 1,914,087 22.9 Depreciation and amortization expense: Same Store Facilities 471,458 451,802 4.4 451,802 452,622 (0.2) Acquired Facilities 309,312 167,119 85.1 167,119 11,904 1303.9 Newly Developed and Expanded Facilities 63,362 56,411 12.3 56,411 48,573 16.1 Other Non-Same Store Facilities 44,014 38,096 15.5 38,096 40,158 (5.1) Total depreciation and amortization expense 888,146 713,428 24.5 713,428 553,257 29.0 Net income (loss): Same Store Facilities 1,965,258 1,614,832 21.7 1,614,832 1,334,474 21.0 Acquired Facilities (42,331) (63,676) (33.5) (63,676) (7,281) 774.6 Newly Developed and Expanded Facilities 126,417 70,618 79.0 70,618 33,916 108.2 Other Non-Same Store Facilities 28,329 16,334 73.4 16,334 (279) (5954.5) Total net income 2,077,673 1,638,108 26.8 1,638,108 1,360,830 20.4 Number of facilities at period end: Same Store Facilities 2,276 2,276 2,276 2,276 Acquired Facilities 368 294 25.2 294 62 374.2 Newly Developed and Expanded Facilities 153 145 5.5 145 137 5.8 Other Non-Same Store Facilities 72 72 72 73 2,869 2,787 2.9 2,787 2,548 9.4 Net rentable square footage at period end: Same Store Facilities 149,118 149,118 149,118 149,118 Acquired Facilities 31,709 26,905 17.9 26,905 5,075 430.1 Newly Developed and Expanded Facilities 17,700 16,606 6.6 16,606 15,088 10.1 Other Non-Same Store Facilities 5,690 5,690 5,690 5,770 (1.4) 204,217 198,319 3.0 198,319 175,051 13.3 
 28 

(a) Net operating income or NOI is a non-GAAP financial measure that excludes the impact of depreciation and amortization expense, which is based upon historical real estate costs and assumes that building values diminish ratably over time, while we believe that real estate values fluctuate due to market conditions. We utilize NOI in determining current property values, evaluating property performance, and in evaluating property operating trends. We believe that investors and analysts utilize NOI in a similar manner. NOI is not a substitute for net income, operating cash flow, or other related financial measures, in evaluating our operating results. See Note 13 to our December 31, 2022 consolidated financial statements for a reconciliation of NOI to our total net income for all periods presented. 
 Same Store Facilities 
 
 The Same Store Facilities consist of facilities we have owned and operated on a stabilized level of occupancy, revenues, and cost of operations since January 1, 2020. The composition of our Same Store Facilities allows us more effectively to evaluate the ongoing performance of our self-storage portfolio in 2020, 2021, and 2022 and exclude the impact of fill-up of unstabilized facilities, which can significantly affect operating trends. We believe investors and analysts use Same Store information in a similar manner. However, because other REITs may not compute Same Store Facilities in the same manner as we do, may not use the same terminology or may not present such a measure, Same Store Facilities may not be comparable among REITs. 
 
 The following table summarizes the historical operating results of these 2,276 facilities (149.1 million net rentable square feet) that represent approximately 73 of the aggregate net rentable square feet of our U.S. consolidated self-storage portfolio at December 31, 2022. It includes various measures and detail that we do not include in the analysis of the developed, acquired, and other non-same store facilities, due to the relative magnitude and importance of the Same Store Facilities relative to our other self-storage facilities. 
 
 29 

Selected Operating Data for the Same Store Facilities (2,276 facilities) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Percentage Change 2021 2020 Percentage Change (Dollar amounts in thousands, except for per square foot data) Revenues (a): Rental income 3,074,192 2,683,116 14.6 2,683,116 2,415,822 11.1 Late charges and administrative fees 101,015 82,147 23.0 82,147 83,664 (1.8) Total revenues 3,175,207 2,765,263 14.8 2,765,263 2,499,486 10.6 Direct cost of operations (a): Property taxes 279,388 267,961 4.3 267,961 258,453 3.7 On-site property manager payroll 119,139 114,426 4.1 114,426 128,819 (11.2) Repairs and maintenance 58,468 52,703 10.9 52,703 50,700 4.0 Utilities 43,457 40,548 7.2 40,548 41,345 (1.9) Marketing 45,906 39,682 15.7 39,682 62,101 (36.1) Other direct property costs 80,991 73,646 10.0 73,646 68,332 7.8 Total direct cost of operations 627,349 588,966 6.5 588,966 609,750 (3.4) Direct net operating income (b) 2,547,858 2,176,297 17.1 2,176,297 1,889,736 15.2 Indirect cost of operations (a): Supervisory payroll (35,017) (37,058) (5.5) (37,058) (40,965) (9.5) Centralized management costs (61,922) (55,350) 11.9 (55,350) (49,129) 12.7 Share-based compensation (14,203) (17,255) (17.7) (17,255) (12,546) 37.5 Net operating income 2,436,716 2,066,634 17.9 2,066,634 1,787,096 15.6 Depreciation and amortization expense (471,458) (451,802) 4.4 (451,802) (452,622) (0.2) Net income 1,965,258 1,614,832 21.7 1,614,832 1,334,474 21.0 Gross margin (before indirect costs, depreciation and amortization expense) 80.2 78.7 1.9 78.7 75.6 4.1 Gross margin (before depreciation and amortization expense) 76.7 74.7 2.7 74.7 71.5 4.5 Weighted average for the period: Square foot occupancy 94.9 96.3 (1.5) 96.3 94.5 1.9 Realized annual rental income per (c): Occupied square foot 21.73 18.67 16.4 18.67 17.15 8.9 Available square foot 20.61 17.99 14.6 17.99 16.20 11.0 At December 31: 
 Square foot occupancy 92.4 94.8 (2.5) 94.8 94.2 0.6 Annual contract rent per occupied square foot (d) 23.02 19.96 15.3 19.96 17.81 12.1 
 30 

(a) Revenues and cost of operations do not include tenant reinsurance and merchandise sale revenues and expenses generated at the facilities. See Ancillary Operations below for more information. 
 (b) Direct net operating income Direct NOI ), a subtotal within NOI, is a non-GAAP financial measure that excludes the impact of supervisory payroll, centralized management costs, and share-based compensation in addition to depreciation and amortization expense. We utilize direct net operating income in evaluating property performance and in evaluating property operating trends as compared to our competitors. 
 (c) Realized annual rent per occupied square foot is computed by dividing rental income, before late charges and administrative fees, by the weighted average occupied square feet for the period. Realized annual rent per available square foot REVPAF is computed by dividing rental income, before late charges and administrative fees, by the total available net rentable square feet for the period. These measures exclude late charges and administrative fees in order to provide a better measure of our ongoing level of revenue. Late charges are dependent upon the level of delinquency, and administrative fees are dependent upon the level of move-ins. In addition, the rates charged for late charges and administrative fees can vary independently from rental rates. These measures take into consideration promotional discounts, which reduce rental income. 
 (d) Annual contract rent represents the agreed upon monthly rate that is paid by our tenants in place at the time of measurement. Contract rates are initially set in the lease agreement upon move-in, and we adjust them from time to time with notice. Contract rent excludes other fees that are charged on a per-item basis, such as late charges and administrative fees, does not reflect the impact of promotional discounts, and does not reflect the impact of rents that are written off as uncollectible. 
 Analysis of Same Store Revenue 
 We believe a balanced occupancy and rate strategy maximizes our revenues over time. We regularly adjust rental rates and promotional discounts offered (generally, 1.00 rent for the first month ), as well as our marketing efforts to maximize revenue from new tenants to replace tenants that vacate. 
 We typically increase rental rates to our long-term tenants (generally, those who have been with us for at least a year) every six to twelve months. As a result, the number of long-term tenants we have in our facilities is an important factor in our revenue growth. The level of rate increases to long-term tenants is based upon evaluating the additional revenue from the increase against the negative impact of incremental move-outs, by considering customers in-place rent and prevailing market rents, among other factors. 
 Revenues generated by our Same Store Facilities increased 14.8 and 10.6 in 2022 and 2021, respectively, in each case as compared to the previous year. The increase in 2022 is due primarily to (i) a 16.4 increase in realized annual rent per occupied square foot for 2022 as compared to 2021, partially offset by (ii) a 1.5 decrease in average occupancy for 2022 as compared to 2021. The increase in 2021 is due primarily to (i) an 8.9 increase in realized annual rent per occupied square foot for 2021 as compared to 2020 and, to a lesser extent, (ii) a 1.9 increase in average occupancy for 2021 as compared to 2020. 
 Our growth in revenues, realized annual rent per occupied square foot, and REVPAF for 2022 as compared to 2021 was evident in each of our markets. Our weighted average square foot occupancy remained strong across our markets for 2022. 
 The increase in realized annual rent per occupied square foot in 2022 as compared to the same periods in 2021 was due to rate increases to existing long-term tenants in substantially all of our markets in 2022 as compared to curtailed increases in certain markets in 2021, combined with a 6.2 increase in average rates per square foot charged to new tenants moving in, as a result of strong customer demand in most of our markets. These improvements were partially offset by increases in move-out activity and promotional discounts given during 2022 as compared to 2021. At December 31, 2022, annual contract rent per occupied square foot was 15.3 higher as compared to December 31, 2021. 
 We experienced high occupancy levels throughout 2022 with a weighted average square foot occupancy of 94.9 , although representing a decrease of 1.5 during 2022 as compared to 2021. Year-over-year move-out volumes increased 9.7 and year-over-year move-in volumes increased 4.5 in 2022 as compared to 2021, leading to a lower square foot occupancy at December 31, 2022 of 92.4 as compared to 94.8 at December 31, 2021. 
 Move-out volumes were partially impacted by rental rate increases to our existing tenants in 2022 as compared to 2021. However, move-out activity from tenants not receiving increases was also higher in 2022 compared to 2021 but remains below pre-2020 levels. Average length of stay of our tenants increased in 2022 as compared to 2021, which supported our revenue growth by contributing to the number of tenants eligible for rental rate increases in 2022. 
 31 

In order to attract more new tenants to replace those that vacated in the second half of 2022, we took a number of actions including increasing promotional discounting, reducing rental rates to new customers, and increasing marketing expense. 
 Demand historically has been higher in the summer months than in the winter months and, as a result, rental rates charged to new tenants have typically been higher in the summer months than in the winter months. More typical seasonal patterns of demand with lower demand in the winter months returned in 2022. Demand fluctuates due to various local and regional factors, including the overall economy. Demand for our facilities is also impacted by new supply of self-storage space and alternatives to self-storage. 
 We expect weaker demand in 2023 as compared to 2022 driven by a weaker macroeconomic outlook and more limited moving activities, with move-out activities and occupancy levels returning to pre-2020 levels. We will continue to support demand levels with increased marketing expense, lowering rental rates to new customers, and increased promotional discounting. As a result, we expect revenue growth to decline significantly in 2023 as compared to high levels of growth in 2022 and 2021. With a wide range of potential macroeconomic pathways for 2023, the range of potential revenue growth rates is wide including the potential for year-over-year declines in revenue in the second half of 2023. 
 Late Charges and Administrative Fees 
 Late charges and administrative fees increased 23.0 in 2022 and decreased 1.8 in 2021, in each case as compared to the previous year. The increase in 2022 is due to (i) higher late charges collected on delinquent accounts driven by more delinquent accounts compared to 2021 and to a lesser extent (ii) higher administrative fees charged per move-in combined with higher move-in volumes. The decrease in 2021 as compared to 2020 is due to (i) an acceleration in average collections whereby a greater percentage of tenants paid their monthly rent promptly to avoid the incurrence of such fees and (ii) reduced move-in administrative fees due to lower move-ins. 
 Selected Key Statistical Data 
 The following table sets forth average annual contract rent per square foot and total square footage for tenants moving in and moving out during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. It also includes promotional discounts, which vary based upon the move-in contractual rates, move-in volume, and percentage of tenants moving in who receive the discount. 
 Year Ended December 31, Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change 2021 2020 Change (Amounts in thousands, except for per square foot amounts) Tenants moving in during the period: Average annual contract rent per square foot 18.11 17.06 6.2 17.06 13.53 26.1 Square footage 97,783 93,607 4.5 93,607 104,636 (10.5) Contract rents gained from move-ins 1,770,850 1,596,935 10.9 1,596,935 1,415,725 12.8 Promotional discounts given 46,087 38,203 20.6 38,203 75,785 (49.6) Tenants moving out during the period: Average annual contract rent per square foot 20.65 17.52 17.9 17.52 15.52 12.9 Square footage 101,399 92,466 9.7 92,466 100,670 (8.1) Contract rents lost from move-outs 2,093,889 1,620,004 29.3 1,620,004 1,562,398 3.7 
 
 Analysis of Same Store Cost of Operations 
 Cost of operations (excluding depreciation and amortization) increased 5.7 in 2022 as compared to 2021 due primarily to increased property tax expense, on-site property manager payroll expense, marketing expense, other direct property costs, and centralized management costs. Cost of operations (excluding depreciation and amortization) decreased 1.9 in 2021 as compared to 2020 due primarily to decreased marketing expense and on-site property manager payroll expense, partially offset by increased property tax expense, other direct property costs, and centralized management costs. 
 32 

Property tax expense increased 4.3 and 3.7 in 2022 and 2021, respectively, in each case as compared to the previous year, as a result of higher assessed values. We expected property tax expense growth of approximately 5.3 in 2023 due primarily to higher assessed values. 
 On-site property manager payroll expense increased 4.1 in 2022 as compared to 2021 and decreased 11.2 in 2021 as compared to 2020. The increase in 2022 is primarily due to competitive labor conditions experienced in most geographical markets, partially offset by a decline in hours worked driven by revisions in operational processes. The decrease in 2021 is primarily due to (i) a year-over-year decline in hours worked due to staffing reductions from reduced move-in and move-out activity and revisions to other operational processes and (ii) a temporary 3.00 hourly incentive increase and enhancement of paid time off benefits to all of our property managers between April 1, 2020 and June 30, 2020 in response to the COVID Pandemic, partially offset by wage increases in response to competitive labor conditions experienced in most geographical markets since the second quarter of 2021. We expect on-site property manager payroll expense to increase in 2023 driven by increased wage rates, partially offset by expected reduction in labor hours driven by revisions in operational processes. 
 Marketing expense includes Internet advertising and the operating costs of our telephone reservation center. Internet advertising expense, comprising keyword search fees assessed on a per click basis, varies based upon demand for self-storage space, the quantity of people inquiring about self-storage through online search, occupancy levels, the number and aggressiveness of bidding competitors, and other factors. These factors are volatile; accordingly, Internet advertising can increase or decrease significantly in the short-term. We increased marketing expense by 15.7 in 2022 as compared to 2021, by utilizing a higher volume of online paid search programs to attract new tenants. We decreased marketing expense by 36.1 in 2021 as compared to 2020 due primarily to lower volume of paid search programs we utilized in 2021 given strong demand and high occupancies in many of our same store properties. 
 Other direct property costs include administrative expenses specific to each self-storage facility, such as property loss, telephone and data communication lines, business license costs, bank charges related to processing the facilities cash receipts, tenant mailings, credit card fees, eviction costs, and the cost of operating each property s rental office. These costs increased 10.0 in 2022 as compared to 2021 and 7.8 in 2021 as compared to 2020. These increases were due primarily to an increase in credit card fees as result of year-over-year increases in revenues, and to a lesser extent, a long-term trend of more customers paying with credit cards rather than cash, checks, or other methods of payment with lower transaction costs. We expect a moderate increase in other direct property costs in 2023 primarily driven by increase in credit card fees. 
 Centralized management costs represents administrative and cash compensation expenses for shared general corporate functions to the extent their efforts are devoted to self-storage operations. Such functions include information technology support, hardware, and software, as well as centralized administration of payroll, benefits, training, facilities management, customer service, pricing and marketing, operational accounting and finance, and legal costs. Centralized management costs increased 11.9 in 2022 as compared to 2021 and 12.7 in 2021 as compared to 2020. These increases were due primarily to an increase in technology and data team costs that support property operations. We expect centralized managements costs to remain flat in 2023 compared to 2022. 
 33 

Analysis of Market Trends 
 The following tables set forth selected market trends in our Same Store Facilities: 
 Same Store Facilities Operating Trends by Market 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended December 31, Number of Facilities Square Feet (millions) Realized Rent per Occupied Square Foot Average Occupancy Realized Rent per Available Square Foot 2022 2021 Change 2022 2021 Change 2022 2021 Change Los Angeles 212 15.3 32.55 27.32 19.1 96.9 98.2 (1.3) 31.55 26.83 17.6 San Francisco 128 7.8 31.43 28.08 11.9 95.3 97.2 (2.0) 29.95 27.29 9.7 New York 90 6.4 30.60 27.44 11.5 94.5 96.3 (1.9) 28.92 26.43 9.4 Miami 83 5.8 27.92 22.42 24.5 95.6 97.1 (1.5) 26.70 21.77 22.6 Seattle-Tacoma 86 5.7 25.11 21.95 14.4 94.2 95.3 (1.2) 23.67 20.93 13.1 Washington DC 90 5.5 25.42 22.65 12.2 93.4 95.3 (2.0) 23.74 21.58 10.0 Chicago 129 8.1 19.28 16.63 15.9 93.6 95.7 (2.2) 18.05 15.92 13.4 Dallas-Ft. Worth 106 7.0 17.28 14.72 17.4 94.6 95.8 (1.3) 16.35 14.11 15.9 Atlanta 101 6.6 17.39 14.49 20.0 93.7 96.0 (2.4) 16.29 13.91 17.1 Houston 95 6.8 15.88 13.58 16.9 93.6 94.3 (0.7) 14.86 12.81 16.0 Orlando-Daytona 69 4.4 17.96 14.87 20.8 95.9 95.7 0.2 17.22 14.23 21.0 Philadelphia 56 3.5 20.92 18.55 12.8 94.4 97.1 (2.8) 19.75 18.02 9.6 West Palm Beach 37 2.6 25.40 21.15 20.1 95.9 96.8 (0.9) 24.35 20.48 18.9 Tampa 51 3.4 18.87 15.51 21.7 95.0 96.2 (1.2) 17.93 14.92 20.2 Charlotte 50 3.8 15.01 12.46 20.5 95.0 95.9 (0.9) 14.26 11.95 19.3 All other markets 893 56.4 17.91 15.51 15.5 94.8 96.2 (1.5) 16.98 14.93 13.7 Totals 2,276 149.1 21.73 18.67 16.4 94.9 96.3 (1.5) 20.61 17.99 14.6 
 34 

Same Store Facilities Operating Trends by Market (Continued) 
 Year Ended December 31, Revenues 000's) Direct Expenses 000's) Indirect Expenses 000's) Net Operating Income 000's) 2022 2021 Change 2022 2021 Change 2022 2021 Change 2022 2021 Change Los Angeles 492,438 417,935 17.8 62,909 58,765 7.1 11,287 11,014 2.5 418,242 348,156 20.1 San Francisco 238,642 216,832 10.1 35,100 33,929 3.5 6,645 6,689 (0.7) 196,897 176,214 11.7 New York 190,639 174,251 9.4 44,968 42,982 4.6 5,335 5,450 (2.1) 140,336 125,819 11.5 Miami 160,813 131,175 22.6 28,259 26,100 8.3 4,016 4,182 (4.0) 128,538 100,893 27.4 Seattle-Tacoma 138,426 122,217 13.3 23,295 22,457 3.7 3,894 4,060 (4.1) 111,237 95,700 16.2 Washington DC 135,483 122,902 10.2 27,850 26,531 5.0 4,140 4,079 1.5 103,493 92,292 12.1 Chicago 152,089 133,771 13.7 57,184 51,764 10.5 5,917 5,797 2.1 88,988 76,210 16.8 Dallas-Ft. Worth 118,577 102,074 16.2 26,047 24,196 7.7 4,548 4,645 (2.1) 87,982 73,233 20.1 Atlanta 113,572 96,721 17.4 22,299 19,041 17.1 4,756 4,879 (2.5) 86,517 72,801 18.8 Houston 105,071 90,192 16.5 28,554 27,281 4.7 4,289 4,397 (2.5) 72,228 58,514 23.4 Orlando-Daytona 78,622 64,982 21.0 14,883 13,543 9.9 3,487 3,284 6.2 60,252 48,155 25.1 Philadelphia 72,597 66,000 10.0 15,685 15,105 3.8 2,717 2,730 (0.5) 54,195 48,165 12.5 West Palm Beach 66,203 55,558 19.2 13,232 11,710 13.0 1,917 2,010 (4.6) 51,054 41,838 22.0 Tampa 63,047 52,443 20.2 13,033 11,767 10.8 2,385 2,404 (0.8) 47,629 38,272 24.4 Charlotte 56,671 47,411 19.5 9,405 9,113 3.2 2,324 2,208 5.3 44,942 36,090 24.5 All other markets 992,317 870,799 14.0 204,646 194,682 5.1 43,485 41,835 3.9 744,186 634,282 17.3 Totals 3,175,207 2,765,263 14.8 627,349 588,966 6.5 111,142 109,663 1.3 2,436,716 2,066,634 17.9 
 
 35 

Same Store Facilities Operating Trends by Market (Continued) 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 Year Ended December 31, Number of Facilities Square Feet (millions) Realized Rent per Occupied Square Foot Average Occupancy Realized Rent per Available Square Foot 2021 2020 Change 2021 2020 Change 2021 2020 Change Los Angeles 212 15.3 27.32 25.81 5.9 98.2 96.6 1.7 26.83 24.93 7.6 San Francisco 128 7.8 28.08 26.59 5.6 97.2 96.0 1.3 27.29 25.53 6.9 New York 90 6.4 27.44 25.86 6.1 96.3 95.1 1.3 26.43 24.58 7.5 Miami 83 5.8 22.42 19.73 13.6 97.1 94.4 2.9 21.77 18.62 16.9 Seattle-Tacoma 86 5.7 21.95 20.23 8.5 95.3 94.1 1.3 20.93 19.04 9.9 Washington DC 90 5.5 22.65 21.05 7.6 95.3 94.4 1.0 21.58 19.88 8.6 Chicago 129 8.1 16.63 14.96 11.2 95.7 93.8 2.0 15.92 14.04 13.4 Dallas-Ft. Worth 106 7.0 14.72 13.33 10.4 95.8 93.0 3.0 14.11 12.40 13.8 Atlanta 101 6.6 14.49 13.11 10.5 96.0 92.8 3.4 13.91 12.17 14.3 Houston 95 6.8 13.58 12.45 9.1 94.3 92.2 2.3 12.81 11.48 11.6 Orlando-Daytona 69 4.4 14.87 13.57 9.6 95.7 94.4 1.4 14.23 12.81 11.1 Philadelphia 56 3.5 18.55 16.86 10.0 97.1 96.1 1.0 18.02 16.20 11.2 West Palm Beach 37 2.6 21.15 18.36 15.2 96.8 94.7 2.2 20.48 17.39 17.8 Tampa 51 3.4 15.51 13.71 13.1 96.2 93.4 3.0 14.92 12.80 16.6 Charlotte 50 3.8 12.46 11.10 12.3 95.9 92.9 3.2 11.95 10.31 15.9 All other markets 893 56.4 15.51 14.09 10.1 96.2 94.5 1.8 14.93 13.31 12.2 Totals 2,276 149.1 18.67 17.15 8.9 96.3 94.5 1.9 17.99 16.20 11.0 
 
 36 

Same Store Facilities Operating Trends by Market (Continued) 
 Year Ended December 31, Revenues 000's) Direct Expenses 000's) Indirect Expenses 000's) Net Operating Income 000's) 2021 2020 Change 2021 2020 Change 2021 2020 Change 2021 2020 Change Los Angeles 417,935 389,109 7.4 58,765 62,787 (6.4) 11,014 10,371 6.2 348,156 315,951 10.2 San Francisco 216,832 202,927 6.9 33,929 35,029 (3.1) 6,689 6,337 5.6 176,214 161,561 9.1 New York 174,251 162,637 7.1 42,982 43,849 (2.0) 5,450 4,881 11.7 125,819 113,907 10.5 Miami 131,175 112,742 16.3 26,100 26,353 (1.0) 4,182 4,115 1.6 100,893 82,274 22.6 Seattle-Tacoma 122,217 111,693 9.4 22,457 23,228 (3.3) 4,060 4,057 0.1 95,700 84,408 13.4 Washington DC 122,902 113,694 8.1 26,531 26,926 (1.5) 4,079 3,667 11.2 92,292 83,101 11.1 Chicago 133,771 118,560 12.8 51,764 50,338 2.8 5,797 5,473 5.9 76,210 62,749 21.5 Dallas-Ft. Worth 102,074 90,153 13.2 24,196 25,744 (6.0) 4,645 4,365 6.4 73,233 60,044 22.0 Atlanta 96,721 85,125 13.6 19,041 19,633 (3.0) 4,879 4,366 11.7 72,801 61,126 19.1 Houston 90,192 81,144 11.2 27,281 27,830 (2.0) 4,397 4,141 6.2 58,514 49,173 19.0 Orlando-Daytona 64,982 58,793 10.5 13,543 14,604 (7.3) 3,284 2,910 12.9 48,155 41,279 16.7 Philadelphia 66,000 59,666 10.6 15,105 15,461 (2.3) 2,730 2,633 3.7 48,165 41,572 15.9 West Palm Beach 55,558 47,364 17.3 11,710 11,708 2,010 1,904 5.6 41,838 33,752 24.0 Tampa 52,443 45,205 16.0 11,767 12,410 (5.2) 2,404 2,155 11.6 38,272 30,640 24.9 Charlotte 47,411 41,106 15.3 9,113 9,627 (5.3) 2,208 2,027 8.9 36,090 29,452 22.5 All other markets 870,799 779,568 11.7 194,682 204,223 (4.7) 41,835 39,238 6.6 634,282 536,107 18.3 Totals 2,765,263 2,499,486 10.6 588,966 609,750 (3.4) 109,663 102,640 6.8 2,066,634 1,787,096 15.6 
 37 

Acquired Facilities 
 The Acquired Facilities represent 368 facilities that we acquired in 2020, 2021, and 2022. As a result of the stabilization process and timing of when these facilities were acquired, year-over-year changes can be significant. The following table summarizes operating data with respect to the Acquired Facilities: 
 ACQUIRED FACILITIES Year Ended December 31, Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change (a) 2021 2020 Change (a) amounts in thousands, except for per square foot amounts) Revenues (b): 2020 Acquisitions 
 75,647 54,890 20,757 54,890 11,365 43,525 2021 Acquisitions 
 312,300 106,474 205,826 106,474 106,474 2022 Acquisitions 
 14,945 14,945 Total revenues 402,892 161,364 241,528 161,364 11,365 149,999 Cost of operations (b): 2020 Acquisitions 
 26,168 25,216 952 25,216 6,742 18,474 2021 Acquisitions 
 101,859 32,705 69,154 32,705 32,705 2022 Acquisitions 
 7,884 7,884 Total cost of operations 135,911 57,921 77,990 57,921 6,742 51,179 Net operating income: 2020 Acquisitions 
 49,479 29,674 19,805 29,674 4,623 25,051 2021 Acquisitions 
 210,441 73,769 136,672 73,769 73,769 2022 Acquisitions 
 7,061 7,061 Net operating income 266,981 103,443 163,538 103,443 4,623 98,820 Depreciation and amortization expense (309,312) (167,119) (142,193) (167,119) (11,904) (155,215) Net loss (42,331) (63,676) 21,345 (63,676) (7,281) (56,395) At December 31: 
 Square foot occupancy: 2020 Acquisitions 
 88.4 88.2 0.2 88.2 63.5 38.9 2021 Acquisitions 
 83.1 79.9 4.0 79.9 2022 Acquisitions 
 79.4 83.4 81.4 2.5 81.4 63.5 28.2 Annual contract rent per occupied square foot: 2020 Acquisitions 
 17.39 14.82 17.3 14.82 12.50 18.6 2021 Acquisitions 
 17.81 15.62 14.0 15.62 2022 Acquisitions 
 11.48 16.84 15.46 8.9 15.46 12.50 23.7 Number of facilities: 2020 Acquisitions 
 62 62 62 62 2021 Acquisitions 
 232 232 232 232 2022 Acquisitions 
 74 74 368 294 74 294 62 232 Net rentable square feet (in thousands) (c): 2020 Acquisitions 
 5,075 5,075 5,075 5,075 2021 Acquisitions 
 21,908 21,830 78 21,830 21,830 2022 Acquisitions 
 4,726 4,726 31,709 26,905 4,804 26,905 5,075 21,830 
 
 38 

ACQUIRED FACILITIES (Continued) 
 As of 
 December 31, 2022 
 Costs to acquire (in thousands): 2020 Acquisitions 
 796,065 2021 Acquisitions 
 5,115,276 2022 Acquisitions 
 730,480 6,641,821 
 (a) Represents the percentage change with respect to square foot occupancy and annual contract rent per occupied square foot, and the absolute nominal change with respect to all other items. 
 (b) Revenues and cost of operations do not include tenant reinsurance and merchandise sale revenues and expenses generated at the facilities. See Ancillary Operations below for more information. 
 (c) The Acquired Facilities have an aggregate of approximately 31.7 million net rentable square feet, including 11.2 million in Texas, 3.9 million in Maryland, 1.8 million in Florida, 1.2 million in Oklahoma, 1.1 million in Virginia, 0.9 million in North Carolina, 0.8 million in each of Arizona, Colorado and Ohio, 0.6 million in each of California, Georgia, Illinois, Minnesota, and South Carolina, 0.5 million in each of Idaho, Indiana, Michigan, Missouri, Nebraska, Oregon, and Pennsylvania, 0.4 million in each of Alabama, Nevada, and Tennessee, 0.3 million in Washington, and 1.2 million in other states. 
 We have been active in acquiring facilities in recent years. Since the beginning of 2020, we acquired a total of 368 facilities with 31.7 million net rentable square feet for 6.6 billion. During 2022, these facilities contributed net operating income of 267.0 million. 
 During 2022, we acquired the Neighborhood Storage portfolio in the Ocala, Florida market, consisting of 28 properties with 1.2 million net rentable square feet, which includes 26 properties closed in December 2022 for 179.8 million and two properties that are under construction and expected to close in early 2023. 
 During 2021, we acquired the ezStorage portfolio, consisting of 48 properties (4.1 million net rentable square feet) for acquisition cost of 1.8 billion. Included in the Acquisition results in the table above are ezStorage portfolio revenues of 100.8 million, NOI of 79.9 million (including Direct NOI of 82.7 million), and average square footage occupancy of 89.6 for 2022. 
 During 2021, we acquired the All Storage portfolio, consisting of 56 properties (7.5 million net rentable square feet) for 1.5 billion. Included in the Acquisition results in the table above are All Storage portfolio revenues of 79.2 million, NOI of 48.4 million (including Direct NOI of 51.2 million), and average square footage occupancy of 79.4 for 2022. 
 We remain active in seeking to acquire additional self-storage facilities. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we acquired or were under contract to acquire eight self-storage facilities across five states with 0.5 million net rentable square feet, for 70.5 million. Future acquisition volume is likely to be impacted by increasing cost of capital requirements and overall macro-economic uncertainties. 

39 

Developed and Expanded Facilities 
 The developed and expanded facilities include 62 facilities that were developed on new sites since January 1, 2017, and 91 facilities expanded to increase their net rentable square footage. Of these expansions, 51 were completed before 2021, 27 were completed in 2021 or 2022, and 13 are currently in process at December 31, 2022. The following table summarizes operating data with respect to the Developed and Expanded Facilities: 
 DEVELOPED AND EXPANDED FACILITIES Year Ended December 31, Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change (a) 2021 2020 Change (a) amounts in thousands, except for per square foot amounts) Revenues (b): Developed in 2017 35,216 27,593 7,623 27,593 21,541 6,052 Developed in 2018 36,789 28,308 8,481 28,308 20,163 8,145 Developed in 2019 16,444 11,921 4,523 11,921 6,455 5,466 Developed in 2020 6,838 3,405 3,433 3,405 301 3,104 Developed in 2021 8,333 1,602 6,731 1,602 1,602 Developed in 2022 687 687 Expansions completed before 2021 95,029 70,091 24,938 70,091 47,886 22,205 Expansions completed in 2021 or 2022 51,374 33,746 17,628 33,746 29,333 4,413 Expansions in process 18,535 20,392 (1,857) 20,392 19,681 711 Total revenues 269,245 197,058 72,187 197,058 145,360 51,698 Cost of operations (b): Developed in 2017 10,416 9,932 484 9,932 9,625 307 Developed in 2018 10,742 9,983 759 9,983 10,364 (381) Developed in 2019 5,622 5,240 382 5,240 4,685 555 Developed in 2020 1,702 1,679 23 1,679 383 1,296 Developed in 2021 3,539 1,546 1,993 1,546 1,546 Developed in 2022 738 738 Expansions completed before 2021 30,357 28,554 1,803 28,554 25,083 3,471 Expansions completed in 2021 or 2022 12,554 8,949 3,605 8,949 8,187 762 Expansions in process 3,796 4,146 (350) 4,146 4,544 (398) Total cost of operations 79,466 70,029 9,437 70,029 62,871 7,158 Net operating income (loss): Developed in 2017 24,800 17,661 7,139 17,661 11,916 5,745 Developed in 2018 26,047 18,325 7,722 18,325 9,799 8,526 Developed in 2019 10,822 6,681 4,141 6,681 1,770 4,911 Developed in 2020 5,136 1,726 3,410 1,726 (82) 1,808 Developed in 2021 4,794 56 4,738 56 56 Developed in 2022 (51) (51) Expansions completed before 2021 64,672 41,537 23,135 41,537 22,803 18,734 Expansions completed in 2021 or 2022 38,820 24,797 14,023 24,797 21,146 3,651 Expansions in process 14,739 16,246 (1,507) 16,246 15,137 1,109 Net operating income 189,779 127,029 62,750 127,029 82,489 44,540 Depreciation and amortization expense (63,362) (56,411) (6,951) (56,411) (48,573) (7,838) Net income 126,417 70,618 55,799 70,618 33,916 36,702 

40 

DEVELOPED AND EXPANDED FACILITIES (Continued) As of December 31, 
 As of December 31, 
 2022 2021 Change (a) 2021 2020 Change (a) amounts in thousands, except for per square foot amounts) Square foot occupancy: Developed in 2017 89.3 91.4 (2.3) 91.4 88.7 3.0 Developed in 2018 87.5 88.6 (1.2) 88.6 86.5 2.4 Developed in 2019 87.3 87.3 87.3 84.6 3.2 Developed in 2020 94.3 88.9 6.1 88.9 34.0 161.5 Developed in 2021 82.4 48.8 68.9 48.8 Developed in 2022 41.6 Expansions completed before 2021 86.7 86.6 0.1 86.6 75.0 15.5 Expansions completed in 2021 or 2022 80.0 81.4 (1.7) 81.4 90.8 (10.4) Expansions in process 81.8 89.2 (8.3) 89.2 94.4 (5.5) 84.1 85.3 (1.4) 85.3 81.2 5.0 Annual contract rent per occupied square foot: Developed in 2017 19.77 16.03 23.3 16.03 12.64 26.8 Developed in 2018 20.84 17.08 22.0 17.08 12.73 34.2 Developed in 2019 18.19 14.58 24.8 14.58 9.69 50.5 Developed in 2020 21.75 17.67 23.1 17.67 10.08 75.3 Developed in 2021 18.04 15.41 17.1 15.41 Developed in 2022 13.84 Expansions completed before 2021 16.17 13.64 18.5 13.64 10.41 31.0 Expansions completed in 2021 or 2022 21.52 19.14 12.4 19.14 18.19 5.2 Expansions in process 26.49 24.03 10.2 24.03 21.87 9.9 18.98 16.08 18.0 16.08 12.79 25.7 Number of facilities: Developed in 2017 16 16 16 16 Developed in 2018 18 18 18 18 Developed in 2019 11 11 11 11 Developed in 2020 3 3 3 3 Developed in 2021 6 6 6 6 Developed in 2022 8 8 Expansions completed before 2021 51 51 51 51 Expansions completed in 2021 or 2022 27 27 27 25 2 Expansions in process 13 13 13 13 153 145 8 145 137 8 Net rentable square feet (in thousands) (c): Developed in 2017 2,040 2,040 2,040 2,040 Developed in 2018 2,069 2,069 2,069 2,069 Developed in 2019 1,057 1,057 1,057 1,057 Developed in 2020 347 347 347 347 Developed in 2021 681 681 681 681 Developed in 2022 631 631 Expansions completed before 2021 6,879 6,879 6,879 6,873 6 Expansions completed in 2021 or 2022 3,247 2,636 611 2,636 1,741 895 Expansions in process 749 897 (148) 897 961 (64) 17,700 16,606 1,094 16,606 15,088 1,518 
 41 

As of 
 December 31, 2022 
 Costs to develop (in thousands): Developed in 2017 239,871 Developed in 2018 262,187 Developed in 2019 150,387 Developed in 2020 42,063 Developed in 2021 115,632 Developed in 2022 100,089 Expansions completed before 2021 (d) 478,659 Expansions completed in 2021 or 2022 (d) 231,270 1,620,158 
 (a) Represents the percentage change with respect to square foot occupancy and annual contract rent per occupied square foot, and the absolute nominal change with respect to all other items. 
 (b) Revenues and cost of operations do not include tenant reinsurance and merchandise sales generated at the facilities. See Ancillary Operations below for more information. 
 (c) The facilities included above have an aggregate of approximately 17.7 million net rentable square feet at December 31, 2022, including 5.0 million in Texas, 3.2 million in Florida, 2.2 million in California, 1.5 million in Colorado, 1.4 million in Minnesota, 0.9 million in North Carolina, 0.7 million in Michigan, 0.4 million in each of Missouri, New Jersey, South Carolina, and Washington, 0.3 million in Virginia, and 0.9 million in other states. 
 (d) These amounts only include the direct cost incurred to expand and renovate these facilities, and do not include (i) the original cost to develop or acquire the facility or (ii) the lost revenue on space demolished during the construction and fill-up period. 
 It typically takes at least three to four years for a newly developed or expanded self-storage facility to stabilize with respect to revenues. Physical occupancy can be achieved as early as two to three years following completion of the development or expansion through offering lower rental rates during fill-up. As a result, even after achieving high occupancy, there can still be a period of elevated revenue growth as the tenant base matures and higher rental rates are achieved. 
 We believe that our development and redevelopment activities generate favorable risk-adjusted returns over the long run. However, in the short run, our earnings are diluted during the construction and stabilization period due to the cost of capital to fund the development cost, as well as the related construction and development overhead expenses included in general and administrative expense. 
 We typically underwrite new developments to stabilize at approximately an 8.0 NOI yield on cost. Our developed facilities have thus far leased up as expected and are at various stages of their revenue stabilization periods. The actual annualized yields that we may achieve on these facilities upon stabilization will depend on many factors, including local and current market conditions in the vicinity of each property and the level of new and existing supply. 
 The facilities under expansions completed represent those facilities where the expansions have been completed at December 31, 2022. We incurred a total of 709.9 million in direct cost to expand these facilities, demolished a total of 1.2 million net rentable square feet of storage space, and built a total of 6.3 million net rentable square feet of new storage space. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 22 additional facilities in development, which will have a total of 2.1 million net rentable square feet of storage space and have an aggregate development cost totaling approximately 492.3 million. We expect these facilities to open over the next 18 to 24 months. 
 The facilities under expansion in process represent those facilities where construction is in process at December 31, 2022, and together with additional future expansion activities primarily related to our Same Store Facilities at December 31, 2022, we expect to add a total of 2.5 million net rentable square feet of storage space by expanding existing self-storage facilities for an aggregate direct development cost of 487.3 million. 
 
 42 

Other Non-Same Store Facilities 
 The Other Non-Same Store Facilities represent facilities which, while not newly acquired, developed, or expanded, are not fully stabilized since January 1, 2020, including facilities undergoing fill-up as well as facilities damaged in casualty events such as hurricanes, floods, and fires. 
 The Other Non-Same Store Facilities have an aggregate of 5.7 million net rentable square feet, including 1.1 million in Texas, 0.6 million in each of Florida and Washington, 0.4 million in each of California and Virginia, 0.3 million in each of Indiana and South Carolina, 0.2 million in each of Arizona, Georgia, Kentucky, Massachusetts, and Tennessee, and 1.0 million in other states. 
 During 2022, 2021, and 2020, the average occupancy for these facilities totaled 91.4 , 92.7 , and 85.5 , respectively, and the realized rent per occupied square foot totaled 18.42, 14.61, and 12.69, respectively. 
 Depreciation and amortization expense 
 Depreciation and amortization expense for Self-Storage Operations increased 174.7 million in 2022 as compared to 2021 and increased 160.2 million in 2021 as compared to 2020, primarily due to newly acquired facilities of 5.1 billion in 2021. We expect continued increases in depreciation expense in 2023 as a result of elevated levels of capital expenditures and new facilities that are acquired, developed or expanded in 2023. 

43 

The following discussion and analysis of the components of net income, including Ancillary Operations and items not allocated to segments, present a comparison for the year ended December 31, 2022 to the year ended December 31, 2021. The results of these components for the years ended December 31, 2021 compared to December 31, 2020 was included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 on page 23, under Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, which was filed with the SEC on February 22, 2022. 
 Ancillary Operations 
 Ancillary revenues and expenses include amounts associated with the reinsurance of policies against losses to goods stored by tenants in our self-storage facilities, sale of merchandise at our self-storage facilities, and management of property owned by unrelated third parties. The following table sets forth our ancillary operations: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change (Amounts in thousands) Revenues: Tenant reinsurance premiums 188,201 166,585 21,616 Merchandise 28,303 28,466 (163) Third party property management 19,631 17,207 2,424 Total revenues 236,135 212,258 23,877 Cost of operations: Tenant reinsurance 36,830 33,932 2,898 Merchandise 17,113 17,274 (161) Third party property management 18,755 17,362 1,393 Total cost of operations 72,698 68,568 4,130 Net operating income (loss): Tenant reinsurance 151,371 132,653 18,718 Merchandise 11,190 11,192 (2) Third party property management 876 (155) 1,031 Total net operating income 163,437 143,690 19,747 
 
 Tenant reinsurance operations: Tenant reinsurance premium revenue increased 21.6 million or 13.0 in 2022 over 2021, as a result of an increase in our tenant base with respect to acquired, newly developed, and expanded facilities and the third party properties we manage. Tenant reinsurance premium revenue generated from tenants at our Same-Store Facilities were 139.0 million and 133.9 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively, representing a 3.8 year over year increase in 2022. 
 We expect future growth will come primarily from customers of newly acquired and developed facilities, as well as additional tenants at our existing unstabilized self-storage facilities. 
 Cost of operations primarily includes claims paid as well as claims adjustment expenses. Claims expenses vary based upon the number of insured tenants and the volume of events that drive covered customer losses, such as burglary, as well as catastrophic weather events affecting multiple properties such as hurricanes and floods. Included in cost of operations are 2.7 million of estimated claims costs related to Hurricane Ian for 2022, as compared to 2.0 million of estimated claims costs related to Hurricane Ida for 2021. 
 Merchandise sales: Sales of locks, boxes, and packing supplies at our self-storage facilities are primarily impacted by the level of move-ins and other customer traffic at our self-storage facilities. We do not expect any significant changes in revenues or profitability from our merchandise sales in 2023. 
 Third-party property management: At December 31, 2022, in our third-party property management program, we managed 114 facilities for unrelated third parties, and were under contract to manage 78 additional facilities including 73 
 44 

facilities that are currently under construction. During 2022, we added 60 facilities to the program, acquired three facilities from the program, and had 17 properties exit the program due to sales to other buyers. While we expect this business to increase in scope and size, we do not expect any significant changes in overall profitability of this business in the near term as we seek new properties to manage and are in the earlier stages of fill-up for newly managed properties. 
 
 Analysis of items not allocated to segments 
 
 Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate entities 
 We account for the equity investments in PSB and Shurgard using the equity method and record our pro-rata share of the net income of these entities. The following table, and the discussion below, sets forth our equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate entities: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change (Amounts in thousands) Equity in earnings: PSB 80,596 207,722 (127,126) Shurgard 26,385 24,371 2,014 Total equity in earnings 106,981 232,093 (125,112) 
 Investment in PSB: On April 24, 2022, PSB entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger whereby affiliates of Blackstone agreed to acquire all outstanding shares of PSB s common stock for 187.50 per share in cash. On July 20, 2022, PSB announced that it completed the merger transaction with Blackstone. Each share of PSB common stock and each common unit of partnership interest we held in PSB were converted into the right to receive the merger consideration of 187.50 per share or unit, including a 5.25 closing cash dividend per share or unit, and a 0.22 prorated quarterly cash dividend per share or unit, for a total of 187.72 per share or unit. At the close of the merger transaction, we received a total of 2.7 billion of cash proceeds and recognized a gain of 2.1 billion, which was classified within gain on sale of our equity investment in PS Business Parks, Inc. in the Consolidated Statement of Income. Accordingly, equity in earnings from PSB for the year ended December 31, 2022 reflect activities through the merger date, July 20, 2022. 
 Included in our equity earnings from PSB is our equity share of gains on sale of real estate totaling 49.1 million and 149.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our equity share of earnings from PSB contributed 57.7 million and 99.3 million to Core FFO in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 As a result of closing the sale of PSB, we will no longer recognize equity in earnings from PSB in the future. 
 Investment in Shurgard: Included in our equity earnings from Shurgard for the year ended December 31, 2022 is our equity share of gains on sale of real estate totaling 3.5 million. 
 For purposes of recording our equity in earnings from Shurgard, the Euro was translated at exchange rates of approximately 1.070 U.S. Dollars per Euro at December 31, 2022 (1.134 at December 31, 2021), and average exchange rates of 1.054 for 2022 and 1.183 for 2021. Accordingly, our equity in earnings from Shurgard was negatively impacted by the strengthening of the U.S. Dollar against the Euro by approximately 10.9 during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 45 

General and administrative expense: The following table sets forth our general and administrative expense: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change (Amounts in thousands) Share-based compensation expense 37,865 37,760 105 Development and acquisition costs 17,540 8,892 8,648 Federal and State tax expense and related compliance costs 16,086 11,530 4,556 Legal costs 4,014 6,194 (2,180) Corporate management costs 21,808 18,594 3,214 Other costs 17,429 18,284 (855) Total 114,742 101,254 13,488 
 Development and acquisition costs primarily represent internal and external expenses related to our development and acquisition of real estate facilities and varies primarily based upon the level of activities. The amounts in the above table are net of 17.4 million and 14.6 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively, in development costs that were capitalized to newly developed and redeveloped self-storage facilities. During 2022, we wrote off 7.0 million of accumulated development costs for cancelled development and redevelopment projects driven by significant increases in construction costs from when the projects were initiated. 
 
 Interest and other income: The following table sets forth our interest and other income: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change (Amounts in thousands) Interest earned on cash balances 20,824 101 20,723 Commercial operations 9,846 8,127 1,719 Unrealized gain on private equity investments 4,685 4,685 Other 5,212 4,078 1,134 Total 40,567 12,306 28,261 
 Interest expense: For 2022 and 2021, we incurred 142.4 million and 94.3 million, respectively, of interest on our outstanding notes payable. In determining interest expense, these amounts were offset by capitalized interest of 6.0 million and 3.5 million during 2022 and 2021, respectively, associated with our development activities. The increase of interest expense in 2022 as compared to 2021 is due to our issuances of debt to fund our 2021 acquisition activity. At December 31, 2022, we had 6.9 billion of notes payable outstanding, with a weighted average interest rate of approximately 2.0 . 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Gain: For 2022, we recorded foreign currency gains of 98.3 million, representing primarily the changes in the U.S. Dollar equivalent of our Euro-denominated unsecured notes due to fluctuations in exchange rates (gains of 111.8 million for 2021). The Euro was translated at exchange rates of approximately 1.070 U.S. Dollars per Euro at December 31, 2022 and 1.134 at December 31, 2021. Future gains and losses on foreign currency will be dependent upon changes in the relative value of the Euro to the U.S. Dollar and the level of Euro-denominated notes payable outstanding. 
 Gain on Sale of Real Estate: In 2022 and 2021, we recorded gains on sale of real estate totaling 1.5 million and 13.7 million, respectively, in connection with the partial sale of real estate facilities pursuant to eminent domain proceedings. 

46 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview and our Sources of Capital 
 
 While operating as a REIT allows us to minimize the payment of U.S. federal corporate income tax expense, we are required to distribute at least 90 of our taxable income to our shareholders. Notwithstanding this requirement, our annual operating retained cash flow increased from 200 million to 300 million per year in recent years to approximately 700 million in 2021 and 1 billion in 2022. Retained operating cash flow represents our expected cash flow provided by operating activities (including property operating costs and interest payments described below), less shareholder distributions and capital expenditures. We expect retained cash flow of approximately 500 million for 2023. 
 The REIT distribution requirement limits cash flow from operations that can be retained and reinvested in the business, increasing our reliance upon raising capital to fund growth. Capital needs in excess of retained cash flow are met with: (i) medium and long-term debt, (ii) preferred equity, and (iii) common equity. We select among these sources of capital based upon relative cost, availability, the desire for leverage, and considering potential constraints caused by certain features of capital sources, such as debt covenants. We view our line of credit, as well as any short-term bank loans, as bridge financing. 
 Because raising capital is important to our growth, we endeavor to maintain a strong financial profile characterized by strong credit metrics, including low leverage relative to our total capitalization and operating cash flows. We are one of the highest rated REITs, as rated by major rating agencies Moody s and Standard Poor s. Our senior notes payable have an A credit rating by Standard Poor s and A2 by Moody s. Our credit ratings on each of our series of preferred shares are A3 by Moody s and BBB+ by Standard Poor s. Our credit profile enables us to effectively access both the public and private capital markets to raise capital. 
 We have a 500.0 million revolving line of credit that we are able to use as temporary bridge financing until we are able to raise longer term capital. As of December 31, 2022 and February 21, 2023, there were no borrowings outstanding on the revolving line of credit; however, we do have approximately 18.6 million of outstanding letters of credit, which limits our borrowing capacity to 481.4 million as of February 21, 2023. Our line of credit matures on April 19, 2024. 
 We believe that we have significant financial flexibility to adapt to changing conditions and opportunities, and we have significant access to sources of capital including debt and preferred equity. While the costs of financing have increased recently, based on our strong credit profile and our substantial current liquidity relative to our capital requirements noted below, we would not expect any potential capital market dislocations to have a material impact upon our expected capital and growth plans over the next 12 months. However, if capital market conditions were to change significantly in the long run, our access to or cost of debt and preferred equity capital could be negatively impacted and potentially affect future investment activities. 
 Our current and expected capital resources include: (i) 775.3 million of cash as of December 31, 2022 and (ii) approximately 500.0 million of expected retained operating cash flow over the next twelve months. We believe that our cash provided by our operating activities will continue to be sufficient to enable us to meet our ongoing cash requirements for interest payments on debt, maintenance capital expenditures, and distributions to our shareholders for the foreseeable future. 
 As described below, our current committed cash requirements consist of (i) 70.5 million in property acquisitions currently under contract and (ii) 606.6 million of remaining spending on our current development pipeline, which will be incurred primarily in the next 18 to 24 months. Our cash requirements may increase over the next year as we add projects to our development pipeline and acquire additional properties. Additional potential cash requirements could result from various activities including the redemption of outstanding preferred securities, repurchases of common stock, or merger and acquisition activities, as and to the extent we determine to engage in such activities. 
 Over the long term, to the extent that our cash requirements exceed our capital resources, we believe we have a variety of possibilities to raise additional capital including issuing common or preferred securities, issuing debt, or entering into joint venture arrangements to acquire or develop facilities. 
 47 

Cash Requirements 
 The following summarizes our expected material cash requirements, which comprise (i) contractually obligated expenditures, including payments of principal and interest, (ii) other essential expenditures, including property operating expenses, maintenance capital expenditures and dividends paid in accordance with REIT distribution requirements, and (iii) opportunistic expenditures, including acquisitions and developments and repurchases of our securities. We expect to satisfy these cash requirements through operating cash flow and opportunistic debt and equity financings. 
 Required Debt Repayments: As of December 31, 2022, the principal outstanding on our debt totaled approximately 6.9 billion, consisting of 10.1 million of secured notes payable, 1.7 billion of Euro-denominated unsecured notes payable and 5.3 billion of U.S. Dollar denominated unsecured notes payable. Approximate principal maturities and interest payments are as follows (amounts in thousands): 
 2023 151,532 2024 933,385 2025 367,561 2026 1,251,404 2027 587,643 Thereafter 4,349,115 7,640,640 
 Capital Expenditure Requirements: Capital expenditures include general maintenance, major repairs, or replacements to elements of our facilities to keep our facilities in good operating condition and maintain their visual appeal. Capital expenditures do not include costs relating to the development of new facilities or redevelopment of existing facilities to increase their available rentable square footage. 
 Capital expenditures totaled 452.3 million in 2022 and are expected to approximate 450 million in 2023. In addition to standard capital repairs of building elements reaching the end of their useful lives, our capital expenditures in recent years have included incremental expenditures to enhance the competitive position of certain of our facilities relative to local competitors pursuant to a multi-year program. Such investments include development of more pronounced, attractive, and clearly identifiable color schemes and signage and upgrades to the configuration and layout of the offices and other customer zones to improve the customer experience. We spent approximately 189 million in 2022 and expect to spend 160 million in 2023 on this effort. In addition, we have made investments in LED lighting and the installation of solar panels, which approximated 56 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and we expect to spend 132 million in 2023. 
 We believe that these incremental investments improve customer satisfaction, the attractiveness and competitiveness of our facilities to new and existing customers and, in the case of LED lighting and solar panels, reduce operating costs. 
 Requirement to Pay Distributions: For all periods presented herein, we have elected to be treated as a REIT, as defined in the Code. For each taxable year in which we qualify for taxation as a REIT, we will not be subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax on our REIT taxable income (generally, taxable income subject to specified adjustments, including a deduction for dividends paid and excluding our net capital gain) that is distributed to our shareholders. We believe we have met these requirements in all periods presented herein, and we expect to continue to qualify as a REIT. 
 On February 4, 2023, our Board declared a regular common quarterly dividend of 3.00 per common share totaling approximately 526 million, which will be paid at the end of March 2023. Our consistent, long-term dividend policy has been to distribute our taxable income. Future quarterly distributions with respect to the common shares will continue to be determined based upon our REIT distribution requirements after taking into consideration distributions to the preferred shareholders and will be funded with cash flows from operating activities. Our future aggregate annual common dividend distributions may increase as a result of the issuance of additional common shares, including any shares that would be issued if we were to consummate our recently proposed acquisition of Life Storage. 
 The annual distribution requirement with respect to our preferred shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 is approximately 194.7 million per year. 
 48 

Real Estate Investment Activities: We continue to seek to acquire additional self-storage facilities from third parties. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we acquired or were under contract to acquire eight self-storage facilities for a total purchase price of 70.5 million. 
 We are actively seeking to acquire additional facilities. However, future acquisition volume will depend upon whether additional owners will be motivated to market their facilities, which will in turn depend upon factors such as economic conditions and the level of seller confidence. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had development and expansion projects at a total cost of approximately 979.6 million. Costs incurred through December 31, 2022 were 373.0 million, with the remaining cost to complete of 606.6 million expected to be incurred primarily in the next 18 to 24 months. Some of these projects are subject to contingencies such as entitlement approval. We expect to continue to seek to add projects to maintain and increase our robust pipeline. Our ability to do so continues to be challenged by various constraints such as difficulty in finding projects that meet our risk-adjusted yield expectations and challenges in obtaining building permits for self-storage facilities in certain municipalities. 
 Property Operating Expenses: The direct and indirect cost of our operations impose significant cash requirements. Direct operating costs include property taxes, on-site property manager payroll, repairs and maintenance, utilities, and marketing. Indirect operating costs include supervisory payroll and centralized management costs. The cash requirements from these operating costs will vary year to year based on, among other things, changes in the size of our portfolio and changes in property tax rates and assessed values, wage rates, and marketing costs in our markets. 
 Redemption of Preferred Securities : Historically, we have taken advantage of refinancing higher coupon preferred securities with lower coupon preferred securities. In the future, we may also elect to finance the redemption of preferred securities with proceeds from the issuance of debt. As of February 21, 2023, we have two series of preferred securities that are eligible for redemption, at our option and with 30 days notice: our 5.150 Series F Preferred Shares 280.0 million) and our 5.050 Series G Preferred Shares 300.0 million). See Note 9 to our December 31, 2022 consolidated financial statements for the redemption dates of all of our series of preferred shares. Redemption of such preferred shares will depend upon many factors, including the rate at which we could issue replacement preferred securities. None of our preferred securities are redeemable at the option of the holders. 
 Repurchases of Common Shares : Our Board has authorized management to repurchase up to 35,000,000 of our common shares on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. During 2022, we did not repurchase any of our common shares. From the inception of the repurchase program through February 21, 2023, we have repurchased a total of 23,721,916 common shares at an aggregate cost of approximately 679.1 million. Future levels of common share repurchases will be dependent upon our available capital, investment alternatives and the trading price of our common shares. 
 49 

ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 To limit our exposure to market risk, we are capitalized primarily with preferred and common equity. Our preferred shares are redeemable at our option generally five years after issuance, but the holder has no redemption option. Our debt, which totals approximately 6.9 billion at December 31, 2022, is the only market-risk sensitive portion of our capital structure. 
 The fair value of our debt at December 31, 2022 is approximately 6.0 billion. The table below summarizes the annual maturities of our debt, which had a weighted average effective rate of 2.0 at December 31, 2022. See Note 7 to our December 31, 2022 consolidated financial statements for further information regarding our debt (amounts in thousands). 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Debt 8,270 807,159 259,170 1,150,138 500,140 4,185,709 6,910,586 
 We have foreign currency exposure at December 31, 2022 related to (i) our investment in Shurgard, with a book value of 275.8 million, and a fair value of 1.4 billion based upon the closing price of Shurgard s stock on December 31, 2022, and (ii) 1.5 billion 1.7 billion) of Euro-denominated unsecured notes payable, providing a natural hedge against the fair value of our investment in Shurgard. 
 
 ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 The financial statements and supplementary data appearing on pages F-3 to F-34 are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports we file and submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in accordance with SEC guidelines, and that such information is communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure based on the definition of disclosure controls and procedures in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures in reaching that level of reasonable assurance. We also have investments in certain unconsolidated real estate entities, and, because we do not control these entities, our disclosure controls and procedures with respect to such entities are substantially more limited than those we maintain with respect to our consolidated subsidiaries. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022, at a reasonable assurance level. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the 
 50 

participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee on Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 Framework). Based on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework , our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 The effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm. Ernst Young LLP s report on our internal control over financial reporting appears below. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fourth quarter of 2022 to which this report relates that have materially affected, or are reasonable likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 51 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Trustees of Public Storage 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Public Storage s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Public Storage (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity and redeemable noncontrolling interests and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) and our report dated February 21, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 Los Angeles, California 
 February 21, 2023 
 52 

ITEM 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 53 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. Trustees, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The following is a biographical summary of the current executive officers of the Company: 
 Joseph D. Russell, Jr. , age 63, has served as Chief Executive Officer since January 1, 2019, and as President since July 2016. Prior to joining Public Storage, Mr. Russell was President and Chief Executive Officer of PS Business Parks, Inc. from August 2002 to July 2016. Mr. Russell has also served as a trustee of Public Storage since January 1, 2019. 
 H. Thomas Boyle , age 40, has served as Chief Financial Officer since January 1, 2019 and Chief Investment Officer since January 1, 2023. Previously, Mr. Boyle was Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Operations, from November 2016, when he joined the Company, until January 2019. Prior to joining Public Storage, Mr. Boyle served in roles of increasing responsibilities with Morgan Stanley since 2005, from analyst to his last role as Executive Director, Equity and Debt Capital Markets. 
 Natalia N. Johnson , age 45, has served as Chief Administrative Officer since August 4, 2020. Previously, Ms. Johnson was Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer from April 2018 until August 2020, and prior to that was Senior Vice President of Human Resources, a position she held since joining the Company in July 2016. Prior to joining Public Storage, Ms. Johnson held a variety of senior management positions at Bank of America, including Chief Operating Officer for Mortgage Technology and Human Resources Executive for the Mortgage Business, and worked for Coca-Cola Andina and San Crist bal Insurance. 
 Nathaniel A. Vitan , age 49, has served as Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary since April 20, 2019, and was previously Vice President and Chief Counsel Litigation and Operations since joining the Company in June 2016 until April 2019. Prior to joining Public Storage, Mr. Vitan was Assistant General Counsel for Altria Client Services LLC from 2008 to 2016, and before then was a Trial and Appellate Practice attorney at Latham Watkins LLP. 
 David Lee , age 47, has served as Chief Operating Officer since November 1, 2021 and as the Company s principal operating officer since February 21, 2023. Prior to joining Public Storage, Mr. Lee held various roles of increasing responsibility at The UPS Store since 2002, most recently as Senior Vice President of Operations. 
 Other information required by this item is hereby incorporated by reference to the material appearing in the Company s Notice and Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 
 
 ITEM 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this item is hereby incorporated by reference to the material appearing in the Company s Notice and Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 

54 

ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 The following table sets forth information, as of December 31, 2022 on the Company s equity compensation plans: 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants, and rights Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants, and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (A)) (A) (B) (C) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (a) 3,815,547 (b) 
 209.53 (c) 
 1,724,352 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders (d) Total 3,815,547 (b) 
 209.53 (c) 
 1,724,352 
 
 a) The Company s equity compensation plans are described more fully in Note 11 to the December 31, 2022 financial statements. All plans have been approved by the Company s shareholders. 
 b) Includes (i) stock options to purchase 3,307,964 common shares, including performance-based stock options as to which the performance period had not ended or the Compensation Committee had not certified performance as of December 31, 2022, which stock options are reflected in the table above assuming a maximum payout, (ii) 498,032 restricted share units, including performance-based restricted share units as to which the performance period had not ended as of December 31, 2022, which restricted share units are reflected in the table above assuming a maximum payout, and (iii) 9,551 fully vested deferred share units. All restricted share units, if and when vested, and all deferred share units will be settled in common shares on a one-for-one basis. 
 c) Represents the weighted average exercise price of stock options to purchase 1,854,041 common shares, excluding the performance-based stock options described in footnote (b), above. The 498,032 restricted share units would vest for no consideration. 
 d) There were no securities outstanding or available for future issuance under equity compensation plans not approved by the Company s shareholders. 
 Other information required by this item is hereby incorporated by reference to the material appearing in the Company s Notice and Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 
 
 ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Trustee Independence 
 The information required by this item is hereby incorporated by reference to the material appearing in the Company s Notice and Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act. 
 
 ITEM 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by this item is hereby incorporated by reference to the material appearing in the Company s Notice and Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act of 1934. 
 55 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 a. 1. Financial Statements 
 The financial statements listed in the accompanying Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules hereof are filed as part of this report. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules 
 The financial statements schedules listed in the accompanying Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules are filed as part of this report. 
 3. Exhibits 
 See Index to Exhibits contained herein. 
 b. Exhibits: 
 See Index to Exhibits contained herein. 
 c. Financial Statement Schedules 
 Not applicable. 
 56 

PUBLIC STORAGE 
 INDEX TO EXHIBITS (1) 
 (Items 15(a)(3) and 15(c)) 
 3.1 Restated Declaration of Trust of Public Storage, a Maryland real estate investment trust. Filed here with . 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Public Storage. Filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3.3 Articles Supplementary for Public Storage 5.150 Cumulative Preferred Shares, Series F. Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 23, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3.4 Articles Supplementary for Public Storage 5.050 Cumulative Preferred Shares, Series G. Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 31, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3.5 Articles Supplementary for Public Storage 5.600 Cumulative Preferred Shares, Series H. Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 28, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3.6 Articles Supplementary for Public Storage 4.875 Cumulative Preferred Shares, Series I. Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 5, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3.7 Articles Supplementary for Public Storage 4.700 Cumulative Preferred Shares, Series J. Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 5, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3.8 Articles Supplementary for Public Storage 4.750 Cumulative Preferred Shares, Series K. Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated December 11, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3.9 Articles Supplementary for Public Storage 4.625 Cumulative Preferred Shares, Series L. Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 8, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3.10 Articles Supplementary for Public Storage 4.125 Cumulative Preferred Shares, Series M. Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 11, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3.11 Articles Supplementary for Public Storage 3.875 Cumulative Preferred Shares, Series N. Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 29, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3.12 Articles Supplementary for Public Storage 3.900 Cumulative Preferred Shares, Series O. Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 9, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3.13 Articles Supplementary for Public Storage 4.000 Cumulative Preferred Shares, Series P. Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 7, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3.14 Articles Supplementary for Public Storage 3.950 Cumulative Preferred Shares, Series Q. Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 10, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3.15 Articles Supplementary for Public Storage 4.000 Cumulative Preferred Shares, Series R. Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 9, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3.16 Articles Supplementary for Public Storage 4.100 Cumulative Preferred Shares, Series S. Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 4, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4.1 Description of the Company s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4.2 Master Deposit Agreement, dated as of May 31, 2007. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 6, 2007 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4.3 Indenture, dated as of September 18, 2017, between Public Storage and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee. Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 18, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 57 

4.4 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 18, 2017, between Public Storage and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, including the form of Global Note representing the 2022 Notes and the form of Global Note representing the 2027 Notes. Filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 18, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4.5 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 12, 2019, between Public Storage and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, including the form of Global Note representing the 2029 Notes. Filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 12, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4.6 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 24, 2020, between Public Storage and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, including the form of Global Note representing the 2032 Notes. Filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 24, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4.7 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 19, 2021, between Public Storage and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, including the form of Global Note representing the 2026 Notes. Filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 14, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4.8 Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 23, 2021, between Public Storage and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, including the form of Global Note representing the Floating Rate Notes. Filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 23, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4.9 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 23, 2021, between Public Storage and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, including the form of Global Note representing the 2028 Notes. Filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 23, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4.10 Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 23, 2021, between Public Storage and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, including the form of Global Note representing the 2031 Notes. Filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 23, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4.11 Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 9, 2021, between Public Storage and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, including the form of Global Note representing the 2030 Notes. Filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 9, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4.12 Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 9, 2021, between Public Storage and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association), as trustee, including the form of Global Note representing the 2026 Notes. Filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 9, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4.13 Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 9, 2021, between Public Storage and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association), as trustee, including the form of Global Note representing the 2028 Notes. Filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 9, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4.14 Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 9, 2021, between Public Storage and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association), as trustee, including the form of Global Note representing the 2031 Notes. Filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 9, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.1 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 3, 2015, by and among Public Storage and the signatories thereto. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 3, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.2 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 12, 2016, by and among Public Storage and the signatories thereto. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 12, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 58 

10.3 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated April 19, 2019, by and among Public Storage, the lenders party thereto, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, Wells Fargo Securities LLC and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner Smith Incorporation, as joint lead arrangers and as joint bookrunners, Bank of America, N.A., as syndication agent, and Citibank, N.A., as documentation agent. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 19, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.4 Form of Trustee and Officer Indemnification Agreement. Filed as Exhibit 10.19 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.5 Public Storage 2007 Equity and Performance-Based Incentive Compensation Plan, as Amended (2007 Plan). Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 1, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.6 Public Storage 2016 Equity and Performance-Based Incentive Compensation Plan (2016 Plan). Filed herewith. 
 10.7 Public Storage 2021 Equity and Performance-Based Incentive Compensation Plan (2021 Plan). Filed herewith. 
 10.8 Form of 2007 Plan Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. Filed as Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.9 Form of 2007 Plan Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (deferral of receipt of shares). Filed as Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference . 
 10.10 Form of 2007 Plan Stock Option Agreement. Filed as Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.11 Form of 2007 Plan Trustee Stock Option Agreement. Filed as Exhibit 10.14 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.12 Form of 2016 Plan Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (deferral of receipt of shares). Filed as Exhibit 10.16 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.13 Form of 2016 Plan Trustee Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement. Filed as Exhibit 10.18 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.14 Form of 2016 Plan Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (deferral of receipt of shares) (2018). Filed as Exhibit 10.26 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.15 Form of 2016 Plan Trustee Deferred Stock Unit Agreement (2018). Filed as Exhibit 10.29 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.16 Form of 2016 Plan Executive Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (2018). Filed as Exhibit 10.30 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.17 Form of 2016 Employee Stock Unit Agreement (2020). Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.18 Form of 2016 Plan Employee Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (2020). Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.19 Form of 2016 Plan Performance-Based Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (2020). Filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.20 Form of 2021 Plan Employee Stock Unit Agreement (2021). Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.21 Form of 2021 Plan Employee Stock Unit Agreement (2022). Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 59 

10.22 Form of 2021 Plan Trustee Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.23 Form of 2021 Plan Performance-Based Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (2022). Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.24 Form of 2021 Plan Performance-Based Stock Unit Agreement (2022). Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 21 Listing of Subsidiaries. Filed herewith. 
 23.1 Consent of Ernst Young LLP. Filed herewith. 
 31.1 Rule 13a 14(a) Certification. Filed herewith. 
 31.2 Rule 13a 14(a) Certification. Filed herewith. 
 32 Section 1350 Certifications. Filed herewith. 
 101 .INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 101 .SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. Filed herewith. 101 .CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. Filed herewith. 101 .DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. Filed herewith. 101 .LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. Filed herewith. 101 .PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Link. Filed herewith. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) _ (1) SEC File No. 001-33519 unless otherwise indicated. Denotes management compensatory plan agreement or arrangement. 
 
 60 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 PUBLIC STORAGE Date: February 21, 2023 
 By: /s/ Joseph D. Russell, Jr. Joseph D. Russell, Jr., Chief Executive Officer, President and Trustee 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Joseph D. Russell, Jr. Chief Executive Officer, President and Trustee (principal executive officer) February 21, 2023 Joseph D. Russell, Jr. /s/ H. Thomas Boyle Chief Financial Officer and Chief Investment Officer (principal financial officer) February 21, 2023 H. Thomas Boyle /s/ Ronald L. Havner, Jr. Chairman of the Board February 21, 2023 Ronald L. Havner, Jr. /s/ Tamara Hughes Gustavson Trustee February 21, 2023 Tamara Hughes Gustavson /s/ Leslie Stone Heisz Trustee February 21, 2023 Leslie Stone Heisz /s/ Michelle Millstone-Shroff Trustee February 21, 2023 Michelle Millstone-Shroff /s/ Shankh S. Mitra Trustee February 21, 2023 Shankh S. Mitra /s/ David J. Neithercut Trustee February 21, 2023 David J. Neithercut /s/ Rebecca Owen Trustee February 21, 2023 Rebecca Owen /s/ Kristy M. Pipes Trustee February 21, 2023 Kristy M. Pipes /s/ Avedick B. Poladian Trustee February 21, 2023 Avedick B. Poladian 
 61 

Signature Title Date /s/ John Reyes Trustee February 21, 2023 John Reyes /s/ Tariq M. Shaukat Trustee February 21, 2023 Tariq M. Shaukat /s/ Ronald P. Spogli Trustee February 21, 2023 Ronald P. Spogli /s/ Paul S. Williams Trustee February 21, 2023 Paul S. Williams 
 62 

PUBLIC STORAGE 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 AND SCHEDULES 
 (Item 15 (a)) 
 Page References Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Auditor name: ; Firm ID: ); Auditor location: 
 F- 1 - F-2 
 Consolidated Balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F- 3 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020: 
 Consolidated Statements of income 
 F- 4 
 Consolidated Statements of comprehensive income 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of equity and redeemable noncontrolling interests 
 F- 6 - F-7 
 Consolidated Statements of cash flows 
 F- 8 - F-9 
 Notes to consolidated financial statements 
 F- 10 - F-31 
 Schedule: III Real estate and accumulated depreciation 
 F- 32 - F-34 
 
 All other schedules have been omitted since the required information is not present or not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 63 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Trustees of Public Storage 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Public Storage (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity and redeemable noncontrolling interests and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 21, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 F-1 

Purchase Price Allocation Description of the Matter For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of 74 self-storage facilities for a total purchase price of 730.5 million. As further discussed in Notes 2 and 3 of the consolidated financial statements, the transactions were accounted for as asset acquisitions, and the purchase price was allocated based on a relative fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, which consisted principally of land and buildings. 
 Auditing the accounting for the Company s 2022 acquisitions of self-storage facilities was subjective because the Company, with the assistance of its external valuation specialist, must exercise a high level of management judgment in determining the estimated fair value of acquired land and buildings. Determining the fair value of acquired land was difficult due to the lack of available directly comparable land market information. The estimated fair value of the acquired buildings was based upon (i) the income approach, which included estimating the fair value of hypothetical vacant acquired buildings and adjusting for the estimated fair value of land or (ii) estimated replacement costs, which were calculated by estimating the cost of building similar facilities in comparable markets and adjusting those costs for the age, quality, and configuration associated with the acquired facilities. Determining the fair value of the acquired buildings was challenging due to the judgment utilized by management in determining the assumptions utilized in, or the adjustments applied to, the valuation of each building. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over management s accounting for acquired self-storage facilities, including controls over the review of assumptions underlying the purchase price allocation and accuracy of the underlying data used. For example, we tested controls over the determination of the fair value of the land and building assets, including the controls over the review of the valuation models and the underlying assumptions used to develop such estimates. 
 For the 2022 acquisitions of self-storage facilities described above, our procedures included, but were not limited to, evaluating the sensitivity of changes in significant assumptions on the purchase price allocation. We performed a sensitivity analysis to evaluate the impact on the Company s financial statements resulting from changes in allocated land and building values. For certain of these asset acquisitions, we also read the purchase agreements, evaluated whether the Company had appropriately determined whether the transaction was a business combination or asset acquisition, evaluated the methods and significant assumptions used by the Company, and tested the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data supporting the significant assumptions and estimates. Additionally, for certain of these asset acquisitions, we involved our valuation specialists to assist in the assessment of the methodology utilized by the Company, in addition to performing corroborative analyses to assess whether the conclusions in the valuation were supported by observable market data. For example, our valuation specialists used independently identified data sources to evaluate management s selected comparable land sales, income approach assumptions, and replacement cost assumptions. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 1980. 
 Los Angeles, California 
 February 21, 2023 
 F-2 

PUBLIC STORAGE 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share data) 
 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Cash and equivalents Real estate facilities, at cost: Land Buildings Accumulated depreciation ) ) Construction in process Investments in unconsolidated real estate entities Goodwill and other intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Notes payable Accrued and other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) 
 
 Redeemable noncontrolling interests Equity: Public Storage shareholders equity: Preferred Shares, par value, shares authorized, shares issued (in series) and outstanding, at December 31, 2021) at liquidation preference 
 Common Shares, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding shares at December 31, 2021) 
 Paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total Public Storage shareholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities, redeemable noncontrolling interests and equity 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 F-3 

PUBLIC STORAGE 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (Amounts in thousands, except per share amounts) 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues: Self-storage facilities Ancillary operations Expenses: Self-storage cost of operations Ancillary cost of operations Depreciation and amortization General and administrative Interest expense Other increases (decreases) to net income: Interest and other income Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate entities Foreign currency exchange gain (loss) ) Gain on sale of real estate Gain on sale of equity investment in PS Business Parks, Inc. Net income Allocation to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Net income allocable to Public Storage shareholders Allocation of net income to: Preferred shareholders ) ) ) Preferred shareholders - redemptions (Note 9) ) ) Restricted share units ) ) ) Net income allocable to common shareholders Net income per common share: Basic Diluted Basic weighted average common shares outstanding Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 F-4 

PUBLIC STORAGE 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (Amounts in thousands) 
 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income Foreign currency exchange (loss) gain on investment in Shurgard ) ) Total comprehensive income Allocation to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Comprehensive income allocable to Public Storage shareholders 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 F-5 

PUBLIC STORAGE 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY AND REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 
 Cumulative Preferred Shares Common Shares Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Public Storage Shareholders' Equity Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests Balances at December 31, 2019 
 ) ) Issuance of preferred shares (Note 9) 
 ) Redemption and shares called for redemption of preferred shares (Note 9) 
 ) ) ) Issuance of common shares in connection with share-based compensation shares) (Note 11) 
 Share-based compensation expense, net of cash paid in lieu of common shares (Note 11) Acquisition of noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Contributions by noncontrolling interests Net income Net income allocated to noncontrolling interests ) ) Distributions to: Preferred shareholders (Note 9) ) ) ) Noncontrolling interests ) ) Common shareholders and restricted share unitholders per share) 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income Balances at December 31, 2020 
 ) ) Issuance of preferred shares (Note 9) 
 ) Redemption of preferred shares (Note 9) 
 ) ) ) Issuance of common shares in connection with share-based compensation shares) (Note 11) 
 Share-based compensation expense, net of cash paid in lieu of common shares (Note 11) Acquisition of noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Contributions by noncontrolling interests Net income 

See accompanying notes. 
 F-6 

PUBLIC STORAGE 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY AND REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 Cumulative Preferred Shares Common Shares Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Public Storage Shareholders' Equity Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests Net income allocated to noncontrolling interests ) ) (470) Distributions to: Preferred shareholders (Note 9) ) ) ) Noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Common shareholders and restricted share unitholders per share) 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Balances at December 31, 2021 
 ) ) Issuance of preferred shares (Note 9) 
 ) Issuance of common shares in connection with share-based compensation shares) (Note 11) 
 Retirement of common shares shares) 
 ) Taxes paid upon net share settlement of restricted share units ) ) ) Share-based compensation expense (Note 11) Contributions by noncontrolling interests Reclassification from redeemable noncontrolling interests to noncontrolling interests ) Net income Net income allocated to noncontrolling interests ) ) (660) Distributions to: Preferred shareholders (Note 9) ) ) ) Noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Common shareholders and restricted share unitholders per share) 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Balances at December 31, 2022 
 ) ) 

See accompanying notes. 
 F-7 

PUBLIC STORAGE 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Amounts in thousands) 
 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows from operating activities: Gain on sale of equity investment in PS Business Parks, Inc. ) Gain on sale of real estate ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate entities ) ) ) Distributions from cumulative equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate entities Unrealized foreign currency exchange (gain) loss ) ) Share-based compensation expense Other Total adjustments ) Net cash flows from operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures to maintain real estate facilities ) ) ) Development and expansion of real estate facilities ) ) ) Acquisition of real estate facilities and intangible assets ) ) ) Distributions in excess of cumulative equity in earnings from unconsolidated real estate entities Repayment of note receivable Proceeds from sale of real estate investments Proceeds from sale of equity investment in PS Business Parks, Inc. Net cash flows from (used in) investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Repayments on notes payable ) ) ) Issuance of notes payable, net of issuance costs Issuance of preferred shares Issuance of common shares in connection with share-based compensation Redemption of preferred shares ) ) Taxes paid upon net share settlement of restricted share units ) ) ) Acquisition of noncontrolling interests ) ) Contributions by noncontrolling interests Distributions paid to preferred shareholders, common shareholders and restricted share unitholders ) ) ) Distributions paid to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Net cash flows (used in) from financing activities ) ) Net cash flows from operating, investing, and financing activities ) Net effect of foreign exchange impact on cash and equivalents, including restricted cash ) Increase (decrease) in cash and equivalents, including restricted cash ) 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 F-8 

PUBLIC STORAGE 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Amounts in thousands) 
 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash and equivalents, including restricted cash at beginning of the period: Cash and equivalents Restricted cash included in other assets Cash and equivalents, including restricted cash at end of the period: Cash and equivalents Restricted cash included in other assets Supplemental schedule of non-cash investing and financing activities: Costs incurred during the period remaining unpaid at period end for: Capital expenditures to maintain real estate facilities ) ) ) Construction or expansion of real estate facilities ) ) ) Real estate acquired in exchange for noncontrolling interests ) ) Real estate acquired in exchange for consideration payable ) Preferred shares called for redemption and reclassified to liabilities 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 F-9 

PUBLIC STORAGE 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

1. 
 self-storage facilities (with approximately million net rentable square feet) located in states in the United States U.S. operating under the Public Storage name, and million net rentable square feet of commercial and retail space. 
 At December 31, 2022, we owned a common equity interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited Shurgard ), a public company traded on the Euronext Brussels under the SHUR symbol, which owned self-storage facilities (with approximately million net rentable square feet) located in Western European countries, all operating under the Shurgard name. 
 On July 20, 2022, in connection with the closing of the merger of PS Business Parks, Inc. PSB with affiliates of Blackstone Real Estate Blackstone ), we completed the sale of our common equity interest in PSB in its entirety. Prior to the merger transaction, PSB was a REIT traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the PSB symbol, which owned commercial properties, primarily multi-tenant industrial, flex, and office space. Refer to Note 4. Investments in Unconsolidated Real Estate Entities for transaction information and our accounting treatment of the sale. 
 
 2. 
 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 F-10 

PUBLIC STORAGE 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

F-11 

PUBLIC STORAGE 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

to years. 
 When we sell a full or partial interest in a real estate facility without retaining a controlling interest following sale, we recognize a gain or loss on sale as if of the property was sold at fair value. If we retain a controlling interest following the sale, we record a noncontrolling interest for the book value of the partial interest sold, and recognize additional paid-in capital for the difference between the consideration received and the partial interest at book value. 
 
 F-12 

PUBLIC STORAGE 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

impairments were recorded in any of our evaluations for any period presented herein. 
 
 The Euro was translated at exchange rates of approximately U.S. Dollars per Euro at December 31, 2022 at December 31, 2021), and average exchange rates of , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 tax benefits that were not recognized. 
 F-13 

PUBLIC STORAGE 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

F-14 

PUBLIC STORAGE 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

3. 
 
 Capital expenditures to maintain real estate facilities Acquisitions Dispositions ) ) ) Developed or expanded facilities opened for operation Ending balance Accumulated depreciation: Beginning balance ) ) ) Depreciation expense ) ) ) Dispositions Ending balance ) ) ) Construction in process: Beginning balance Costs incurred to develop and expand real estate facilities Write-off of cancelled projects and transfer to other assets ) ) Developed or expanded facilities opened for operation ) ) ) Ending balance Total real estate facilities at December 31, 
 
 During 2022, we acquired self-storage facilities million net rentable square feet of storage space), for a total cost of million, consisting of million in cash and million in partnership units in one of our subsidiaries. Approximately million of the total cost was allocated to intangible assets. We completed development and redevelopment activities costing million during 2022, adding million net rentable square feet of self-storage space. Construction in process at December 31, 2022 consisted of projects to develop new self-storage facilities and expand existing self-storage facilities. During 2022, we wrote off million of accumulated development costs for cancelled development and redevelopment projects in construction in process as general and administrative expense. We also transferred million of land cost related to a cancelled development project to other assets at December 31, 2022. 
 Additionally, on July 8, 2022, we acquired from PSB the commercial interests in properties at sites jointly occupied with certain of our self-storage facilities located in Maryland and Virginia, for million. We recognized million of real estate assets and million of intangibles for the properties acquired, representing the cost of these commercial properties that we did not have interest in through our equity investment in PSB. We recognized the remaining million as an increase to our basis in our equity investment in PSB, which represents the elimination of our portion of the gain recorded by PSB. 
 During 2022, we sold portions of real estate facilities in connection with eminent domain proceedings for million in cash proceeds and recorded a related gain on sale of real estate of approximately million. 
 During 2021, we acquired self-storage facilities net rentable square feet of storage space), for a total cost of billion, consisting of billion in cash and million in partnership units in one of our subsidiaries. Approximately million of the total cost was allocated to intangible assets. We completed 
 F-15 

PUBLIC STORAGE 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

million during 2021, adding million net rentable square feet of self-storage space. During 2021, we sold portions of real estate facilities in connection with eminent domain proceedings for million in cash proceeds and recorded a related gain on sale of real estate of approximately million. 
 During 2020, we acquired self-storage facilities million net rentable square feet of storage space), for a total cost of million, which includes the assumption of a million liability. Approximately million of the total cost was allocated to intangible assets. We completed development and redevelopment activities costing million during 2020, adding million net rentable square feet of self-storage space. Included in general and administrative expense in 2020 is million in development projects that were cancelled. 
 At December 31, 2022, the adjusted basis of real estate facilities for U.S. federal tax purposes was approximately billion (unaudited). 
 
 4. 
 Shurgard Total 
 
 The following tables represent summarized financial information for PSB and Shurgard in aggregate derived from their respective reported financial statements prepared under US GAAP before our basis difference adjustments for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 (amounts in thousands). Due to the complete sale of our equity investment in PSB in July 2022, the summarized financial information for 2022 includes PSB's financial activities through June 30, 2022, which represents the most practical date of such reported information prior to the transaction. 
 F-16 

PUBLIC STORAGE 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Costs of operations Operating income Gain on sale of real estate Net Income 
 
 At December 31, 2022 2021 Real estate assets Other assets Total assets Debt Other liabilities Noncontrolling interests Shareholders' equity Total liabilities and equity 

Investment in PSB 
 Prior to the sale of our equity investment in PSB in its entirety on July 20, 2022, we owned shares of PSB s common stock and limited partnership units in an operating partnership controlled by PSB, representing a common equity interest in PSB. 
 On April 24, 2022, PSB entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger whereby affiliates of Blackstone agreed to acquire all outstanding shares of PSB s common stock for per share in cash. On July 20, 2022, PSB announced that it completed the merger transaction with Blackstone. Each share of PSB common stock and each common unit of partnership interest we held in PSB were converted into the right to receive the merger consideration of per share or unit, including a closing cash dividend per share or unit, and a prorated quarterly cash dividend per share or unit, for a total of per share or unit. At the close of the merger transaction, we received a total of billion of cash proceeds and recognized a gain of billion, which was classified within gain on sale of equity investment in PS Business Parks, Inc. in the Consolidated Statement of Income. 
 We classified billion of the proceeds from the merger consideration, or per share or unit within cash flows from investing activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for 2022. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, we received cash distributions from PSB totaling million (including the aforementioned closing cash dividend per share or unit and the prorated quarterly cash dividend per share or unit from the merger transaction), million and million, respectively, which were classified within cash flows from operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 Investment in Shurgard 
 Throughout all periods presented, we effectively owned, directly and indirectly Shurgard common shares, representing a equity interest in Shurgard. 
 Based upon the closing price at December 31, 2022 per share of Shurgard common stock, at exchange rate of U.S. Dollars to the Euro), the shares we owned had a market value of approximately billion. 
 F-17 

PUBLIC STORAGE 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

million, million and million of trademark license fees that Shurgard pays to us for the use of the Shurgard trademark, respectively. We eliminated million, million, and million of intra-entity profits and losses for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, representing our equity share of the trademark license fees. We classify the remaining license fees we receive from Shurgard as interest and other income on our income statement. 
 During 2022, 2021, and 2020, we received cash dividends from Shurgard totaling million, million and million, respectively. Approximately million, million and million of total cash distributions from Shurgard during the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, represented distributions in excess of cumulative equity in earnings from Shurgard, which was classified within cash flows from investing activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 At December 31, 2022, our investment in Shurgard s real estate assets exceeded our pro-rata share of the underlying amounts on Shurgard s balance sheet by approximately million million at December 31, 2021). This differential (the Shurgard Basis Differential includes our basis adjustments in Shurgard s real estate assets net of related deferred income taxes. The Shurgard Basis Differential is being amortized as a reduction to equity in earnings of the Unconsolidated Real Estate Entities. Such amortization totaled approximately million, million and million during 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 Shurgard is a publicly held entity trading on Euronext Brussels under the symbol SHUR . 
 
 5. 
 
 Shurgard Trade Name Finite-lived intangible assets, subject to amortization ) ) Total goodwill and other intangible assets ) ) 
 
 Finite-lived intangible assets consist primarily of acquired customers in place. Amortization expense related to intangible assets subject to amortization was million, million and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. During 2022, 2021, and 2020, intangibles increased million, million, and million, respectively, in connection with the acquisition of real estate facilities (Note 3). 
 The remaining amortization expense will be recognized over a weighted average life of approximately years. 
 2024 Thereafter Total 
 F-18 

PUBLIC STORAGE 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

6. 
 million borrowing limit that matures on April 19, 2024. Amounts drawn on the Credit Facility bear annual interest at rates ranging from LIBOR plus to LIBOR plus depending upon the ratio of our Total Indebtedness to Gross Asset Value (as defined in the Credit Facility) (LIBOR plus at December 31, 2022). We are also required to pay a quarterly facility fee ranging from per annum to per annum depending upon the ratio of our Total Indebtedness to our Gross Asset Value per annum at December 31, 2022). At December 31, 2022 and February 21, 2023, we had outstanding borrowings under this Credit Facility. We had undrawn standby letters of credit, which reduce our borrowing capacity, totaling million at December 31, 2022 million at December 31, 2021). The Credit Facility has various customary restrictive covenants with which we were in compliance at December 31, 2022. 
 
 7. 

) Notes due February 15, 2026 
 ) Notes due November 9, 2026 ) Notes due September 15, 2027 
 ) Notes due May 1, 2028 
 ) Notes due November 9, 2028 ) Notes due May 1, 2029 
 ) Notes due May 1, 2031 
 ) Notes due November 9, 2031 ) ) Euro Denominated Unsecured Debt Notes due April 12, 2024 
 Notes due November 3, 2025 
 Notes due September 9, 2030 ) Notes due January 24, 2032 
 ) ) Mortgage Debt , secured by real estate facilities with a net book value of million 
 ) 
 
 F-19 

PUBLIC STORAGE 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Notes due April 23, 2024 Notes due February 15, 2026 Notes due November 9, 2026 Notes due September 15, 2027 Notes due May 1, 2028 Notes due November 9, 2028 Notes due May 1, 2029 Notes due May 1, 2031 Notes due November 9, 2031 Euro Denominated Unsecured Debt Notes due April 12, 2024 Notes due November 3, 2025 Notes due September 9, 2030 Notes due January 24, 2032 Mortgage Debt 
 
 U.S. Dollar Denominated Unsecured Notes 
 On August 15, 2022, the Company redeemed its Senior Notes due September 15, 2022, with an aggregate principal amount of million. 
 On January 19, 2021, we completed a public offering of million aggregate principal amount of senior notes bearing interest at an annual rate of and maturing on February 15, 2026. Interest on the senior notes is payable semi-annually, commencing on August 15, 2021. In connection with the offering, we incurred million in costs. 
 On April 23, 2021, we completed a public offering of million, million, and million aggregate principal amount of senior notes bearing interest at an annual rate of the Compounded Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus (reset quarterly and at as of December 31, 2022), , and , respectively, and maturing on April 23, 2024, May 1, 2028, and May 1, 2031, respectively. Interest on the 2024 notes is payable quarterly, commencing on July 23, 2021. Interest on the 2028 notes and 2031 notes is payable semi-annually, commencing on November 1, 2021. In connection with the offering, we incurred a total of million in costs. 
 On November 9, 2021, we completed a public offering of million, million, and million aggregate principal amount of senior notes bearing interest at an annual rate of , , and , respectively, and maturing on November 9, 2026, November 9, 2028, and November 9, 2031, respectively. Interest on the senior notes is payable semi-annually, commencing on May 9, 2022. In connection with the offering, we incurred a total of million in costs. 
 F-20 

PUBLIC STORAGE 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

(approximately at December 31, 2022) and (b) a minimum ratio of Adjusted EBITDA to Interest Expense of x (approximately x for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022) as well as covenants limiting the amount we can encumber our properties with mortgage debt. 
 Euro Denominated Unsecured Notes 
 Our Euro denominated unsecured notes (the Euro Notes consist of tranches: (i) million issued to institutional investors on November 3, 2015, (ii) million issued to institutional investors on April 12, 2016, (iii) million issued in a public offering on January 24, 2020, and (iv) million issued in a public offering on September 9, 2021. Interest is payable semi-annually on the notes issued November 3, 2015 and April 12, 2016, and annually on the notes issued January 24, 2020 and September 9, 2021.The Euro Notes have financial covenants similar to those of the U.S. Dollar Denominated Unsecured Notes. 
 We reflect changes in the U.S. Dollar equivalent of the amount payable including the associated interest, as a result of changes in foreign exchange rates as Foreign currency exchange gain (loss) on our income statement (gains of million for 2022, as compared to gains of million for 2021 and losses of million for 2020). 
 Mortgage Notes 
 We assumed our non-recourse mortgage debt in connection with property acquisitions, and we recorded such debt at fair value with any premium or discount to the stated note balance amortized using the effective interest method. 
 At December 31, 2022, the related contractual interest rates of our mortgage notes are fixed, ranging between and , and mature between November 1, 2023 and July 1, 2030. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Weighted average effective rate 
 Cash paid for interest totaled million, million, and million for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Interest capitalized as real estate totaled million, million and million for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 8. 
 partnership units to third-parties that are convertible on a -for-one basis (subject to certain limitations) into common shares of the Company at the request of the unitholder. These include a total of partnership units of million issued to third-parties in connection with our acquisition of self-storage properties in 2022. 
 F-21 

PUBLIC STORAGE 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

partnership units of million classified as redeemable noncontrolling interests outside of total equity in our consolidated balance sheets, because the unitholders of these partnership units had the right to require redemption of their partnership units in cash if common shares of the Company were not publicly listed. In the second quarter of 2022, the related partnership agreements were amended with such cash redemption feature removed from these partnership units. We therefore reclassified million from redeemable noncontrolling interests to noncontrolling interests in total equity during the three months ended June 30, 2022. 
 
 9. 
 
 Series G Series H Series I Series J Series K Series L Series M Series N Series O Series P Series Q Series R Series S Total Preferred Shares 
 The holders of our Preferred Shares have general preference rights with respect to liquidation, quarterly distributions, and any accumulated unpaid distributions. Except as noted below, holders of the Preferred Shares do not have voting rights. In the event of a cumulative arrearage equal to quarterly dividends, holders of all outstanding series of preferred shares (voting as a single class without regard to series) will have the right to elect additional members to serve on our Board of Trustees (our Board until the arrearage has been cured. At December 31, 2022, there were dividends in arrears. The affirmative vote of at least of the outstanding shares of a series of Preferred Shares is required for any material and adverse amendment to the terms of such series. The affirmative vote of at least of the outstanding shares of all of our Preferred Shares, voting as a single class, is required to issue shares ranking senior to our Preferred Shares. 
 Except under certain conditions relating to the Company s qualification as a REIT, the Preferred Shares are not redeemable prior to the dates indicated on the table above. On or after the respective dates, each of the series of Preferred Shares is redeemable at our option, in whole or in part, at per depositary share, plus accrued and unpaid dividends. Holders of the Preferred Shares cannot require us to redeem such shares. 
 F-22 

PUBLIC STORAGE 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

per depository share with each depository share representing of a share of Preferred Share (amounts in thousands): 
 Year Series Shares Gross Proceeds Issuance Costs 2022 S 2021 P, Q and R 2020 L, M, N and O 
 During 2021 and 2020, we redeemed the following series of Preferred Shares at par (none in 2022) (amounts in thousands): 
 Year Series Aggregate Redemption Amount Allocation of Income to Preferred Shares Holders in Connection with Redemption 
 2021 C, D and E 2020 (a) V, W, X and B 
 (a) On December 14, 2020, we called for redemption of, and on January 20, 2021, we redeemed Series B Preferred Shares. The liquidation value (at par) was reclassified as a liability as of December 31, 2020 and we recorded allocation of income to the holders of our Preferred Shares in 2020 in connection with this redemption. 
 Common Shares 
 
 Our Board previously authorized the repurchase from time to time of up to million of our common shares on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. Through December 31, 2022, we repurchased approximately million shares pursuant to this authorization; of which were repurchased during the three years ended December 31, 2022. 
 The unaudited characterization of dividends for U.S. federal corporate income tax purposes is made based upon earnings and profits of the Company, as defined by the Code. Common share dividends paid, including amounts paid to our restricted share unitholders, totaled billion per share), billion per share), and billion per share) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Included in common share dividends paid during 2022 is billion of a special cash dividend Special Dividend of per common share paid on August 4, 2022 in connection with the sale of our equity investment in PSB on July 20, 2022. Preferred share dividends totaled million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 F-23 

PUBLIC STORAGE 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Capital Gain Distributions Total 
 The ordinary income dividends distributed for the tax year ended December 31, 2022 are not qualified dividends under the Internal Revenue Code; however, they are subject to the 20 deduction under IRS Section 199A. 
 
 10. 
 equity interest in, and is a manager of, a limited liability company that owns self-storage facilities in Canada. of Ms. Gustavson s adult children owned the remaining equity interest in the limited liability company. These facilities operate under the Public Storage tradename, which we license to the owners of these facilities for use in Canada on a royalty-free, non-exclusive basis. We have ownership interest in these facilities and we do not own or operate any facilities in Canada. If we chose to acquire or develop our own facilities in Canada, we would have to share the use of the Public Storage name in Canada. We have a right of first refusal, subject to limitations, to acquire the stock or assets of the corporation engaged in the operation of these facilities if their owners agree to sell them. Our subsidiaries reinsure risks relating to loss of goods stored by customers in these facilities, and have received premium payments of approximately million, million and million for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 On July 8, 2022, we acquired from PSB the commercial interests in properties at sites jointly occupied with certain of our self-storage facilities located in Maryland and Virginia, for million. We recognized million of real estate assets and million of intangibles for the properties acquired, representing the cost of these commercial properties that we did not have interest in through our equity investment in PSB. We recognized the remaining million as an increase in our basis in our equity investment in PSB, which represents the elimination of our portion of the gain recorded by PSB. 
 
 11. 
 shares available for future issuance of equity-based awards. As of December 31, 2022, there were a total of shares reserved for granting of future options and stock awards under the 2021 Plan. 
 million and million share-based compensation cost was capitalized as real estate facilities for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively in 2020). 
 F-24 

PUBLIC STORAGE 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Ancillary cost of operations General and administrative Total 
 
 Included in share-based compensation is million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, of retirement acceleration as discussed in Note 2. 
 Stock Options 
 We have service-based and performance-based stock options outstanding. Performance-based stock options outstanding vest upon meeting certain performance conditions or market conditions. Stock options generally vest over to years, expire years after the grant date, and have an exercise price equal to the closing trading price of our common shares on the grant date. New shares are issued for options exercised. Employees cannot require the Company to settle their award in cash. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we incurred share-based compensation cost for outstanding stock options of million, million and million, respectively. 
 During 2022, we granted stock options in connection with non-management trustee compensation. We also granted stock options, of which vesting is dependent upon meeting certain market conditions over the period from January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2024, with continued service-based vesting through the first quarter of 2027. These stock options require relative achievement of the Company s total shareholder return as compared to the weighted average total shareholder return of specified peer groups and can result in grantees earning up to of the target options originally granted. 
 During 2021, stock options were awarded where vesting is dependent upon meeting certain performance targets over the period from January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2023, which are considered performance conditions, with continued service-based vesting through the first quarter of 2026. These awards contain a relative Total Shareholder Return modifier that will adjust the payout based on relative performance as compared to the market. As of December 31, 2022, these performance targets were expected to be met at achievement, an increase from as of December 31, 2021. 
 During 2020, stock options were awarded where vesting is dependent upon meeting certain performance targets over the period from January 1, 2020 through December 31, 2022, which are considered performance conditions, with continued service-based vesting through the first quarter of 2025. These performance targets were met at achievement at December 31, 2022. 
 The stock options outstanding at December 31, 2022 have an aggregate intrinsic value (the excess, if any, of each option s market value over the exercise price) of approximately million and remaining average contractual lives of approximately . Total compensation cost related to nonvested stock options that has not yet been recognized is million and is expected to be recognized as compensation cost over approximately on average. Exercisable stock options have an aggregate intrinsic value of approximately million at December 31, 2022 and remaining average contractual lives of approximately . 
 
 F-25 

PUBLIC STORAGE 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Granted Exercised ) ) ) ) Cancelled ) ) ) ) ) ) Options outstanding December 31, 2020 
 Granted (a) Exercised ) ) ) ) Cancelled ) ) ) ) Options outstanding December 31, 2021 
 Granted (b) Special dividend adjustment (c) N/A N/A N/A Exercised ) ) ) ) ) ) Cancelled Options outstanding December 31, 2022 (d) 
 Options exercisable at December 31, 2022 (d) 
 
 Average assumptions used in valuing options with the Black-Scholes method: Expected life of options in years Risk-free interest rate Expected volatility, based upon historical volatility Expected dividend yield Average assumptions used in valuing options with market conditions with the Monte-Carlo simulation method: Expected life of options in years Risk-free interest rate Expected volatility, based upon historical volatility Expected dividend yield Average estimated value of options granted during the year 
 (a) Amount granted for performance-based stock options includes performance adjustments above target for options granted in 2020. 
 (b) Amount granted for performance-based stock options includes performance adjustments above target for options granted in 2021. 
 (c) On August 4, 2022, we paid a Special Dividend of per common share to shareholders of record as of August 1, 2022. Stock options that were outstanding at the time of the Special Dividend were adjusted pursuant to the anti-dilution provisions of the Company s applicable equity and performance-based incentive compensation plans that provide for equitable adjustments in the event of an extraordinary cash dividend. The anti-dilution adjustments 
 F-26 

PUBLIC STORAGE 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

, resulting in an increase of stock options outstanding. The adjustments did not result in incremental share-based compensation expense. 
 (d) The weighted average exercise price of options outstanding and options exercisable at December 31, 2022 reflect the adjusted exercise price post the anti-dilution adjustment on August 3, 2022. 
 Restricted Share Units 
 We have service-based and performance-based RSUs outstanding, which generally vest over to years from the grant date. Performance-based RSUs outstanding vest upon meeting certain performance conditions or market conditions. The grantee receives dividends for each outstanding RSU equal to the per-share dividends received by our common shareholders. We expense any dividends previously paid upon forfeiture of the related RSU. Upon vesting, the grantee receives new common shares equal to the number of vested RSUs, less common shares withheld to satisfy the grantee s statutory tax liabilities arising from the vesting. 
 The fair value of our RSUs is determined based upon the applicable closing trading price of our common shares. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we incurred share-based compensation cost for RSUs of million, million, and million, respectively. 
 During 2022, RSUs were awarded where vesting is dependent upon meeting certain market conditions over a period from January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2024, with continued service-based vesting through the first quarter of 2027. The amount of these RSUs that are earned and vested, if any, will be based, in addition to continued employment requirements, on the Company's relative total shareholder return over the period as compared to the weighted average total shareholder return of the specified peer groups and can result in grantees earning up to of the target RSUs originally granted. 
 During 2021, RSUs were awarded where vesting is dependent upon meeting certain performance targets for 2021, which are considered performance conditions, with continued service-based vesting through the first quarter of 2026. As of December 31, 2021, these targets were met at achievement. 
 Remaining compensation cost related to RSUs outstanding at December 31, 2022 totals approximately million and is expected to be recognized over the next on average. 
 F-27 

PUBLIC STORAGE 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

Granted Vested ) ) ) ) Forfeited ) ) ) ) Restricted share units outstanding December 31, 2020 Granted (a) Vested ) ) ) ) Forfeited ) ) ) ) Restricted share units outstanding December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) ) ) ) Forfeited ) ) ) ) Restricted share units outstanding December 31, 2022 
 
 Cash paid for taxes upon vesting in lieu of issuing common shares Common shares issued upon vesting Average assumptions used in valuing restricted share units with market conditions with the Monte-Carlo simulation method: Time from the valuation date to the end of the performance period Risk-free interest rate Expected volatility, based upon historical volatility Expected dividend yield Average estimated value of restricted share units granted during the year 
 (a) Amount includes adjustments above target for performance-based RSUs granted in fiscal year 2021 based on achievement of performance criteria. 
 Trustee Deferral Program 
 DSUs and unrestricted common shares. 
 F-28 

PUBLIC STORAGE 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

12. 
 common shares were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2022, because their effect would have been antidilutive. 
 Denominator for basic net income per share - weighted average common shares outstanding Net effect of dilutive stock options - based on treasury stock method Denominator for dilutive net income per share - weighted average common shares outstanding Net income per common share: Basic Dilutive 

F-29 

PUBLIC STORAGE 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

13. 
 Cost of operations ) ) ) Net operating income Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) Net income Ancillary Operations Revenue Cost of operations ) ) ) Net operating income Total net income allocated to segments Other items not allocated to segments: General and administrative ) ) ) Interest and other income Interest expense ) ) ) Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate entities Foreign currency exchange gain (loss) ) Gain on sale of real estate Gain on sale of equity investment in PS Business Parks, Inc. Net income 
 F-30 

PUBLIC STORAGE 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 December 31, 2022 

14. 
 million per occurrence. Our annual deductible for property loss is million per occurrence. This deductible decreases to million once we reach million in aggregate losses for occurrences that exceed million. Insurance carriers aggregate limits on these policies of million for property losses and million for general liability losses are higher than estimates of maximum probable losses that could occur from individual catastrophic events determined in recent engineering and actuarial studies; however, in case of multiple catastrophic events, these limits could be exceeded. 
 We reinsure a program that provides insurance to our customers from an independent third-party insurer. This program covers customer claims for losses to goods stored at our facilities as a result of specific named perils (earthquakes are not covered by this program), up to a maximum limit of per storage unit. We reinsure all risks in this program, but purchase insurance to cover this exposure for a limit of million for losses in excess of million per occurrence. We are subject to licensing requirements and regulations in all states. Customers participate in the program at their option. At December 31, 2022, there were approximately million certificates held by our self-storage customers, representing aggregate coverage of approximately billion. 
 Commitments 
 We have construction commitments representing future expected payments for construction under contract totaling million at December 31, 2022. We expect to pay approximately million in 2023 and million in 2024 for these construction commitments. 
 We have future contractual payments on land, equipment and office space under various lease commitments totaling million at December 31, 2022. We expect to pay approximately million in each of 2023 and 2024, million in each of 2025 and 2026, million in 2027 and million thereafter for these commitments. 
 
 15. 
 self-storage facilities across states with million net rentable square feet, for million. 
 On February 4, 2023, our Board of Trustees declared a increase in its regular common quarterly dividend from to per share, payable on March 30, 2023 to shareholders of record as of March 15, 2023. The distribution equates to an annualized increase to the Company s regular common dividend from to per share. 
 F-31 

PUBLIC STORAGE 
 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE 
 AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 
 (Amounts in thousands, except number of properties) 

 Dallas/Ft. Worth Houston San Francisco Chicago Washington DC Atlanta Seattle/Tacoma Miami New York Orlando/Daytona Denver Minneapolis/St. Paul Philadelphia Charlotte Tampa Detroit Portland Baltimore Phoenix West Palm Beach San Antonio Austin Raleigh Norfolk Sacramento Indianapolis Kansas City Boston St. Louis Columbus Columbia Oklahoma City San Diego Las Vegas Cincinnati 
 F-32 

PUBLIC STORAGE 
 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE 
 AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 
 (Amounts in thousands, except number of properties) 

 Colorado Springs Milwaukee Louisville Jacksonville Birmingham Richmond Greensboro Charleston Fort Myers/Naples Chattanooga Savannah Greensville/Spartanburg/Asheville Honolulu Hartford/New Haven New Orleans Salt Lake City Memphis Mobile Omaha Buffalo/Rochester Cleveland/Akron Augusta Reno Tucson Wichita Monterey/Salinas Boise Evansville Dayton Huntsville/Decatur Fort Wayne Roanoke Palm Springs Providence Shreveport Springfield/Holyoke 
 F-33 

PUBLIC STORAGE 
 SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE 
 AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION 
 (Amounts in thousands, except number of properties) 

 Santa Barbara Topeka Lansing Flint Joplin Syracuse Modesto/Fresno/Stockton Commercial and non-operating real estate 
 Note: Buildings and improvements are depreciated on a straight-line basis over estimated useful lives ranging generally between to years. In addition, disclosures of the number and square footage of our facilities are unaudited. 
 F-34 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 psa-123122xex3_1restatedde.htm
 EX-3.1

Document 
 Exhibit 3.1 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 
 
 RESTATED DECLARATION OF TRUST 1 

ARTICLE I 
 FORMATION 
 
 Public Storage (the Trust is a real estate investment trust within the meaning of the Maryland REIT Law. The Trust shall not be deemed to be a general partnership, limited partnership, joint venture, joint stock company or a corporation (but nothing herein shall preclude the Trust from being treated for tax purposes as an association under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code )). 
 
 ARTICLE II 
 NAME 
 
 The name of the Trust is Public Storage. 
 
 The Board of Trustees of the Trust (the Board of Trustees or Board may change the name of the Trust without approval of the shareholders. 
 
 ARTICLE III 
 PURPOSES AND POWERS 
 
 Section 3.1 Purposes . The purposes for which the Trust is formed are to engage in any lawful act or activity, including, without limitation or obligation, to invest in and to acquire, hold, manage, administer, control and dispose of property (including mortgages) including, without limitation or obligation, engaging in business as a real estate investment trust REIT under the Code. 
 
 Section 3.2 Powers . The Trust shall have all of the powers granted to real estate investment trusts by the Maryland REIT Law and all other powers set forth in the Declaration of Trust that are not inconsistent with law and are appropriate to promote and attain the purposes set forth in the Declaration of Trust. 
 
 ARTICLE IV 
 RESIDENT AGENT 
 
 The name of the resident agent of the Trust in the State of Maryland is The Corporation Trust Incorporated, whose post office address is 2405 York Road, Suite 201, Lutherville Timonium, Maryland 12093. The resident agent is a Maryland corporation. The Trust may have such offices or places of business within or outside the State of Maryland as the Board of Trustees may from time to time determine. 
 
 ARTICLE V 
 BOARD OF TRUSTEES 
 
 Section 5.1 Powers . Subject to any express limitations contained in the Declaration of Trust or in the Bylaws, (a) the business and affairs of the Trust shall be managed under the direction of the Board of Trustees and (b) the Board shall have full, exclusive and absolute power, control and authority over any and all property of the Trust. The Board may take any action as in its sole judgment and discretion is necessary or appropriate to conduct the business and affairs of the Trust. The Declaration of Trust shall be construed with the presumption in favor of the grant of power and authority to the Board. Any construction of the Declaration of Trust or determination made in good faith by the Board concerning its powers and authority hereunder shall be conclusive. The enumeration and definition of particular powers of the Trustees included in the Declaration of Trust or in the Bylaws shall in no way be limited or restricted by reference to or inference from the terms of this or any other provision of the Declaration of Trust or the Bylaws or construed or deemed by inference or otherwise in any manner to exclude or limit the powers conferred upon the Board or the Trustees under the general laws of the State of Maryland or any other applicable laws. 
 
 1 This Restated Declaration of Trust is a composite Declaration of Trust and reflects the amendments to (i) Article VIII, Section 8.2(b) of the Declaration of Trust filed with the State of Maryland on April 28, 2021 and (ii) Article X, Section 10.3 of the Declaration of Trust filed with the State of Maryland on April 29, 2022. 

The Board shall have the authority to cause the Trust to elect to qualify for federal income tax treatment as a REIT. Following such election, if the Board determines that it is no longer in the best interests of the Trust to continue to be qualified as a REIT, the Board may revoke or otherwise terminate the Trust s REIT election pursuant to Section 856(g) of the Code. 
 
 The Board, without any action by the shareholders of the Trust, shall have and may exercise, on behalf of the Trust, without limitation, the power to determine that compliance with any restriction or limitations on ownership and transfers of shares of the Trust s beneficial interest set forth in Article VII of the Declaration of Trust is no longer required in order for the Trust to qualify as a REIT to adopt Bylaws of the Trust, which may thereafter be amended or repealed as provided therein to elect officers in the manner prescribed in the Bylaws to solicit proxies from holders of shares of beneficial interest of the Trust and to do any other acts and deliver any other documents necessary or appropriate to the foregoing powers. 
 
 Section 5.2 Number . The number of Trustees (hereinafter the Trustees is currently set at ten (10), but may hereafter be increased to a maximum of fifteen (15) or decreased to not fewer than three (3) pursuant to the Bylaws. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if for any reason any or all of the Trustees cease to be Trustees, such event shall not terminate the Trust or affect the Declaration of Trust or the powers of the remaining Trustees. 
 The Trustees may increase the number of Trustees and fill any vacancy, whether resulting from an increase in the number of Trustees or otherwise, on the Board of Trustees. Election of Trustees by shareholders shall require the vote and be in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Bylaws. 
 
 It shall not be necessary to list in the Declaration of Trust the names and addresses of any Trustees hereinafter elected. 
 
 Section 5.3 Resignation or Removal . Any Trustee may resign by written notice to the Board, effective upon execution and delivery to the Trust of such written notice or upon any future date specified in the notice. Subject to the rights of holders of one or more classes or series of Preferred Shares, as hereinafter defined, to elect one or more Trustees, a Trustee may be removed at any time, but only with cause, at a meeting of the shareholders, by the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than two thirds of the Shares then outstanding and entitled to vote generally in the election of Trustees. 
 
 Section 5.4 Term . The Trustees shall be elected at each annual meeting of the Shareholders and shall serve until the next annual meeting of the Shareholders and until their successors are duly elected and qualified. 
 
 Section 5.5 Determinations by Board . The determination as to any of the following matters, made in good faith by or pursuant to the direction of the Board of Trustees consistent with the Declaration of Trust, shall be final and conclusive and shall be binding upon the Trust and every holder of Shares the amount of the net income of the Trust for any period and the amount of assets at any time legally available for the payment of dividends, redemption of Shares or the payment of other distributions on Shares the amount of paid-in surplus, net assets, other surplus, annual or other cash flow, funds from operations, net profit, net assets in excess of capital, undivided profits or excess of profits over losses on sales of assets the amount, purpose, time of creation, increase or decrease, alteration or cancellation of any reserves or charges and the propriety thereof (whether or not any obligation or liability for which such reserves or charges shall have been created shall have been paid or discharged) any interpretation of the terms, preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers or rights, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or distributions, qualifications or terms or conditions of redemption of any class or series of Shares the fair value, or any sale, bid or asked price to be applied in determining the fair value, of any asset owned or held by the Trust or of any Shares the number of Shares of any class of the Trust any matter relating to the acquisition, holding and disposition of any assets by the Trust or any other matter relating to the business and affairs of the Trust or required or permitted by applicable law, the Declaration of Trust or Bylaws or otherwise to be determined by the Board of Trustees. 

2 

ARTICLE VI 
 SHARES OF BENEFICIAL INTEREST 
 
 Section 6.1 Authorized Shares . The beneficial interest of the Trust shall be divided into shares of beneficial interest (the Shares ). The total number of Shares of all classes that the Trust has authority to issue is 850,000,000, of which 650,000,000 Shares are initially classified as common shares of beneficial interest, 0.10 par value per share Common Shares ), 100,000,000 Shares are initially classified as equity shares of beneficial interest, 0.01 par value per share Equity Shares ), and 100,000,000 Shares are initially classified as preferred shares of beneficial interest, 0.01 par value per share Preferred Shares ). The Board is authorized to classify and reclassify any unissued Shares of any class or series of shares of beneficial interest into Shares of another class or series of shares of beneficial interest. If shares of one class are classified or reclassified into shares of another class of shares pursuant to this Article VI, the number of authorized shares of the former class shall be automatically decreased and the number of shares of the latter class shall be automatically increased, in each case by the number of shares so classified or reclassified, so that the aggregate number of shares of beneficial interest of all classes that the Trust has authority to issue shall not be more than the total number of shares of beneficial interest set forth in the second sentence of this paragraph. 
 
 Section 6.2 Common Shares . Subject to the provisions of Article VII, each Common Share shall entitle the holder thereof to one vote on each matter upon which holders of Common Shares are entitled to vote. 
 
 Section 6.3. Equity Shares . The Board of Trustees may classify any unissued Equity Shares and reclassify any previously classified but unissued Equity Shares of any series from time to time, into one or more classes or series of common shares, equity shares or preferred shares. 
 
 Section 6.4 Preferred Shares . The Board of Trustees may classify any unissued Preferred Shares and reclassify any previously classified but unissued Preferred Shares of any series from time to time, into one or more classes or series of common shares, equity shares or preferred shares. 
 
 Section 6.5 Classified or Reclassified Shares . Prior to issuance of any Shares classified or reclassified, the Board of Trustees by resolution shall (a) designate that class or series to distinguish it from all other classes and series of Shares (b) specify the number of Shares to be included in the class or series (c) set, subject to the provisions of Article VII and subject to the express terms of any class or series of Shares outstanding at the time, the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption for each class or series and (d) cause the Trust to file articles supplementary with the Maryland State Department of Assessments and Taxation (the SDAT ). Any of the terms of any class or series of Shares set pursuant to clause (c) of this Section 6.5 may be made dependent upon facts ascertainable outside the Declaration of Trust (including the occurrence of any event, including a determination or action by the Trust or any other person or body) and may vary among holders thereof, provided that the manner in which such facts or variations shall operate upon the terms of such class or series of Shares is clearly and expressly set forth in the articles supplementary filed with the SDAT. 
 
 Section 6.6 Dividends and Distributions . The Board of Trustees may from time to time authorize and the Trust shall declare to shareholders such dividends or distributions in cash or other assets of the Trust or in securities of the Trust or from another source as the Board of Trustees in its discretion shall determine. The Board of Trustees shall endeavor to authorize, and the Trust shall declare and pay, such dividends and distributions as shall be necessary for the Trust to qualify as a REIT under the Code however, shareholders shall have no right to any dividend or distribution unless and until authorized by the Board and declared and publicly disclosed by the Trust. The exercise of the powers and rights of the Board of Trustees pursuant to this Section 6.6 shall be subject to the preferences of any class or series of Shares at the time outstanding. 
 
 Section 6.7 Transferable Shares Preferential Dividends . Notwithstanding any other provision in the Declaration of Trust, no determination shall be made by the Board of Trustees nor shall any transaction be entered into by the Trust that would cause any Shares or other beneficial interest in the Trust not to constitute transferable shares or transferable certificates of beneficial interest under Section 856(a)(2) of the Code or that would cause any distribution to constitute a preferential dividend as described in Section 562(c) of the Code. 
 
 Section 6.8 General Nature of Shares . All Shares shall be personal property entitling the shareholders only to those rights provided in the Declaration of Trust. The shareholders shall have no interest in the property of the Trust 
 3 

and shall have no right to compel any partition, division, dividend or distribution of the Trust or of the property of the Trust. The death of a shareholder shall not terminate the Trust. The Trust is entitled to treat as shareholders only those persons in whose names Shares are registered as holders of Shares on the share ledger of the Trust. 
 
 Section 6.9 Fractional Shares . The Trust may, without the consent or approval of any shareholder, issue fractional Shares, eliminate a fraction of a Share by rounding up or down to a full Share, arrange for the disposition of a fraction of a Share by the person entitled to it, or pay cash for the fair value of a fraction of a Share. 
 
 Section 6.10 Divisions and Combinations of Shares . Subject to an express provision to the contrary in the terms of any class or series of beneficial interest hereafter authorized, the Board of Trustees shall have the power to divide or combine the outstanding shares of any class or series of beneficial interest, without a vote of shareholders. 
 
 Section 6.11 Declaration of Trust and Bylaws . All persons who shall acquire a Share shall acquire the same subject to the provisions of the Declaration of Trust and the Bylaws. 
 
 ARTICLE VII 
 RESTRICTION ON TRANSFER AND OWNERSHIP OF SHARES 
 
 Section 7.1 Definitions . For the purpose of this Article VII, the following terms shall have the following meanings 
 
 Beneficial Ownership . The term Beneficial Ownership shall mean ownership of Shares by a Person, whether the interest in Shares is held directly or indirectly (including by a nominee), and shall include interests that would be treated as owned through the application of Section 544 of the Code, as modified by Sections 856(h)(1)(B) and 856(h)(3) of the Code. The terms Beneficial Owner, Beneficially Owns and Beneficially Owned shall have the correlative meanings. 
 
 Business Day . The term Business Day shall mean any day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, that is neither a legal holiday nor a day on which banking institutions in New York, New York are authorized or required by law, regulation or executive order to close. 
 
 Charitable Beneficiary . The term Charitable Beneficiary shall mean one or more beneficiaries of the Charitable Trust as determined pursuant to Section 7.3.7, provided that each such organization must be described in Sections 501(c)(3), 170(b)(1)(A) and 170(c)(2) of the Code. 
 
 Charitable Trust . The term Charitable Trust shall mean any trust provided for in Section 7.2.1(b)(i) and Section 7.3.1. 
 
 Charitable Trustee . The term Charitable Trustee shall mean the Person unaffiliated with the Trust and a Prohibited Owner, that is appointed by the Trust to serve as trustee of the Charitable Trust. 
 
 Code . The term Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. 
 
 Declaration of Trust . The term Declaration of Trust shall mean this Declaration of Trust as filed for record with the SDAT, and any amendments and supplements thereto. 
 
 Designated Investment Entity . The term Designated Investment Entity shall mean either (i) a pension trust that qualifies for look-through treatment under Section 856(h) of the Code, (ii) an entity that qualifies as a regulated investment company under Section 851 of the Code, or (iii) a Qualified Investment Manager provided that each beneficial owner of such entity, or in the case of a Qualified Investment Manager holding Shares solely for the benefit of its customers, each such customer, would satisfy the Ownership Limit if such beneficial owner owned directly its proportionate share of the Shares that are held by such Designated Investment Entity. 
 
 Designated Investment Entity Limit . The term Designated Investment Entity Limit shall mean (i) with respect to any class or series of Common Shares, 9.9 (in value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the outstanding shares of such class or series of Common Shares of the Trust and (ii) with respect to any class or series of Preferred Shares or Equity Shares, as the case may be, 100 of the outstanding shares of such class or series of Preferred Shares or Equity Shares, as the case may be, of the Trust. 
 4 

Excepted Holder . The term Excepted Holder shall mean B. Wayne Hughes, Tamara Hughes Gustavson, B. Wayne Hughes Jr., each of their respective spouses, children (and their respective spouses), and grandchildren (and their respective spouses) (such individuals being referred to as Hughes Family Members ), any Person who is or would be a Beneficial Owner of Common Shares as a result of the Beneficial Ownership of Common Shares by any Hughes Family Member, B.W. Hughes Living Trust, B. Wayne Hughes 5-04 Annuity Trust, B. Wayne Hughes 6-04 Annuity Trust, B. Wayne Hughes 9-05 Annuity Trust, American Commercial Equities, LLC, and American Commercial Equities Two, LLC, and any Person whose Beneficial Ownership of Common Shares would cause a Hughes Family Member to be considered the Beneficial Owner of such Common Shares (Excepted Holder status shall apply to Persons in this final category solely to the extent of the deemed Beneficial Ownership held by such Hughes Family Members) (collectively, the Excepted Holders ). 
 
 Excepted Holder Limit . The term Excepted Holder Limit shall mean as follows 
 
 (1) With respect to any class or series of Common Shares, no Excepted Holder shall be permitted to Beneficially Own any class or series of Common Shares to the extent that, as a result of such Beneficial Ownership 
 
 (A) any single Excepted Holder who is considered an individual for purposes of Section 542(a)(2) of the Code would be considered to Beneficially Own more than 35.66 of the outstanding shares of any such class or series 
 
 (B) any two Excepted Holders who are considered individuals for purposes of Section 542(a)(2) of the Code would be considered to Beneficially Own more than 38.66 of the outstanding shares of any such class or series 
 
 (C) any three Excepted Holders who are considered individuals for purposes of Section 542(a)(2) of the Code would be considered to Beneficially Own more than 41.66 of the outstanding shares of any such class or series 
 
 (D) any four Excepted Holders who are considered individuals for purposes of Section 542(a)(2) of the Code would be considered to Beneficially Own more than 44.66 of the outstanding shares of any such class or series or 
 
 (E) any five Excepted Holders who are considered individuals for purposes of Section 542(a)(2) of the Code would be considered to Beneficially Own more than 47.66 of the outstanding shares of any such class or series. 
 
 (2) With respect to any class or series of Equity Shares, the Excepted Holder Limit shall mean 15 of the outstanding shares of any such class or series. 
 
 (3) In applying this definition, the percentages of ownership of shares of any class or series shall be based on the number or value of the shares, whichever is more restrictive, as determined for purposes of Section 542(a)(2) and Section 856(a) of the Code. 
 
 Exemption . The term Exemption shall mean an exemption from the Ownership Limit or Designated Investment Entity Limit, as the case may be, as granted by the Board pursuant to Section 7.2.7. 
 
 Initial Date . The term Initial Date shall mean the effective date of the Maryland Merger. 
 
 Market Price . The term Market Price on any date shall mean, with respect to any class or series of outstanding Shares, the Closing Price for such Shares on such date. The Closing Price on any date shall mean the last sale price for such Shares, regular way, or, in case no such sale takes place on such day, the average of the closing bid and asked prices, regular way, for such Shares, in either case as reported in the principal consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed or admitted to trading on the NYSE or, if such Shares are not listed or admitted to trading on the NYSE, as reported on the principal consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed on the principal national securities exchange on which such Shares are listed or admitted to trading or, if such Shares are not listed or admitted to trading on any national securities exchange, the last quoted price, or, if not so quoted, the average of the high bid and low asked prices in the over-the-counter market, as reported by the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. Automated Quotation System or, if such system is no longer in use, the principal other automated quotation system that may then be in use or, if such Shares are not quoted by any such organization, the average of the closing bid and asked prices as furnished by a professional market maker making a market in such Shares selected by the Board of Trustees or, in the event that no 
 5 

trading price is available for such Shares, the fair market value of Shares, as determined in good faith by the Board of Trustees. 
 
 Maryland Merger . The term Maryland Merger shall mean the merger of Public Storage, Inc., a California corporation, with and into the Trust. 
 
 NYSE . The term NYSE shall mean The New York Stock Exchange. 
 
 Ownership Limit . The term Ownership Limit shall mean (i) with respect to any class or series of Common Shares, 3 (in value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the outstanding shares of such class or series of Common Shares of the Trust and (ii) with respect to any class or series of Preferred Shares or Equity Shares, as the case may be, 9.9 (in value or number of Shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the outstanding shares of such class or series of Preferred Shares or Equity Shares, as the case may be, of the Trust. 
 
 Person . The term Person shall mean an individual, corporation, partnership, estate, trust (including a trust qualified under Sections 401(a) or 501(c)(17) of the Code), a portion of a trust permanently set aside for or to be used exclusively for the purposes described in Section 642(c) of the Code, association, private foundation within the meaning of Section 509(a) of the Code, joint stock company or other entity. 
 
 Prohibited Owner . The term Prohibited Owner shall mean, with respect to any purported Transfer, any Person who, but for the provisions of Section 7.2.1, would Beneficially Own Shares, and if appropriate in the context, shall also mean any Person who would have been the record owner of Shares that the Prohibited Owner would have so owned. 
 
 Qualified Investment Manager . The term Qualified Investment Manager shall mean an entity (i) who for compensation engages in the business of advising others as to the value of securities or as to the advisability of investing in, purchasing, or selling securities (ii) who purchases securities in the ordinary course of its business and not with the purpose or effect of changing or influencing control of the Trust, nor in connection with or as a participant in any transaction having such purpose or effect, including any transaction subject to Rule 13d-3(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and (iii) who has or shares voting power and investment power within the meaning of Rule 13d-3(a) under the Exchange Act. A Qualified Investment Manager shall be deemed to beneficially own all Common Shares beneficially owned by each of its affiliates, after application of the beneficial ownership rules under Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act, provided such affiliate meets the requirements set forth in the preceding clause (ii). 
 
 REIT . The term REIT shall mean a real estate investment trust within the meaning of Section 856 of the Code. 
 
 Restriction Termination Date . The term Restriction Termination Date shall mean the first day after the Initial Date on which the Board determines that it is no longer in the best interests of the Trust to attempt to, or continue to, qualify as a REIT or that compliance with the restrictions and limitations on Beneficial Ownership and Transfers of Shares set forth herein is no longer required in order for the Trust to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 SDAT . The term SDAT shall mean the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland. 
 
 Transfer . The term Transfer shall mean any issuance, sale, transfer, gift, assignment, devise or other disposition, as well as any other event that causes any Person to acquire Beneficial Ownership or any agreement to take any such actions or cause any such events, of Shares or the right to vote or receive dividends or distributions on Shares, including (a) a change in the capital structure of the Trust, (b) a change in the relationship between two or more Persons which causes a change in ownership of Shares by application of Section 544 of the Code, as modified by Section 856(h) of the Code, (c) the granting or exercise of any option or warrant (or any disposition of any option or warrant), pledge, security interest, or similar right to acquire Shares, (d) any disposition of any securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable for Shares or any interest in Shares or any exercise of any such conversion or exchange right and (e) Transfers of interests in other entities that result in changes in Beneficial Ownership of Shares in each case, whether voluntary or involuntary, whether owned of record, Beneficially Owned and whether by operation of law or otherwise. The terms Transferring and Transferred shall have the correlative meanings. 
 
 6 

Section 7.2 Shares . 
 
 Section 7.2.1 Ownership Limitations . During the period commencing on the Initial Date and prior to the Restriction Termination Date 
 
 (a) Basic Restrictions . 
 
 (i) (1) No Person shall Beneficially Own shares of any class or series of Common Shares in excess of the Ownership Limit, other than (A) an Excepted Holder, which shall not Beneficially Own Common Shares in excess of the Excepted Holder Limit for such Excepted Holder, (B) a Designated Investment Entity, which shall not Beneficially Own Common Shares in excess of the Designated Investment Entity Limit, and (C) a Person that complies with an Exemption, which Person shall not Beneficially Own Common Shares in excess of the ownership permitted by such Exemption. 
 
 (2) No Person shall Beneficially Own shares of any class or series of Preferred Shares or Equity Shares in excess of the Ownership Limit, other than (A) an Excepted Holder, which shall not Beneficially Own Equity Shares in excess of the Excepted Holder Limit for such Excepted Holder, (B) a Designated Investment Entity, which shall not Beneficially Own Preferred Shares or Equity Shares in excess of the Designated Investment Entity Limit, and (C) a Person that complies with an Exemption, which Person shall not Beneficially Own Preferred Shares or Equity Shares in excess of the ownership permitted by such Exemption. 
 
 Notwithstanding the above subparagraph 7.2.1(a)(i)(1) and (2), no Person shall be deemed to exceed the Ownership Limit set forth in subparagraph 7.2.1(a)(i) (1) and (2) solely by reason of the Beneficial Ownership of Shares to the extent that such Shares were Beneficially Owned by such Person on the effective date of the 1995 merger of Public Storage Management, Inc., with and into Storage Equities, Inc. (then renamed, Public Storage, Inc.) provided , however , that the Beneficial Ownership of any such Shares shall be taken into account in determining whether any subsequent Transfer or other event violates subparagraph 7.2.1(a)(i). 
 
 (ii) No Person shall Beneficially Own Shares to the extent that (1) such Beneficial Ownership of Shares would result in the Trust being closely held within the meaning of Section 856(h) of the Code (without regard to whether the ownership interest is held during the last half of a taxable year), or (2) such Beneficial Ownership of Shares would result in the Trust otherwise failing to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 (iii) No Person shall Transfer any Shares if, as a result of the Transfer, the Shares would be beneficially owned by less than 100 Persons (determined without reference to the rules of attribution under Section 544 of the Code). Any Transfer of Shares that, if effective, would result in Shares being beneficially owned by less than 100 Persons (determined under the principles of Section 856(a)(5) of the Code) shall be void ab initio , and the intended transferee shall acquire no rights in such Shares. 
 
 (b) Transfer in Trust . If any Transfer of Shares occurs which, if effective, would result in any Person Beneficially Owning Shares in violation of Section 7.2.1(a)(i) or (ii), 
 
 (i) then that number of Shares the Beneficial Ownership of which otherwise would cause such Person to violate Section 7.2.1(a)(i) or (ii) (rounded up to the nearest whole Share) shall be automatically transferred to a Charitable Trust for the benefit of a Charitable Beneficiary, as described in Section 7.3, effective as of the close of business on the Business Day prior to the date of such Transfer, and such Person shall acquire no rights in such Shares or 
 
 (ii) if the transfer to the Charitable Trust described in clause (i) of this sentence would not be effective for any reason to prevent the violation of Section 7.2.1(a)(i) or (ii), then the Transfer of that number of Shares that otherwise would cause any Person to violate Section 7.2.1(a)(i) or (ii) shall be void ab initio , and the intended transferee shall acquire no rights in such Shares. 
 
 Section 7.2.2 Remedies for Breach . If the Board or any duly authorized committee thereof shall at any time determine in good faith that a Transfer or other event has taken place that results in a violation of Section 7.2.1 or that a Person intends to acquire or has attempted to acquire Beneficial Ownership of any Shares in violation of Section 7.2.1 (whether or not such violation is intended), the Board or a committee thereof shall be empowered to take such action as it deems advisable to refuse to give effect to or to prevent such Transfer or other event, 
 7 

including, without limitation, causing the Trust to redeem Shares, refusing to give effect to such Transfer on the books of the Trust or instituting proceedings to enjoin such Transfer or other event provided , however , that any Transfer or attempted Transfer or other event in violation of Section 7.2.1 shall automatically result in the transfer to the Charitable Trust described above, and, where applicable, such Transfer (or other event) shall be void ab initio as provided above irrespective of any action (or non-action) by the Board or a committee thereof. 
 
 Section 7.2.3 Notice of Restricted Transfer . Any Person who acquires, or attempts or intends to acquire, Beneficial Ownership of Shares that will or may violate Section 7.2.1(a), or any Person who would have owned Shares that resulted in a transfer to the Charitable Trust pursuant to the provisions of Section 7.2.1(b), shall immediately give written notice to the Trust of such event, or in the case of such a proposed or attempted transaction, shall give at least 15 days prior written notice, and shall provide to the Trust such other information as the Trust may request in order to determine the effect, if any, of such acquisition or ownership on the Trust s status as a REIT. 
 
 Section 7.2.4 Owners Required To Provide Information . From the Initial Date and prior to the Restriction Termination Date 
 
 (a) Every owner of more than 5 (or such lower percentage as required by the Code or the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder) of the outstanding Shares, within 30 days after the end of each taxable year, shall give written notice to the Trust stating the name and address of such owner, the number of Shares Beneficially Owned and a description of the manner in which such Shares are held provided, that a shareholder of record who holds outstanding Shares as nominee for another Person, which other Person is required to include in gross income the dividends or distributions received on such Shares (an Actual Owner ), shall give written notice to the Trust stating the name and address of such Actual Owner and the number of Shares of such Actual Owner with respect to which the shareholder of record is nominee. 
 
 (b) Each Person who is a Beneficial Owner of Shares and each Person (including the shareholder of record) who is holding Shares for a Beneficial Owner shall provide to the Trust such information as the Trust may request, in good faith, including any information regarding such Person s qualification as a Designated Investment Entity, in order to determine the Trust s status as a REIT and to comply with requirements of any taxing authority or governmental authority or to determine such compliance. 
 
 (c) Each owner and Beneficial Owner shall provide to the Trust such information as the Trust may request in order to determine the effect, if any, of such ownership or Beneficial Ownership on the Trust s status as a REIT and to ensure compliance with the Ownership Limit, Excepted Holder Limit or Designated Investment Entity Limit. 
 
 Section 7.2.5 Remedies Not Limited . Subject to Sections 5.1 and 7.4 of the Declaration of Trust, nothing contained in this Section 7.2 shall limit the authority of the Board to take such other action as it deems necessary or advisable to protect the Trust and the interests of its shareholders in preserving the Trust s status as a REIT. 
 
 Section 7.2.6 Ambiguity . In the case of an ambiguity in the application of any of the provisions of this Section 7.2, Section 7.3 or any definition contained in Section 7.1, the Board shall have the power to determine the application of the provisions of this Section 7.2 or Section 7.3 with respect to any situation based on the facts known to it. If Section 7.2 or 7.3 requires an action by the Board and the Declaration of Trust fails to provide specific guidance with respect to such action, the Board shall have the power to determine the action to be taken so long as such action is not contrary to the provisions of Sections 7.1, 7.2 or 7.3. 
 
 Section 7.2.7 Exemptions from the Ownership Limit . 
 
 (a) The Board may, in its sole and absolute discretion, exempt a Person from the Ownership Limit or Designated Investment Entity Limit if (i) such Person submits to the Board information satisfactory to the Board, in its sole and absolute discretion, demonstrating that such Person is not an individual for purposes of Section 542(a)(2) of the Code (determined taking into account Section 856(h)(3)(A) of the Code) (ii) such Person submits to the Board information satisfactory to the Board, in its sole and absolute discretion, relevant to demonstrating that no Person who is an individual for purposes of Section 542(a)(2) of the Code (determined taking into account Section 856(h)(3)(A) of the Code) would be considered to Beneficially Own Shares in excess of the Ownership Limit, Excepted Holder Limit or Designated Investment Entity Limit, as applicable, by reason of such Person s ownership of Shares in excess of the Ownership Limit or Designated Investment Entity Limit, as the case may be, 
 8 

pursuant to the Exemption granted under this subparagraph (a) (iii) such Person submits to the Board information satisfactory to the Board, in its sole and absolute discretion, relevant to demonstrating that clause (2) of subparagraph (a)(ii) of Section 7.2.1 will not be violated by reason of such Person s ownership of Shares in excess of the Ownership Limit or Designated Investment Entity Limit pursuant to the Exemption granted under this subparagraph (a) and (iv) such Person provides to the Board such representations and undertakings, if any, as the Board may, in its sole and absolute discretion, require to ensure that the conditions in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) hereof are satisfied and will continue to be satisfied throughout the period during which such Person owns Shares in excess of the Ownership Limit or Designated Investment Entity Limit, as the case may be, pursuant to any Exemption thereto granted under this subparagraph (a), and such Person agrees that any violation of such representations and undertakings or any attempted violation thereof will result in the application of the remedies set forth in Section 7.2 with respect to Shares held in excess of the Ownership Limit or Designated Investment Entity Limit with respect to such Person (determined without regard to the Exemption granted such Person under this subparagraph (a)). 
 
 (b) Prior to granting any Exemption pursuant to subparagraph (a), the Board, in its sole and absolute discretion, may require a ruling from the IRS or an opinion of counsel, in either case in form and substance satisfactory to the Board, in its sole and absolute discretion as it may deem necessary or advisable in order to determine or ensure the Trust s status as a REIT provided , however , that the Board shall not be obligated to require obtaining a favorable ruling or opinion in order to grant an Exemption hereunder. 
 
 (c) Subject to Section 7.2.1(a)(ii), an underwriter that participates in a public offering or a private placement of Shares (or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Shares) may Beneficially Own Shares (or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Shares) in excess of the Ownership Limit or Designated Investment Entity Limit, but only to the extent necessary to facilitate such public offering or private placement. 
 
 (d) The Board may only reduce the Excepted Holder Limit for an Excepted Holder with the prior written consent of such Excepted Holder or the prior written consent of each of B. Wayne Hughes, Tamara Hughes Gustavson, and B. Wayne Hughes, Jr to the extent then living. No Excepted Holder Limit shall be reduced to a percentage that is less than the Ownership Limit or Designated Investment Entity Limit as applied to Common Shares. 
 
 (e) If a member of the Board requests that the Board grant an Exemption to the Ownership Limit with respect to such member or with respect to any other Person if such Board member would be considered to be the Beneficial Owner of Shares owned by such Person, such member of the Board shall not participate in the decision of the Board as to whether to grant any such Exemption. 
 
 Section 7.2.8 Increase in Ownership Limit or Designated Investment Entity Limit . The Board may increase the Ownership Limit or Designated Investment Entity Limit subject to the limitations provided in this Section 7.2.8. 
 
 (a) The Ownership Limit or Designated Investment Entity Limit may not be increased if, after giving effect to such increase, five Persons who are considered individuals pursuant to Section 542 of the Code, as modified by Section 856(h)(3) of the Code (taking into account all of the Excepted Holders), could Beneficially Own, in the aggregate, more than 49 of the value of the outstanding Shares. 
 
 (b) Prior to the modification of the Ownership Limit or Designated Investment Entity Limit pursuant to this Section 7.2.8, the Board, in its sole and absolute discretion, may require such opinions of counsel, affidavits, undertakings or agreements as it may deem necessary or advisable in order to determine or ensure the Trust s status as a REIT if the modification in the Ownership Limit or Designated Investment Entity Limit were to be made. 
 
 Section 7.2.9 Legend . Each certificate for Shares shall bear substantially the following legend 
 
 The shares represented by this certificate are subject to restrictions on Beneficial Ownership and Transfer. Subject to certain further restrictions and except as expressly provided in the Trust s Declaration of Trust, 
 
 (i) no Person may Beneficially Own shares of any class or series of Common Shares of the Trust in excess of 3 (in value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the outstanding shares of such class or series, other than (A) an Excepted Holder, (B) a Designated Investment Entity or (C) a Person granted an Exemption 
 
 9 

(ii) no Person may Beneficially Own shares of any class or series of Preferred Shares or Equity Shares of the Trust in excess of 9.9 (in value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the outstanding shares of such class or series, as the case may be, other than (A) an Excepted Holder (with respect to Equity Shares), (B) a Designated Investment Entity or (C) a Person granted an Exemption 
 
 (iii) no Excepted Holder may Beneficially Own any class or series of Common Shares or Equity Shares in excess of the Excepted Holder Limit for such Excepted Holder, as set forth in the Trust s Declaration of Trust 
 
 (iv) no Designated Investment Entity may Beneficially Own any class or series of Common Shares of the Trust in excess of 9.9 (in value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the outstanding shares of such class or series 
 
 (v) no Person may Beneficially Own Shares that would result in the Trust being closely held under Section 856(h) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code or otherwise cause the Trust to fail to qualify as a real estate investment trust under the Code and 
 
 (vi) no Person may Transfer Shares if such Transfer would result in Shares of the Trust being owned by fewer than 100 Persons. 
 
 Any Person who Beneficially Owns or attempts to Beneficially Own Shares which cause or will cause a Person to Beneficially Own Shares in excess or in violation of the limitations set forth in the Trust s Declaration of Trust must immediately notify the Trust. If any of the restrictions on transfer or ownership are violated, the Shares represented hereby will be automatically transferred to a Charitable Trustee of a Charitable Trust for the benefit of one or more Charitable Beneficiaries. In addition, upon the occurrence of certain events, attempted Transfers in violation of the restrictions described above may be void ab initio . A Person who attempts to Beneficially Own Shares in violation of the ownership limitations described above shall have no claim, cause of action, or any recourse whatsoever against a transferor of such Shares. All capitalized terms in this legend have the meanings defined in the Trust s Declaration of Trust, as the same may be amended from time to time, a copy of which, including the restrictions on transfer and ownership, will be furnished to each holder of Shares of the Trust on request and without charge. 
 
 Instead of the foregoing legend, the certificate may state that the Trust will furnish a full statement about certain restrictions on transferability to a shareholder on request and without charge. 
 
 Section 7.3 Transfer of Shares to the Charitable Trust . 
 
 Section 7.3.1 Ownership by the Charitable Trust . Upon any purported Transfer or other event described in Section 7.2.1(b) that would result in a transfer of Shares to a Charitable Trust, such Shares shall be deemed to have been transferred to the Charitable Trustee as trustee of a Charitable Trust for the exclusive benefit of one or more Charitable Beneficiaries. Such transfer to the Charitable Trustee shall be deemed to be effective as of the close of business on the Business Day prior to the purported Transfer or other event that results in the transfer to the Charitable Trust pursuant to Section 7.2.1(b). The Charitable Trustee shall be appointed by the Trust and shall be a Person unaffiliated with the Trust and any Prohibited Owner. Each Charitable Beneficiary shall be designated by the Trust as provided in Section 7.3.7. 
 
 Section 7.3.2 Status of Shares Held by the Charitable Trustee . Shares held by the Charitable Trustee shall be issued and outstanding Shares of the Trust. The Prohibited Owner shall have no rights in the Shares held by the Charitable Trustee. The Prohibited Owner shall not benefit economically from ownership of any Shares held in trust by the Charitable Trustee, shall have no rights to dividends or other distributions and shall not possess any rights to vote or other rights attributable to the Shares held in the Charitable Trust. The Prohibited Owner shall have no claim, cause of action, or any other recourse whatsoever against the purported transferor of such Shares. 
 
 Section 7.3.3 Dividend and Voting Rights . The Charitable Trustee shall have all voting rights and rights to dividends or other distributions with respect to Shares held in the Charitable Trust, which rights shall be exercised for the exclusive benefit of the Charitable Beneficiary. Any dividend or other distribution paid prior to the discovery by the Trust that Shares have been transferred to the Charitable Trustee shall be paid with respect to such Shares to the Charitable Trustee upon demand and any dividend or other distribution authorized but unpaid shall be paid when due to the Charitable Trustee. Any dividends or distributions so paid over to the Charitable Trustee shall be held in trust for the Charitable Beneficiary. The Prohibited Owner shall have no voting rights with respect to Shares held in 
 10 

the Charitable Trust and, subject to Maryland law, effective as of the date that Shares have been transferred to the Charitable Trustee, the Charitable Trustee shall have the authority (at the Charitable Trustee s sole discretion) (i) to rescind as void any vote cast by a Prohibited Owner prior to the discovery by the Trust that Shares have been transferred to the Charitable Trustee and (ii) to recast such vote in accordance with the desires of the Charitable Trustee acting for the benefit of the Charitable Beneficiary provided , however , that if the Trust has already taken irreversible action, then the Charitable Trustee shall not have the power to rescind and recast such vote. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Article VII, until the Trust has received notification that Shares have been transferred into a Charitable Trust, the Trust shall be entitled to rely on its share transfer and other shareholder records for purposes of preparing lists of shareholders entitled to vote at meetings, determining the validity and authority of proxies and otherwise conducting votes of shareholders. 
 
 Section 7.3.4 Rights Upon Liquidation . Upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of or any distribution of the assets of the Trust, the Charitable Trustee shall be entitled to receive, ratably with each other holder of Shares of the class or series of Shares that is held in the Charitable Trust, that portion of the assets of the Trust available for distribution to the holders of such class or series (determined based upon the ratio that the number of Shares of such class or series of Shares held by the Charitable Trustee bears to the total number of Shares of such class or series of Shares then outstanding). The Charitable Trustee shall distribute any such assets received in respect of the Shares held in the Charitable Trust in any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of, or distribution of the assets of the Trust, in accordance with Section 7.3.5. 
 
 Section 7.3.5 Sale of Shares by Charitable Trustee . Within 20 days of receiving notice from the Trust that Shares have been transferred to the Charitable Trust, the Charitable Trustee of the Charitable Trust shall sell the Shares held in the Charitable Trust to a person, designated by the Charitable Trustee, whose ownership of the Shares will not violate the ownership limitations set forth in Section 7.2.1(a). Upon such sale, the interest of the Charitable Beneficiary in the Shares sold shall terminate and the Charitable Trustee shall distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the Prohibited Owner and to the Charitable Beneficiary as provided in this Section 7.3.5. The Prohibited Owner shall receive the lesser of (1) the price paid by the Prohibited Owner for the Shares or, if the Prohibited Owner did not give value for the Shares in connection with the event causing the Shares to be held in the Charitable Trust e.g. , in the case of a gift, devise or other such transaction), the Market Price of the Shares on the day of the event causing the Shares to be held in the Charitable Trust and (2) the price per share received by the Charitable Trustee from the sale or other disposition of the Shares held in the Charitable Trust. Any net sales proceeds in excess of the amount payable to the Prohibited Owner shall be immediately paid to the Charitable Beneficiary. If, prior to the discovery by the Trust that Shares have been transferred to the Charitable Trustee, such Shares are sold by a Prohibited Owner, then (i) such Shares shall be deemed to have been sold on behalf of the Charitable Trust and (ii) to the extent that the Prohibited Owner received an amount for such Shares that exceeds the amount that such Prohibited Owner was entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 7.3.5, such excess shall be paid to the Charitable Trustee upon demand. Subject to Section 7.3.6, the Charitable Trustee shall have the right and power (but not the obligation) to offer any Share held in trust for sale to the Trust on such terms and conditions as the Charitable Trustee shall deem appropriate. 
 
 Section 7.3.6 Purchase Right in Shares Transferred to the Charitable Trustee . Shares transferred to the Charitable Trustee shall be deemed to have been offered for sale to the Trust, or its designee, at a price per share equal to the lesser of (i) the price per share in the transaction that resulted in such transfer to the Charitable Trust (or, in the case of a devise or gift, the Market Price at the time of such devise or gift) and (ii) the Market Price on the date the Trust, or its designee, accepts such offer. The Trust shall have the right to accept such offer until the Charitable Trustee has sold the Shares held in the Charitable Trust pursuant to Section 7.3.5. Upon such a sale to the Trust, the interest of the Charitable Beneficiary in the Shares sold shall terminate and the Charitable Trustee shall distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the Prohibited Owner. 
 
 Section 7.3.7 Designation of Charitable Beneficiaries . By written notice to the Charitable Trustee, the Trust shall designate one or more nonprofit organizations to be the Charitable Beneficiary of the interest in the Charitable Trust such that (i) Shares held in the Charitable Trust would not violate the restrictions set forth in Section 7.2.1(a) in the hands of such Charitable Beneficiary and (ii) each such organization must be described in Sections 501(c)(3), 170(b)(1)(A) or 170(c)(2) of the Code. 
 
 Section 7.4 NYSE Transactions . Nothing in this Article VII shall preclude the settlement of any transaction entered into through the facilities of the NYSE or any other national securities exchange or automated inter-dealer quotation system. The fact that the settlement of any transaction takes place shall not negate the effect of any other 
 11 

provision of this Article VII and any transferee in such a transaction shall be subject to all of the provisions and limitations set forth in this Article VII. 
 
 Section 7.5 Enforcement . The Trust is authorized specifically to seek equitable relief, including injunctive relief, to enforce the provisions of this Article VII. 
 
 Section 7.6 Non-Waiver . No delay or failure on the part of the Trust or the Board in exercising any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver of any right of the Trust or the Board, as the case may be, except to the extent specifically waived in writing. 
 
 ARTICLE VIII 
 SHAREHOLDERS 
 
 Section 8.1 Meetings . There shall be an annual meeting of the shareholders, to be held on proper notice at such time and location within or without the State of Maryland as shall be determined by or in the manner prescribed in the Bylaws, for the election of the Trustees, and for the transaction of any other business as may properly come before the meeting. Except as otherwise provided in the Declaration of Trust, special meetings of shareholders may be called in the manner provided in the Bylaws. Failure to hold an annual meeting does not affect the validity of any act otherwise taken by or on behalf of the Trust or affect the legal existence of the Trust. 
 
 Section 8.2 Voting Rights . 
 
 (a) Subject to the provisions of any class or series of Shares then outstanding or as otherwise required by law, the shareholders shall be entitled to vote only on the following matters (i) election of Trustees as provided in Section 5.2 and the removal of Trustees as provided in Section 5.3 (ii) amendment of the Declaration of Trust as provided in Article X (iii) termination of the Trust as provided in Section 12.2 (iv) merger or consolidation of the Trust, or the sale or disposition of substantially all of the property of the Trust , as provided in Article XI (v) such other matters with respect to which the Board of Trustees has adopted a resolution declaring that a proposed action is advisable and directing that the matter be submitted to the shareholders for approval or ratification and (vi) such other matters as may be properly brought before a meeting by a shareholder pursuant to the Bylaws. 
 
 (b) Each outstanding share entitled to vote, regardless of class, shall be entitled to one vote on all matters presented to shareholders for a vote, including with respect to the election of Trustees. No shareholder shall be entitled to cumulate votes (i.e., cast for any one or more nominees a number of votes greater than the number of votes which such shareholder normally is entitled to cast). 
 
 (c) With the exception of the election and removal of Trustees in accordance with the Declaration and the Bylaws of the Trust and any matter as may be properly brought before a shareholder pursuant to the Bylaws and applicable laws, no action that would bind the Trust and the Trustees may be taken without the prior recommendation of the Trustees. Except with respect to the foregoing matters, no action taken by the shareholders at any meeting shall in any way bind the Board of Trustees. 
 
 Section 8.3 Certain Rights of Stockholders . 
 
 (a) Except as may be provided by the Board of Trustees in setting the terms of classified or reclassified Shares pursuant to Section 6.5, no holder of Shares shall, as such holder, have any preemptive right to purchase or subscribe for any additional Shares of the Trust or any other security of the Trust which it may issue or sell. 
 
 (b) Shareholders of the Trust are not entitled to exercise the rights of objecting stockholders under Maryland law. 
 
 Section 8.4 Action by Shareholders without a Meeting . No action required or permitted to be taken by the shareholders may be taken without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent of the shareholders of the Trust. 
 
 Section 8.5 Control Share Acquisitions . Subtitle 7 of Title 3 of the Corporations and Associations Article of the Annotated Code of Maryland shall not apply to any control share acquisition (as defined in such Subtitle 7) by 
 12 

any Excepted Holder of the Trust as of the effective date of these Articles of Amendment and Restatement or any present or future affiliate of any such Excepted Holder. 
 
 ARTICLE IX 
 LIABILITY LIMITATION, INDEMNIFICATION 
 AND TRANSACTIONS WITH THE TRUST 
 
 Section 9.1 Limitation of Shareholder Liability . No shareholder shall be liable for any debt, claim, demand, judgment or obligation of any kind of, against or with respect to the Trust by reason of his being a shareholder, nor shall any shareholder be subject to any personal liability whatsoever, in tort, contract or otherwise, to any person in connection with the property or the affairs of the Trust by reason of his being a shareholder. 
 
 Section 9.2 Limitation of Trustee and Officer Liability . To the maximum extent that Maryland law in effect from time to time permits limitation of the liability of trustees and officers of a Maryland real estate investment trust or directors or officers of a Maryland corporation, no Trustee or officer of the Trust shall be liable to the Trust or to any shareholder for money damages, except to the extent that (a) the Trustee or officer actually received an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services, for the amount of the benefit or profit in money, property, or services actually received, or (b) a judgment or other final adjudication adverse to the Trustee or officer is entered in a proceeding based on a finding in the proceeding that the Trustee s or officer s action or failure to act was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty and was material to the cause of action adjudicated in the proceeding. Neither the amendment nor repeal of this Section 9.2, nor the adoption or amendment of any other provision of the Declaration of Trust inconsistent with this Section 9.2, shall apply to or affect in any respect the applicability of the preceding sentence with respect to any act or failure to act that occurred prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption. 
 
 Section 9.3 Indemnification . To the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law in effect from time to time, and in accordance with applicable provisions of the Bylaws, the Trust shall indemnify and advance expenses in accordance with Maryland law to (a) any present or former Trustee or officer (including any individual who, at the request of the Trust, serves or has served as a director, officer, partner, trustee, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or any other enterprise) against any claim or liability to which he or she may become subject by reason of service in such capacity, and (b) any present or former Trustee or officer who has been successful in the defense of a proceeding to which he or she was made a party by reason of service in such capacity, against reasonable expenses incurred by the Trustee or officer in connection with the proceeding and shall pay or reimburse, in advance of final disposition of the proceeding, such reasonable expenses. The Trust may, with the approval of its Board of Trustees, provide such indemnification or advancement of expenses to any present or former Trustee or officer who served a predecessor of the Trust, and to any employee or agent of the Trust or a predecessor of the Trust. Any amendment of this section shall be prospective only and shall not affect the applicability of this section with respect to any act or failure to act that occurred prior to such amendment. 
 
 Section 9.4 Transactions Between the Trust and its Trustees, Officers, Employees and Agents . Subject to any express restrictions in the Declaration of Trust or adopted by the Trustees in the Bylaws or by resolution, the Trust may enter into any contract or transaction of any kind with any person, including any Trustee, officer, employee or agent of the Trust or any person affiliated with a Trustee, officer, employee or agent of the Trust, whether or not any of them has a financial interest in such transaction, provided, however, that in the case of any contract or transaction in which any Trustee, officer, employee or agent of the Trust (or any person affiliated with such person) has a material financial interest in such transaction, then (a) the fact of the interest shall be disclosed or known to (i) the Board of Trustees, and the Board of Trustees shall approve or ratify the contract or transaction by the affirmative vote of a majority of disinterested Trustees, even if the disinterested Trustees constitute less than a quorum, or (ii) the shareholders entitled to vote on the matter, and the contract or transaction shall be authorized, approved or ratified by a majority of the votes cast by the shareholders entitled to vote other than the votes of shares owned of record or beneficially by the interested party or (b) the contract or transaction is fair and reasonable to the Trust. 
 
 Section 9.5 Express Exculpatory Clauses in Instruments . The Board of Trustees may cause to be inserted in every written agreement, undertaking or obligation made or issued on behalf of the Trust, an appropriate provision to the effect that neither the shareholders nor the Trustees, officers, employees or agents of the Trust shall be liable under any written instrument creating an obligation of the Trust, and all Persons shall look solely to the property of the Trust for the payment of any claim under or for the performance of that instrument. The omission of the foregoing exculpatory language from any instrument shall not affect the validity or enforceability of such instrument 
 13 

and shall not render any shareholder, Trustee, officer, employee or agent liable thereunder to any third party nor shall the Trustees or any officer, employee or agent of the Trust be liable to anyone for such omission. 
 
 ARTICLE X 
 AMENDMENTS 
 
 Section 10.1 General . The Trust reserves the right from time to time to make any amendment to the Declaration of Trust, now or hereafter authorized by law, including, without limitation, any amendment altering the terms or contract rights, as expressly set forth in the Declaration of Trust, of any Shares. All rights and powers conferred by the Declaration of Trust on shareholders, Trustees and officers are granted subject to this reservation. The Trust shall file Articles of Amendment as required by Maryland law. All references to the Declaration of Trust shall include all amendments thereto. 
 
 Section 10.2 By Trustees . The Trustees may amend the Declaration of Trust from time to time, in the manner provided by the Maryland REIT Law, without any action by the shareholders (i) to qualify as a real estate investment trust under the Code or under the Maryland REIT Law, (ii) in any manner in which the charter of a Maryland corporation may be amended without shareholder approval, and (iii) as otherwise provided in the Declaration of Trust. 
 
 Section 10.3 By Shareholders . Any amendment to the Declaration of Trust shall be valid only after the Board of Trustees has adopted a resolution setting forth the proposed amendment and declaring such amendment advisable, and such amendment has been approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than a majority of the shares then outstanding and entitled to vote thereon. 
 
 Section 10.4 Bylaws . Any provision of the Bylaws of the Trust may be altered, amended or repealed or new bylaws may be adopted by the Board of Trustees or by the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than a majority of the shares entitled to vote on the matter. 
 
 ARTICLE XI 
 MERGER, CONSOLIDATION OR SALE OF TRUST PROPERTY 
 
 Subject to the provisions of any class or series of Shares at the time outstanding, the Trust may (a) merge the Trust with or into another entity or merge another entity into the Trust, (b) consolidate the Trust with one or more other entities into a new entity or (c) sell, lease, exchange or otherwise transfer all or substantially all of the property of the Trust. The Board of Trustees in proposing such action shall adopt a resolution that declares that the proposed transaction is advisable on substantially the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the resolution, and direct that the proposed transaction be submitted for consideration by the shareholders. The transaction must be approved the affirmative vote of holders of not less than a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 
 
 A vote of the shareholders shall not be required for the merger into the Trust of any entity in which the Trust owns 90 or more of the entire equity interests in such entity, subject to the conditions and rights set forth in Section 8-501.1(c)(4) of the Maryland REIT Law. 
 
 A vote of the shareholders shall not be required if the Trust is the successor in the merger, the merger does not reclassify or change the outstanding Shares of the Trust immediately before the merger becomes effective or otherwise amend the Declaration of Trust and the number of Shares of each class or series outstanding immediately after the effective time of the merger does not increase by more than twenty percent (20 of the number of Shares of the same class or series outstanding immediately before the merger becomes effective. 
 
 Subtitle 6 of Title 3 of the Corporations and Associations Article of the Annotated Code of Maryland shall not apply to any business combination (as defined in such Subtitle 6) between the Trust and any Excepted Holder of the Trust as of the effective date of these Articles of Amendment and Restatement or any present or future affiliate of any such Excepted Holder. 
 
 14 

ARTICLE XII 
 DURATION AND TERMINATION OF TRUST 
 
 Section 12.1 Duration . The Trust shall continue perpetually unless terminated pursuant to Section 12.2 or pursuant to any applicable provision of the Maryland REIT Law. 
 
 Section 12.2 Termination . 
 
 (a) Subject to the provisions of any class or series of Shares at the time outstanding, the Trust may be terminated at any time only upon adoption of a resolution by the Board of Trustees declaring that the termination of the Trust is advisable and the approval thereof by the affirmative vote of two thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Upon the termination of the Trust 
 
 (i) The Trust shall carry on no business except for the purpose of winding up its affairs. 
 
 (ii) The Trustees shall proceed to wind up the affairs of the Trust and all of the powers of the Trustees under the Declaration of Trust shall continue, including the powers to fulfill or discharge the Trust s contracts, collect its assets, sell, convey, assign, exchange, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or any part of the remaining property of the Trust to one or more persons at public or private sale for consideration which may consist in whole or in part of cash, securities or other property of any kind, discharge or pay its liabilities and do all other acts appropriate to liquidate its business. 
 
 (iii) After paying or adequately providing for the payment of all liabilities, and upon receipt of such releases, indemnities and agreements as the Trustees deem necessary for the protection of the Trust, the Trust may distribute the remaining property of the Trust among the shareholders so that after payment in full or the setting apart for payment of such preferential amounts, if any, to which the holders of any Shares at the time outstanding shall be entitled, the remaining property of the Trust shall, subject to any participating or similar rights of Shares at the time outstanding, be distributed ratably among the holders of Common Shares at the time outstanding. 
 
 (b) After termination of the Trust, the liquidation of its business and the distribution to the shareholders as herein provided, a majority of the Trustees shall execute and file with the Trust s records a document certifying that the Trust has been duly terminated, and the Trustees shall be discharged from all liabilities and duties hereunder, and the rights and interests of all shareholders shall cease. 
 
 ARTICLE XIII 
 MISCELLANEOUS 
 
 Section 13.1 Governing Law . The Declaration of Trust is executed and delivered in the State of Maryland with reference to the laws thereof, and the rights of all parties and the validity, construction and effect of every provision hereof shall be subject to and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Maryland without regard to conflicts of laws provisions thereof. 
 
 Section 13.2 Reliance by Third Parties . Any certificate shall be final and conclusive as to any person dealing with the Trust if executed by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Trust or a Trustee, and if certifying to (a) the number or identity of Trustees, officers of the Trust or shareholders (b) the due authorization of the execution of any document (c) the action or vote taken, and the existence of a quorum, at a meeting of the Board of Trustees or shareholders (d) a copy of the Declaration of Trust or of the Bylaws as a true and complete copy as then in force (e) an amendment to the Declaration of Trust (f) the termination of the Trust or (g) the existence of any fact relating to the affairs of the Trust. No purchaser, lender, transfer agent or other person shall be bound to make any inquiry concerning the validity of any transaction purporting to be made by the Trust on its behalf or by any officer, employee or agent of the Trust. 
 
 Section 13.3 Severability . 
 
 (a) The provisions of the Declaration of Trust are severable, and if the Board of Trustees shall determine, with the advice of counsel, that any one or more of such provisions (the Conflicting Provisions are in conflict with the Code, the Maryland REIT Law or other applicable federal or state laws, the Conflicting Provisions, to the extent of the conflict, shall be deemed never to have constituted a part of the Declaration of Trust, even without any 
 15 

amendment of the Declaration of Trust pursuant to Article X and without affecting or impairing any of the remaining provisions of the Declaration of Trust or rendering invalid or improper any action taken or omitted prior to such determination. No Trustee shall be liable for making or failing to make such a determination. In the event of any such determination by the Board of Trustees, the Board shall amend the Declaration of Trust in the manner provided in Section 10.2. 
 
 (b) If any provision of the Declaration of Trust shall be held invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such holding shall apply only to the extent of any such invalidity or unenforceability and shall not in any manner affect, impair or render invalid or unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction or any other provision of the Declaration of Trust in any jurisdiction. 
 
 Section 13.4 Construction . In the Declaration of Trust, unless the context otherwise requires, words used in the singular or in the plural include both the plural and singular and words denoting any gender include all genders. The title and headings of different parts are inserted for convenience and shall not affect the meaning, construction or effect of the Declaration of Trust. In defining or interpreting the powers and duties of the Trust and its Trustees and officers, reference may be made by the Trustees or officers, to the extent appropriate and not inconsistent with the Code or the Maryland REIT Law, to Titles 1 through 3 of the Corporations and Associations Article of the Annotated Code of Maryland. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, in accordance with the provisions of Title 3, Subtitles 6 and 7, of the Corporations and Associations Article of the Annotated Code of Maryland, the Trust shall be included within the definition of corporation for purposes of such provisions. 
 
 Section 13.5 Recordation . The Declaration of Trust and any articles of amendment hereto or articles supplementary hereto shall be filed for record with the SDAT and may also be filed or recorded in such other places as the Trustees deem appropriate, but failure to file for record the Declaration of Trust or any articles of amendment hereto in any office other than in the State of Maryland shall not affect or impair the validity or effectiveness of the Declaration of Trust or any amendment hereto. A restated Declaration of Trust shall, upon filing, be conclusive evidence of all amendments contained therein and may thereafter be referred to in lieu of the original Declaration of Trust and the various articles of amendments thereto. 

16 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-10.6>
 3
 psa-123122xex10_62016plan.htm
 EX-10.6

Document 
 Exhibit 10.6 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 2016 EQUITY AND PERFORMANCE-BASED INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN 
 Effective April 25, 2016 
 1. GENERAL PURPOSES OF THE PLAN DEFINITIONS 
 The purposes of this Plan are to enhance the Company s ability to attract and retain highly qualified officers, directors, key employees, and other persons, and to motivate such persons to serve the Company and its Affiliates to improve the business results and earnings of the Company, by providing to such persons an opportunity to acquire or increase a direct proprietary interest in the operations and future success of the Company. 
 The Plan amends and restates the 2007 Plan. Awards previously granted under the 2007 Plan will be subject to the terms of the Plan, except to the extent that the terms of the Plan are inconsistent with the terms of those Awards. The following terms shall be defined as set forth below 
 Affiliate means (i) any entity that is, directly or indirectly, controlled by the Company, including a Subsidiary, and (ii) any other entity in which the Company has a significant equity interest or which has a significant equity interest in the Company, in either case as determined by the Committee. 
 Amendment Date means April 25, 2016, the date the Plan was approved by the Company s shareholders. 
 Annual Incentive Award means an Award made for achieving performance goals over a performance period of up to one year (the Company s fiscal year, unless otherwise specified by the Committee). 
 Award means a grant of an Option, Stock Appreciation Right, Restricted Stock, Unrestricted Stock, Stock Unit, Dividend Equivalent Rights, or cash award under the Plan. 
 Award Agreement means the written agreement between the Company and a Participant that sets out the terms and conditions of an Award. 
 Board means the Board of Trustees of the Company. 
 Cause means any of the following that the Committee determines may materially injure the financial condition or business reputation of the Company (i) any willful act or omission by a Participant constituting dishonesty, fraud or other malfeasance and (ii) any material breach of an agreement between a Participant and the Company. 
 Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following events (i) the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, or a merger, consolidation or reorganization of the Company with one or more entities in which the Company is not the surviving entity (ii) a sale of substantially all of the Company s assets (iii) a merger in which the Company is the surviving entity but after which the Company s shareholders immediately prior to such merger cease to own their shares or other equity interest in the Company or (iv) the acquisition, sale or transfer of more than 30 of the Company s outstanding shares by tender offer or similar transaction. 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as now in effect or as later amended. References to particular sections shall as appropriate take into account related rules, regulations and interpretations. 
 Committee means the Board, or the committee appointed by the Board to administer the Plan, which shall be composed of not less than two Outside Trustees, each of whom shall (i) be a non-employee director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act (ii) be an outside director within the meaning of Code Section 162(m) and (iii) comply with the independence requirements under the applicable stock exchange listing requirements. Until otherwise determined by the Board, the Compensation Committee of the Board shall be the designated Committee under the Plan with respect to Awards. 

Company means Public Storage, a Maryland real estate investment trust, or its successors. As appropriate in the context, references to the Company will include references to Affiliates. 
 Covered Employee means any Participant who is, or the Committee considers likely to be, a covered employee within the meaning of Code Section 162(m). 
 Disability means the Participant is unable to perform the essential duties of such Participant s position by reason of a medically determinable physical or mental impairment which is potentially permanent in character or which can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months. 
 Dividend Equivalent Right means a right, granted under Section 11, to receive cash, Stock, other Awards or other property equal in value to dividends paid relating to a specified number of shares of Stock, or other periodic payments. 
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as now in effect or as amended. 
 Fair Market Value of the Stock on any given date means the last reported sale price at which Stock is traded on such date or, if no Stock is traded on such date, the most recent date on which Stock was traded, as reflected on the New York Stock Exchange or, if applicable, any other national exchange on which the Stock is traded. If the Stock is not then listed on any established national or regional exchange, Fair Market Value shall be the value of the Stock as determined by the Committee in good faith in a manner consistent with Code Section 409A. 
 Family Member means a person who is a spouse, former spouse, child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent, niece, nephew, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother, sister, brother-in-law, or sister-in-law, including adoptive relationships, of the Participant, any person sharing the Participant s household (other than a tenant or employee), a trust in which any one or more of these persons (and or the Participant) have more than fifty percent (50 of the beneficial interest, a foundation in which any one or more of these persons (and or the Participant) control the management of assets, and any other entity in which one or more of these persons (and or the Participant) own more than fifty percent (50 of the voting interests. 
 Grant Date means, as determined by the Committee, the latest to occur of (i) the date as of which the Committee approves an Award (ii) the date the recipient first becomes eligible to receive an Award or (iii) such other date specified by the Committee. 
 Non-qualified Stock Option means an Option that is not an incentive stock option under Code Section 422. 
 Option means an option to purchase one or more shares of Stock under the Plan. 
 Option Price means the exercise price for each share of Stock subject to an Option. 
 Outside Trustee means a member of the Board who is not an officer or employee of the Company. 
 Participant means a person who receives or holds an Award under the Plan. 
 Performance Award means an Award based on achieving performance goals over a performance period of up to ten (10) years. 
 Plan means this Public Storage 2016 Equity and Performance-Based Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended from time to time. 
 Prior Plans means the Company s 2001 Stock Option and Incentive Plan, the Company s 2001 Non-Executive Non-Director Stock Option and Incentive Plan, and the 2007 Plan. 
 Purchase Price means the purchase price for each share of Stock under a grant of Restricted Stock or Unrestricted Stock. 
 2 

Restricted Stock means shares of Stock awarded under Section 8. 
 SAR means a right granted under Section 7. 
 SAR Exercise Price means the per share exercise price of a SAR granted under Section 7. 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as now in effect or as amended. 
 Service means service as a Service Provider to the Company or an Affiliate. Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Award Agreement, a Participant s change in position or duties shall not result in interrupted or terminated Service, so long as the Participant continues to be a Service Provider to the Company or an Affiliate. Subject to the preceding sentence, whether a termination of Service shall have occurred for purposes of the Plan shall be determined by the Committee, which determination shall be final, binding, and conclusive. 
 Service Provider means an employee, officer, trustee, or director of the Company or an Affiliate, or a consultant or adviser currently providing services to the Company or an Affiliate. 
 Stock means the common shares of beneficial interest, par value 0.10 per share, of the Company. 
 Stock Unit means a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent of one share of Stock awarded under Section 8. 
 Subsidiary means any corporation that at the time qualifies as a subsidiary of the Company under the definition of subsidiary corporation in Code Section 424(f). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee, in its sole and absolute discretion, may determine that any entity in which the Company has a significant equity or other interest is a Subsidiary. 
 Substitute Awards means Awards granted to replace outstanding awards previously granted by an entity acquired by the Company or with which the Company combines. 
 Unrestricted Stock means an Award under Section 9. 
 2007 Plan means the Public Storage 2007 Equity and Performance-Based Incentive Compensation Plan, amended as of May 1, 2014. 
 2. ADMINISTRATION OF THE PLAN 
 2.1 Administration. The Committee shall have such powers and authorities related to the administration of the Plan as are consistent with the Company s declaration of trust and by-laws and applicable law, and shall administer the Plan. As to the selection of, and Awards to, Participants who are not subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act and who are not Covered Employees, the Committee may delegate any or all of its responsibilities to one or more members of the Board. 
 Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Committee shall have complete control over the administration of the Plan and shall have the authority in its sole discretion to (a) designate Participants, (b) construe, interpret and implement the Plan and all Award Agreements, (c) establish, amend, and rescind any rules and regulations relating to the Plan, (d) grant Awards, (e) determine who shall receive Awards, when such Awards shall be made, the terms and conditions of each Award (including the Option Price of any Option and any restrictions or conditions relating to the vesting, exercise, lapse, transfer, or forfeiture of an Award or related Stock) and terms and provisions of Award Agreements, (f) establish plans supplemental to this Plan covering individuals who are foreign nationals or are employed or residing outside of the United States, (g) provide for mandatory or voluntary deferrals of Awards and (h) make all other determinations in its discretion that it may deem necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan. The Committee may correct any defect, supply any omission or reconcile any inconsistency in the Plan or in any Award Agreement in the manner and to the extent it shall deem desirable to carry the Plan or any such Award Agreement into effect. 
 Subject to the other terms and conditions of the Plan, including the limitation on re-pricing under this Plan, the Committee shall have full and final authority to amend, modify, or supplement the terms of 
 3 

any outstanding Award. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary (i) the Committee shall be entitled to make non-uniform and selective determinations under the Plan, and (ii) no amendment, modification, or supplement of any Award shall, without the consent of an affected Participant, impair the Participant s rights under such Award. The determinations of the Committee in the administration of the Plan shall be final and conclusive. 
 2.2 Forfeitures and Clawback No Re-Pricing. The Company may retain the right in an Award Agreement to cause a forfeiture of the gain realized by a Participant on account of actions taken by the Participant in violation or breach of or in conflict with any employment agreement, non-competition agreement, any agreement prohibiting solicitation of employees or clients of the Company or any confidentiality obligation with respect to the Company or otherwise in competition with the Company, to the extent specified in such Award Agreement. Furthermore, the Company may annul an Award if the Participant is an employee of the Company and is terminated for Cause as defined in the applicable Award Agreement or the Plan. 
 Any Award granted pursuant to the Plan shall be subject to mandatory repayment by the Participant to the Company (x) to the extent set forth in this Plan or an Award Agreement or (y) to the extent the Participant is, or in the future becomes, subject to (1) any Company clawback or recoupment policy that is adopted to comply with the requirements of any applicable laws, or (2) any applicable laws which impose mandatory recoupment, under circumstances set forth in such applicable laws. 
 No amendment or modification may be made to an outstanding Option or SAR which reduces the Option Price or SAR Exercise Price, by lowering the Option Price or SAR Exercise Price or by canceling the outstanding Option or SAR in exchange for cash, other securities or a replacement Option or SAR with a lower Option Price or SAR Exercise Price, in each case without the approval of the shareholders of the Company, provided, that, appropriate adjustments may be made to outstanding Options and SARs pursuant to Section 15 and may be made if such amendment or modification would not be deemed to be a re-pricing under applicable stock exchange listing requirements. 
 2.3 Deferral Arrangement. The Committee may permit or require the deferral of any Award payment into a deferred compensation arrangement, subject to such rules and procedures as it may establish, which may include provisions for the payment or crediting of interest or dividend equivalents, including converting such credits into deferred Stock equivalents. Any such deferrals shall be made in a manner designed to comply with Code Section 409A. 
 2.4 No Liability. No member of the Board or of the Committee shall be liable for any action taken in good faith relating to the Plan, any Award, or any Award Agreement. Neither the Company, an Affiliate, the Board, the Committee, nor any person acting on any of their behalf shall be liable to any Participant or to the estate or beneficiary of any Participant or to any other holder of an Award under the Plan as a result of any acceleration of income, or any additional tax (including any interest and penalties), asserted relating to the failure of an Award to satisfy the requirements of Code Section 409A or relating to Code Section 4999, or otherwise asserted relating to the Award provided, that this Section 2.4 shall not affect any of the rights or obligations set forth in an applicable agreement between the Participant and the Company. 
 3. SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN 
 3.1 Aggregate Share Limit. Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 3.3 and Section 15, the maximum number of shares of Stock with respect to which Awards may be granted under the Plan shall be two million (2,000,000) shares of Stock, plus the carryover shares remaining from (a) the number of shares of Stock available for future awards under the 2007 Plan as of the Amendment Date, plus (b) the number of shares of Stock related to awards outstanding under the 2007 Plan as of the Amendment Date that later terminate by expiration, forfeiture, cancellation, or otherwise without the issuance of such shares of Stock (the Share Limit ). 
 3.2 Reissue of Awards and Stock. Awards payable in cash or payable in cash or Stock, including Restricted Stock, that are forfeited, cancelled, or for any reason do not vest under this Plan, and Stock that are subject to Awards that expire or for any reason are terminated, cancelled or fail to vest shall be available for subsequent Awards under this Plan. If an Award under this Plan is or may be settled only in cash, such Award need not be counted against the Share Limit, except as may be required to preserve the status of an Award as performance-based compensation under Code Section 162(m). Stock subject to Options or SARs that are exercised shall not be available for subsequent Awards. The following transactions involving Stock will not result in additional Stock becoming available for subsequent 
 4 

Awards under this Plan (i) Stock tendered or not issued in payment of an Option or in net settlement of a SAR (ii) Stock withheld for taxes and (iii) Stock repurchased by the Company using Option proceeds. 
 3.3 Adjustments. The Committee shall have the right to substitute or assume Awards in connection with mergers, reorganizations, separations, or other transactions to which Code Section 424(a) applies. The Share Limit may be increased by the corresponding number of Awards assumed and, in the case of a substitution, by the net increase in the number of shares of Stock subject to Awards before and after the substitution. 
 4. AWARD ELIGIBILITY AND LIMITATIONS 
 4.1 Service Providers and Other Persons. Subject to this Section 4, Awards may be made under the Plan to (i) any Service Provider to the Company or any Affiliate, as the Committee shall determine and designate and (ii) any other individual whose participation in the Plan is determined to be in the best interests of the Company by the Committee. 
 4.2 Successive Awards and Substitute Awards. An eligible person may receive more than one Award, subject to such restrictions as are provided in the Plan. Notwithstanding Sections 6.1 and 7.1, the Option Price or the SAR Exercise Price of a Substitute Award may be less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the original date of grant provided that the Option Price or SAR Exercise Price is determined in accordance with the principles of Code Section 424. 
 4.3 Individual Limits. During any time when the Company has a class of equity security registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act 
 (i) the maximum number of shares of Stock subject to Options or SARs that can be granted under the Plan to any person eligible for an Award under Section 4 is one million (1,000,000) per calendar year 
 (ii) the maximum value that can be granted under the Plan to any person (other than an Outside Trustee) eligible for an Award under Section 4 other than Options or SARs is fifteen million dollars 15,000,000) per calendar year in the aggregate for all such Awards and 
 (iii) the maximum number shares of Stock that can be granted under the Plan under any Award to any Outside Trustee under Section 4 is one hundred thousand (100,000) per calendar year. 
 The limitations in this Section 4.3 are subject to adjustment as provided in Section 15. 
 5. AWARD AGREEMENT 
 Each Award shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement, in such form or forms as the Committee shall from time to time determine. Award Agreements do not need to contain the same or similar provisions, but shall be consistent with the terms of the Plan. 
 6. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF OPTIONS 
 6.1 Non-qualified Stock Options and Option Price. All Options granted under this Plan shall be Non-qualified Stock Options. The Option Price of each Option shall be fixed by the Committee and stated in the related Award Agreement. The Option Price of each Option shall be at least the Fair Market Value on the Grant Date of a share of Stock. In no case shall the Option Price of any Option be less than the par value of a share of Stock. 
 6.2 Vesting. Subject to Sections 6.4, 15.3, and 15.4, each Option granted under the Plan shall become exercisable as the Committee determines, which will be stated in the Award Agreement. Only Options granted to persons who are not entitled to overtime under applicable state or federal laws will vest or be exercisable within a six-month period starting on the Grant Date. For purposes of this Section 6.2, fractional numbers of shares of Stock subject to an Option shall be rounded down to the next nearest whole number. 
 5 

6.3 Term. Each Option granted under the Plan shall terminate, and all rights to purchase the related shares of Stock shall cease, ten (10) years after the Grant Date, or under such circumstances and on such earlier date as is set forth in the Plan or as may be fixed by the Committee and stated in the Award Agreement relating to that Option. 
 6.4 Termination of Service. 
 6.4.1 Termination of Service . Unless otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, upon the termination of the Participant s Service, other than in case the case of death or Disability, any Option that has not vested in accordance with the provisions of the related Award Agreement shall terminate immediately, and any Option that has vested but has not been exercised shall terminate at the close of business on the thirtieth (30th) day following the termination of the Participant s Service (or such longer period as the Committee, in its discretion, may determine prior to the expiration of such thirty (30) day period), subject to earlier termination of the Option as provided in Section 6.3 above. Upon termination of an Option, the Participant shall have no further right to purchase shares of Stock under such Option. 
 6.4.2 Rights in the Event of Death or Disability. Unless otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, upon the termination of the Participant s Service by reason of the Participant s death or Disability, all Options granted to such Participant shall fully vest on the date of death or termination of the Participant s Service. The Options so vested shall be exercisable for a period of one (1) year after the death or termination of Service (or such longer period as the Committee, in its discretion, may determine prior to the expiration of such one (1) year period), subject to earlier termination of the Option as provided in Section 6.3 above. 
 6.5 Limitations on Exercise of Option. In no event may any Option be exercised, in whole or in part, after the occurrence of an event referred to in Section 15 that results in termination of the Option. 
 6.6 Method of Exercise. An Option that is exercisable may be exercised by the Participant (or in the event of legal incapacity or incompetency, the Participant s guardian or legal representative, and following a Participant s death, the executors, administrators, legatees or distributees of the Participant s estate) as specified by the Company and shall be accompanied by payment in full of the Option Price of the shares for which the Option is being exercised plus the amount (if any) of federal and or other taxes which the Company may, in its judgment, be required to withhold relating to an Award. 
 6.7 Rights of Holders of Options. Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Award Agreement, an individual holding or exercising an Option shall have none of the rights of a shareholder (for example, the right to vote the shares or receive cash or dividend payments or distributions on the shares) until the shares of Stock are fully paid and issued. Except as provided in Section 15, no adjustment shall be made for dividends, distributions, or other rights for which the record date is prior to the date of such issuance. 
 6.8 Transferability of Options. Except as provided in Section 6.9, no Option shall be assignable or transferable by the Participant to whom it is granted, other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. 
 6.9 Family Transfers. If authorized in the applicable Award Agreement, a Participant may transfer, not for value, all or part of an Option to any Family Member. For the purpose of this Section 6.9, a not for value transfer is a transfer which is (i) a gift (ii) a transfer under a domestic relations order in settlement of marital property rights or (iii) a transfer to an entity in which more than fifty percent (50 of the voting interests (or relating to a trust, more than fifty percent (50 of the beneficial interests) are owned by Family Members (and or the Participant) in exchange for an interest in that entity. Following a transfer under this Section 6.9, any such Option shall continue to be subject to the same terms and conditions that applied immediately prior to transfer. Subsequent transfers of transferred Options are prohibited except to Family Members of the original Participant in accordance with this Section 6.9 or by will or the laws of descent and distribution. The events of termination of Service of Section 6.4 shall continue to be applied to the original Participant, following which the Option shall be exercisable by the transferee only to the extent, and for the periods specified, in Section 6.4. 
 6 

7. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SARS 
 7.1 Right to Payment and SAR Exercise Price. A SAR shall confer on the Participant a right to receive on exercise the excess of (A) the Fair Market Value of one share of Stock on the date of exercise over (B) the SAR Exercise Price of the SAR as determined by the Committee. The Award Agreement for a SAR shall specify its SAR Exercise Price, which shall be at least the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the Grant Date. A SAR that is granted subsequent to the Grant Date in conjunction with a related Option must have a SAR Exercise Price that is no less than the Fair Market Value of one share of Stock on the SAR Grant Date. 
 7.2 Other Terms. The Committee shall determine on the Grant Date or later, when and how a SAR may be exercised in whole or in part (including based on achievement of performance goals and or future Service requirements), the time or times at which SARs shall cease to be or become exercisable following termination of Service or upon other conditions, the method of exercise, method of settlement, form of consideration payable in settlement, method by or forms in which Stock will be delivered or deemed to be delivered to Participants, whether or not a SAR shall be in tandem or in combination with any other Award, and any other terms and conditions of any SAR. Only SARs granted to persons who are not entitled to overtime under applicable state or federal laws will be permitted to vest or be exercisable within a six-month period starting on the Grant Date. 
 7.3 Term. Each SAR granted under the Plan shall terminate, and all related rights shall cease, ten (10) years after the Grant Date, or under such circumstances and on such earlier date as is set forth in the Plan or as may be fixed by the Committee and stated in the related Award Agreement. 
 8. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK AND STOCK UNITS 
 8.1 Grant of Restricted Stock or Stock Units. Awards of Restricted Stock or Stock Units may be made for no consideration (other than par value of the shares which will be deemed paid by Services rendered or to be rendered). 
 8.2 Restrictions. At the time a grant of Restricted Stock or Stock Units is made, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, establish a period of time (a restricted period applicable to such Restricted Stock or Stock Units and may prescribe other restrictions, including the satisfaction of corporate or individual performance objectives in accordance with Section 12.1 and Section 12.2. Each Award of Restricted Stock or Stock Units may be subject in whole or part to different restrictions. Neither Restricted Stock nor Stock Units may be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, or otherwise encumbered or disposed of during the restricted period or prior to the satisfaction of any other applicable restrictions prescribed by the Committee. 
 8.3 Restricted Stock Certificates. The Company shall issue, in the name of each Participant to whom Restricted Stock has been granted, stock certificates representing the total number of shares of Restricted Stock granted to the Participant, as soon as reasonably practicable after the Grant Date. The Committee may provide in an Award Agreement that either (i) the Secretary of the Company shall hold such certificates for the Participant s benefit until such time as the Restricted Stock is forfeited to the Company or the restrictions lapse or (ii) such certificates shall be delivered to the Participant provided, however, that such certificates shall bear a legend or legends that comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and makes appropriate reference to the restrictions imposed under the Plan and the Award Agreement. 
 8.4 Rights of Holders of Restricted Stock. Unless the Committee otherwise provides in an Award Agreement, holders of Restricted Stock shall have the right to vote such Stock and the right to receive any dividends declared or paid relating to such Stock. The Committee may provide that any dividends paid on Restricted Stock must be reinvested in shares of Stock, which may or may not be subject to the same vesting conditions and restrictions applicable to such Restricted Stock. Dividend payments or distributions declared or paid on shares of Restricted Stock which vest or are earned based upon the achievement of performance goals shall not vest unless the applicable performance goals are achieved, and if the goals are not achieved, the Participant shall promptly forfeit and, to the extent already paid or distributed, repay to the Company such dividend payments or distributions. All distributions, if any, received by a Participant relating to Restricted Stock as a result of any stock split, stock dividend, combination of shares, or other similar transaction shall be subject to the restrictions applicable to the Restricted Stock. 
 7 

8.5 Rights of Holders of Stock Units. 
 8.5.1 Voting and Dividend Rights. Unless the Committee otherwise provides in an Award Agreement, holders of Stock Units shall have no rights as shareholders of the Company other than the right to receive, upon the Company s payment of a cash dividend on its outstanding Stock, a cash payment for each Stock Unit held equal to the per-share dividend paid on the Stock. Dividend payments or distributions declared or paid on shares underlying Stock Units which vest or are earned based upon the achievement of performance goals shall not vest unless such performance goals for such Stock Units are achieved, and if the goals are not achieved, the Participant shall promptly forfeit and, to the extent already paid or distributed, repay to the Company such dividend payments or distributions. The Committee may also provide that such cash dividend will be deemed reinvested in additional Stock Units at a price per unit equal to the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the date that such dividend is paid. 
 8.5.2 Creditor s Rights. A holder of Stock Units shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company. Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable Award Agreement. 
 8.6 Termination of Service. Unless otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, upon the termination of the Participant s Service, other than in case the case of death or Disability, any Restricted Stock or Stock Units held by such Participant that have not vested, or for which all applicable restrictions and conditions have not lapsed, shall immediately be deemed forfeited, unless the Committee, in its discretion, determines otherwise. Upon forfeiture of Restricted Stock or Stock Units, the Participant shall have no further rights relating to such grant, including but not limited to any right to vote Restricted Stock or any right to receive dividends relating to shares of Restricted Stock or Stock Units. 
 8.7 Rights in the Event of Death or Disability. Unless otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, upon the termination of the Participant s Service by reason of the Participant s death or Disability, all Restricted Stock and Stock Units granted to such Participant shall fully vest on the date of death or date of termination of Service, and the related shares of Stock shall be deliverable in accordance with the terms of the Plan, in the case of death, to the executors, administrators, legatees, or distributees of the Participant s estate, or in the case of Disability, to the Participant. 
 8.8 Purchase of Restricted Stock. The Participant shall be required, to the extent required by applicable law, to purchase the Restricted Stock from the Company at a Purchase Price equal to the greater of (i) the aggregate par value of the shares of Stock represented by such Restricted Stock or (ii) the Purchase Price, if any, specified in the Award Agreement relating to such Restricted Stock. The Purchase Price shall be payable in a form described in Section 10 or, in the discretion of the Committee, in consideration for past or future Services rendered. 
 8.9 Delivery of Stock. Upon the expiration or termination of any restricted period and the satisfaction of any other applicable conditions, the restrictions on shares of Restricted Stock or Stock Units settled in Stock shall lapse, and, unless otherwise provided in the Award Agreement, a stock certificate for such shares shall be delivered, free of all such restrictions, to the Participant or the Participant s beneficiary or estate, as the case may be. Neither the Participant, nor the Participant s beneficiary or estate, shall have any further rights with regard to a Stock Unit once the share of Stock represented by the Stock Unit has been delivered. 
 9. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF UNRESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS 
 The Committee may, in its sole discretion, grant (or sell at par value or such other higher purchase price determined by the Committee) an Unrestricted Stock Award to any Participant under which such Participant may receive shares of Stock free of any restrictions Unrestricted Stock under the Plan. Unrestricted Stock Awards may be granted or sold as described in the preceding sentence in respect of past services and other valid consideration, or in lieu of, or in addition to, any cash compensation due to such Participant. 
 10. FORM OF PAYMENT FOR OPTIONS AND RESTRICTED STOCK 
 10.1 General Rule. Payment of the Option Price for the shares purchased under the exercise of an Option or the Purchase Price for Restricted Stock shall be made in cash or in cash equivalents acceptable to the Company. 
 8 

10.2 Surrender of Stock. To the extent the Award Agreement so provides, payment of the Option Price for shares purchased under the exercise of an Option or the Purchase Price for Restricted Stock may be made all or in part through the tender to the Company of shares of Stock, which shall be valued, for purposes of determining the extent to which the Option Price or Purchase Price has been paid thereby, at their Fair Market Value on the date of surrender. 
 10.3 Cashless Exercise. As to Options only (and not as to Restricted Stock), to the extent permitted by law and to the extent the Award Agreement so provides, payment of the Option Price for shares purchased under the exercise of an Option may be made all or in part by delivery (on a form acceptable to the Committee) of an irrevocable direction to a licensed securities broker acceptable to the Company to sell shares of Stock and to deliver all or part of the sales proceeds to the Company in payment of the Option Price and any withholding taxes described in Section 17.3. 
 10.4 Other Forms of Payment. To the extent the Award Agreement so provides, payment of the Option Price for shares purchased under exercise of an Option or the Purchase Price for Restricted Stock may be made in any other form that is consistent with applicable laws, regulations, and rules, including (i) for Restricted Stock, Service rendered or to be rendered by the Participant thereof to the Company or an Affiliate and (ii) with the consent of the Company, by withholding the number of shares of Stock that would otherwise vest or be issuable in an amount equal in value to the Option Price or Purchase Price and or the required tax withholding amount. 
 11. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF DIVIDEND EQUIVALENT RIGHTS 
 11.1 Dividend Equivalent Rights. A Dividend Equivalent Right may be granted under the Plan to any Participant, the terms and conditions of which shall be specified in the Award Agreement. Dividend equivalents credited to the holder of a Dividend Equivalent Right may be paid currently or may be deemed to be reinvested in additional shares of Stock, which may later accrue additional equivalents. Any such reinvestment shall be at Fair Market Value on the date of reinvestment. Dividend Equivalent Rights may be settled in cash or Stock or a combination, in a single installment or installments, all determined in the sole discretion of the Committee. A Dividend Equivalent Right granted as a component of another Award may provide that such Dividend Equivalent Right shall be settled upon exercise, settlement, or payment of, or lapse of restrictions on, such other Award, and that such Dividend Equivalent Right shall expire or be forfeited or annulled under the same conditions as such other Award. A Dividend Equivalent Right granted as a component of another Award may also contain terms and conditions different from such other Award. Dividend Equivalent Rights granted as a component of another Award which vests or is earned based upon the achievement of performance goals shall not vest unless such performance goals are achieved, and if the goals are not achieved, the Participant of such Dividend Equivalent Rights shall promptly forfeit and, to the extent already paid or distributed, repay to the Company payments or distributions made in connection with such Dividend Equivalent Rights. 
 11.2 Termination of Service. Except as may otherwise be provided by the Committee either in the Award Agreement or in writing after the Award Agreement is issued, and subject to Section 15, a Participant s rights in all Dividend Equivalent Rights or interest equivalents shall automatically terminate upon the Participant s termination of Service for any reason. 
 12. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF PERFORMANCE AND ANNUAL INCENTIVE AWARDS 
 12.1 Performance Conditions. The right of a Participant to exercise or receive a grant or settlement of any Award, and the timing, may be subject to such performance conditions as may be specified by the Committee. The Committee may use such business criteria and other measures of performance as it may deem appropriate in establishing any performance conditions and may exercise its discretion to reduce the amounts payable under any Award subject to performance conditions, except as limited under Section 12.2 in the case of a Performance Award or Annual Incentive Award intended to qualify under Code Section 162(m). If and to the extent required under Code Section 162(m), any power or authority relating to a Performance Award or Annual Incentive Award intended to qualify under Code Section 162(m) shall be exercised by the Committee. 
 12.2 Performance or Annual Incentive Awards Granted to Designated Covered Employees. If a Performance or Annual Incentive Award to be granted to a Participant designated by the Committee as a Covered Employee is intended to qualify as performance-based compensation for purposes of Code Section 162(m), the grant, exercise, and or settlement of such Performance or Annual Incentive Award shall be contingent upon achievement of pre-established performance goals and other terms set forth in this Section 12.2. 
 9 

12.2.1 Performance Goals Generally. The performance goals for such Performance or Annual Incentive Awards shall consist of one or more business criteria and a targeted level or levels of performance relating to each of such criteria, as specified by the Committee consistent with this Section 12.2. Performance goals shall be objective and shall otherwise meet the requirements of Code Section 162(m) and the related regulations including the requirement that the level or levels of performance targeted by the Committee result in the achievement of performance goals being substantially uncertain. The Committee may determine that such Performance or Annual Incentive Awards shall be granted, exercised, and or settled upon achievement of any one performance goal or that two or more of the performance goals must be achieved as a condition to grant, exercise, and or settlement of such Performance or Annual Incentive Awards. Performance goals may differ for Performance or Annual Incentive Awards granted to any one Participant or to different Participants. 
 12.2.2 Business Criteria. The Committee will use one or more of the following criteria or measures of performance as it may deem appropriate 
 (i) changes in funds from operation (FFO), funds from operation (FFO) per share, or funds from operation (FFO) as adjusted 
 (ii) changes in funds available for distribution (FAD) 
 (iii) same store revenue growth or targets or other sales or revenue growth or targets 
 (iv) changes in intrinsic business value 
 (v) stock price or total shareholder return 
 (vi) implementation, commencement, or completion of critical or strategic projects, acquisitions, or processes 
 (vii) return measures, including return on invested capital and return on assets, capital, investment, or equity 
 (viii) divestiture, joint venture, or development activity 
 (ix) measures related to geographic business expansion or market share, customer satisfaction, employee satisfaction, human resources management, legal matters, or information technology 
 (x) net earnings or net income 
 (xi) operating earnings 
 (xii) gross or operating margins, or 
 (xiii) any combination of any of the foregoing. 
 These business criteria need not be based on an increase or positive result under the business criteria selected. The criteria may be determined on a consolidated basis for the Company, and or based on specified subsidiaries or business units. 
 12.2.3 Timing for Establishing Performance Goals. Performance goals shall be established not later than ninety (90) days after the beginning of any performance period applicable to such Performance or Annual Incentive Awards, or at such other date as may be required or permitted for performance-based compensation under Code Section 162(m). 
 12.2.4 Settlement of Performance or Annual Incentive Awards Other Terms. Settlement of such Performance or Annual Incentive Awards shall be in cash, Stock, other Awards, or other property, in the discretion of the Committee. The Committee may, in its discretion, reduce the amount of a settlement otherwise to be made in connection with such Performance or Annual Incentive Awards. The Committee shall specify the circumstances in which such Performance or Annual Incentive 
 10 

Awards shall be paid or forfeited in the event of termination of Service by the Participant prior to the end of a performance period or settlement of Performance Awards. 
 12.3 Written Determinations. All determinations by the Committee as to the establishment and achievement of performance goals, the amount of any potential Performance Awards, and the amount of any potential or final individual Annual Incentive Awards shall be made in writing in the case of any Award intended to qualify under Code Section 162(m). To the extent permitted by Code Section 162(m), the Committee may delegate any responsibility relating to such Performance Awards or Annual Incentive Awards. 
 12.4 Status of Section 12.2 Awards under Code Section 162(m). It is the intent of the Company that Performance Awards and Annual Incentive Awards under Section 12.2 granted to persons who are designated by the Committee as Covered Employees within the meaning of Code Section 162(m) shall constitute qualified performance-based compensation within the meaning of Code Section 162(m). Accordingly, the terms of Section 12.2 including the definitions of Covered Employee and other related terms, shall be interpreted in a manner consistent with Code Section 162(m). Because the Committee cannot determine with certainty whether a given Participant will be a Covered Employee for a fiscal year that has not yet been completed, the term Covered Employee as used in the Plan shall mean only a person designated by the Committee, at the time of grant of Performance Awards or an Annual Incentive Award, as likely to be a Covered Employee for that fiscal year. If any provision of the Plan or any agreement relating to such Performance Awards or Annual Incentive Awards does not comply or is inconsistent with the requirements of Code Section 162(m), such provision shall be construed or deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such requirements. 
 13. PARACHUTE LIMITATIONS 
 For purposes of this Section 13 (i) other than agreements relating to the Plan, any other agreement, contract, or understanding previously or subsequently entered into by a Participant with the Company, except an agreement, contract, or understanding that expressly addresses Code Section 280G or Code Section 4999, is defined as an Other Agreement and (ii)any other formal or informal plan or other arrangement for the direct or indirect provision of compensation to the Participant (including groups or classes of Participants or beneficiaries of which the Participant is a member), whether or not such compensation is deferred, is in cash, or is in the form of a benefit to or for the Participant is defined as a Benefit Arrangement . 
 If the Participant is a disqualified individual as defined in Code Section 280G(c) and any exercise, vesting, payment, or benefit to the Participant under this Plan would be considered a parachute payment under Code Section 280G(b)(2), taking into account all rights, payments, or benefits to or for the Participant under this Plan, all Other Agreements, and all Benefit Arrangements (a Parachute Payment ), any right of the Participant to any exercise, vesting, payment, or benefit under this Plan shall be reduced or eliminated to the minimum extent to permit Participant to receive more on a net after-tax basis. 
 Except as required by Code Section 409A or to the extent that Code Section 409A permits discretion, the Committee shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to designate those rights, payments, or benefits under the Plan, all Other Agreements, and all Benefit Arrangements that should be reduced or eliminated so as to avoid having such rights, payments, or benefits be considered a Parachute Payment. However, to the extent any payment or benefit constitutes deferred compensation under Code Section 409A, in order to comply with Code Section 409A, the Company shall instead accomplish such reduction by first reducing or eliminating any cash payments (with the payments to be made furthest in the future being reduced first), then by reducing or eliminating any accelerated vesting of Performance Awards, then by reducing or eliminating any accelerated vesting of Options or SARs, then by reducing or eliminating any accelerated vesting of Restricted Stock or Stock Units, then by reducing or eliminating any other remaining Parachute Payments. 
 14. REQUIREMENTS OF LAW 
 14.1 General. The Company shall not be required to sell or issue any shares of Stock under any Award if the sale or issuance of such shares would constitute a violation by the Participant, any other individual exercising an Option, or the Company of any provision of any law or regulation, including any federal or state securities laws or regulations, and may condition such sale or issuance upon the listing, registration, or qualification of such shares upon any securities exchange or under any governmental regulatory body to the extent determined to be necessary or desirable by the Company in its discretion. 
 11 

Any resulting delay shall in no way affect the date of termination of the Award. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, unless a registration statement under the Securities Act is in effect for the shares of Stock covered by an Option or other Award, the Company shall not be required to sell or issue any shares upon exercise of any Option or underlying any Award unless the Committee has received evidence satisfactory to it that the Participant or any other individual exercising an Option may acquire such shares under an exemption from registration under the Securities Act. Any such determination by the Committee shall be final, binding, and conclusive. The Company may, but shall in no event be obligated to, register any applicable securities under the Securities Act or take any affirmative action in order to cause the exercise of an Option or the issuance of shares of Stock under the Plan to comply with any law or regulation. As to any jurisdiction that expressly imposes the requirement that an Option shall not be exercisable until the shares of Stock covered by such Option are registered or are exempt from registration, the exercise of such Option (under circumstances in which the laws of such jurisdiction apply) shall be deemed conditioned upon the effectiveness of such registration or the availability of such an exemption. 
 14.2 Rule 16b-3. During any time when the Company has a class of equity security registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act, it is the intent of the Company that Awards under the Plan and the exercise of Options granted under the plan will qualify for the exemption provided by Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act. To the extent that any provision of the Plan or action by the Committee does not comply with the requirements of Rule 16b-3, it shall be deemed inoperative to the extent permitted by law and deemed advisable by the Committee, and shall not affect the validity of the Plan. If Rule 16b-3 is revised or replaced, the Committee may exercise its discretion to modify this Plan in any respect necessary to satisfy the requirements of, or to take advantage of any features of, the revised exemption or its replacement. 
 15. EFFECT OF CHANGES IN CAPITALIZATION 
 15.1 Changes in Stock. If the number of outstanding shares of Stock is increased or decreased or the shares of Stock are changed into or exchanged for a different number or kind of shares or other securities of the Company on account of any corporate transaction effected without receipt of consideration by the Company occurring after the Amendment Date, the number and kinds of shares (i) for which grants of Options and other Awards may be made under the Plan and (ii) for which Awards are outstanding shall be adjusted proportionately and accordingly by the Company, with the adjustment to outstanding Awards to be made so that the proportionate interest of the Participant immediately following such event shall, to the extent practicable, be the same as immediately before such event. Any such adjustment in outstanding Options or SARs shall not change the aggregate Option Price or SAR Exercise Price payable for shares that are subject to the unexercised portion of an outstanding Option or SAR, as applicable, but shall include a corresponding proportionate adjustment in the Option Price or SAR Exercise Price per share. The conversion of any convertible securities of the Company shall not be treated as an increase in shares effected without receipt of consideration. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of any distribution to the Company s shareholders of securities of any entity other than the Company or other assets (including an extraordinary dividend but excluding a non-extraordinary dividend of the Company) without receipt of consideration by the Company, the Company shall, in such manner as the Company deems appropriate, adjust (i) the number and kind of shares subject to outstanding Awards and or (ii) the Option Price or SAR Exercise Price of outstanding Options and SARs to reflect such distribution. 
 15.2 Reorganization in Which the Company Is the Surviving Entity and in Which No Change of Control Occurs. If the Company shall be the surviving entity in any reorganization, merger, or consolidation of the Company with one or more other entities in which no Change of Control occurs, any Option or SAR previously granted under the Plan shall pertain to and apply to the shares of Stock to which a holder of the shares of Stock subject to such Option or SAR would have been entitled immediately following such reorganization, merger, or consolidation, with a corresponding proportionate adjustment of the Option Price or SAR Exercise Price per share so that the resulting aggregate Option Price or SAR Exercise Price will be the same as the aggregate Option Price or SAR Exercise Price of the shares subject to the Option or SAR immediately prior to such reorganization, merger, or consolidation. Subject to any contrary language in an Award Agreement evidencing an Award, any restrictions applicable to such Award shall apply as well to any replacement shares received by the Participant as a result of the reorganization, merger, or consolidation. In the event of a transaction described in this Section 15.2, Stock Units and other Awards shall be adjusted so as to apply to the shares of Stock that the holder of the shares of Stock subject to such Stock Units or other Awards would have been entitled to receive immediately following such transaction. 
 12 

15.3 Change of Control in Which Awards Are Not Assumed. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement, in another agreement with the Participant, or as otherwise set forth in writing, upon the occurrence of a Change of Control in which outstanding Awards are not being assumed or continued 
 (i) with the exception of Performance Awards and Annual Incentive Awards, all outstanding shares of Restricted Stock and all Stock Units shall be deemed to have vested, and all restrictions and conditions applicable to such shares of Restricted Stock and Stock Units shall be deemed to have lapsed immediately prior to the occurrence of such Change of Control, and 
 (ii) for Performance Awards and Annual Incentive Awards, all performance goals and conditions shall be deemed to have been satisfied immediately prior to the occurrence of such Change of Control based on either actual performance as of a date reasonably close to the date of the Change of Control or target performance, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, and such Awards shall become payable pro-rata based on the portion of the applicable performance period completed as of the Change of Control, and 
 (iii) either or both of the following two actions shall be taken 
 (A) fifteen (15) days prior to the scheduled Change of Control, all Options and SARs outstanding shall become immediately vested and exercisable and shall remain exercisable for a period of fifteen (15) days, and or 
 (B) the Committee may elect, in its sole discretion, to cancel any outstanding Awards of Options, Restricted Stock, Stock Units, and or SARs and pay or deliver, or cause to be paid or delivered, to the holder an amount in cash or securities having a value (as determined by the Committee acting in good faith), in the case of Restricted Stock or Stock Units, equal to the formula or fixed price per share paid to holders of shares of Stock and, in the case of vested and unvested Options or SARs, equal to the product of the number of shares of Stock subject to the Option or SAR (the Award Shares multiplied by the amount, if any, by which (I) the formula or fixed price per share paid to holders of shares of Stock under such transaction exceeds (II) the Option Price or SAR Exercise Price applicable to such Award Shares. 
 If the Company establishes an exercise window, (i) any exercise of an Option or SAR during such fifteen (15) day period shall be conditioned upon the Change of Control taking place and shall be effective only immediately before the Change of Control takes place, and (ii) upon any Change of Control, the Plan, and all outstanding but unexercised Options and SARs shall terminate. The Committee shall send written notice of an event that will result in such a termination to all individuals who hold Options and SARs not later than the time at which the Company gives notice to its shareholders. 
 15.4 Change of Control in Which Awards Are Assumed. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement, in another agreement with the Participant, or as otherwise set forth in writing, upon a Change of Control in which outstanding Awards are being assumed or continued, the following provisions shall apply to such Award, to the extent assumed or continued 
 The Plan and the Options, SARs, Stock Units, and Restricted Stock granted under the Plan shall continue in the manner and under the terms so provided in the event of any Change of Control to the extent that provision is made in writing in connection with such Change of Control for the continuation of the Plan or the assumption of the Options, SARs, Stock Units, and Restricted Stock previously granted, or for the substitution for such Options, SARs, Stock Units, and Restricted Stock for new common stock options and stock appreciation rights and new common stock units and restricted stock relating to the stock of a successor entity, or a parent or subsidiary, with appropriate adjustments as to the number of shares and option and stock appreciation right exercise prices. 
 In the event an Award is assumed, continued, or substituted upon the Change of Control and the Service of such Participant with the Company or an Affiliate (or a successor entity, or a parent or subsidiary) is terminated without Cause within one (1) year following the Change of Control, such Award (as assumed, continued, or substituted) shall become fully vested as of the date of such termination and may be exercised in full, to the extent applicable, beginning on the date of such termination and for the one (1) year period immediately following such termination or for such longer period as the Committee shall determine. 
 13 

15.5 Adjustments. Adjustments under this Section 15.5 related to shares of Stock or securities of the Company shall be made by the Committee, whose determination shall be final, binding, and conclusive. No fractional shares or other securities shall be issued under any such adjustment, and any fractions resulting from any such adjustment shall be eliminated in each case by rounding downward to the nearest whole share. The Committee shall determine the effect of a Change of Control upon Awards other than Options, SARs, Stock Units, and Restricted Stock, and such effect shall be set forth in the appropriate Award Agreement. The Committee may provide in the Award Agreements at the time of grant, or any time later with the consent of the Participant, for different provisions to apply to an Award in place of those described in Sections 15.1, 15.2, 15.3, and 15.4. 
 15.6 No Limitations on Company. The making of Awards under the Plan shall not affect or limit in any way the right or power of the Company to make adjustments, reclassifications, reorganizations, or changes of its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, or liquidate, or to sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
 16. AMENDMENT DATE, DURATION AND AMENDMENTS 
 16.1 Amendment Date. The Plan is an amendment and restatement of the 2007 Plan and is effective as of the Amendment Date. Following the Amendment Date, no further awards shall be made under the Prior Plans. However, shares of Stock reserved under the Prior Plans to settle awards, including performance-based awards, that were granted under the Prior Plans prior to the Amendment Date may be issued and delivered following the Amendment Date to settle those awards. 
 16.2 Term. The Plan shall terminate automatically on the day before the tenth (10th) anniversary of the Amendment Date and may be terminated on any earlier date as provided in Section 16.3. 
 16.3 Amendment and Termination of the Plan. The Committee may amend, suspend, or terminate the Plan. No amendment will be made to the no-re-pricing provisions of Section 2.2, the Option Price provisions of Section 6.1, or the SAR Exercise Price provisions of Section 7.1 without the approval of the Company s shareholders. Other amendments will be contingent on approval of the Company s shareholders to the extent stated by the Committee, required by applicable law, or required by applicable stock exchange listing requirements. 
 No Awards shall be made after termination of the Plan. No amendment, suspension, or termination of the Plan shall impair rights or obligations under any Participant s Award under the Plan, without the consent of the Participant. 
 17. GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 17.1 Disclaimer of Rights. No provision in the Plan or in any Award or Award Agreement shall be construed to confer upon any individual the right to remain in the employ or service of the Company, or to interfere in any way with any contractual or other right or authority of the Company either to increase or decrease the compensation or other payments to any individual at any time, or to terminate any employment or other relationship between any individual and the Company. In addition, notwithstanding anything contained in the Plan to the contrary, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Award Agreement, no Award granted under the Plan shall be affected by any change of duties or position of the Participant, so long as such Participant continues to be a Service Provider of the Company or an Affiliate. The obligation of the Company to pay any benefits under this Plan shall be interpreted as a contractual obligation to pay only those amounts described in the Plan, in the manner and under the conditions prescribed in the Plan. The Plan shall in no way be interpreted to require the Company to transfer any amounts to a third party trustee or otherwise hold any amounts in trust or escrow for payment to any Participant or beneficiary under the terms of the Plan. 
 17.2 Nonexclusivity of the Plan. Neither the adoption of the Plan nor the submission of the Plan to the shareholders of the Company for approval shall be construed as creating any limitations upon the right and authority of the Committee to adopt such other incentive compensation arrangements (which arrangements may be applicable either generally to a class or classes of individuals or specifically to a particular individual or particular individuals) as the Committee in its discretion determines desirable, including, without limitation, the granting of stock options otherwise than under the Plan. 
 14 

17.3 Withholding Taxes. The Company shall have the right to deduct from payments of any kind otherwise due to a Participant any federal, state, or local taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld relating to the vesting of or other lapse of restrictions applicable to an Award or upon the issuance of any shares of Stock upon the exercise of an Option or Award. At the time of such vesting, lapse, exercise or issuance, the Participant shall pay to the Company, any amount that the Company may reasonably determine to be necessary to satisfy such withholding obligation. Subject to the prior approval of the Company, which may be withheld by the Company in its sole discretion, the Participant may elect to satisfy such obligations, in whole or in part (i) by causing the Company to withhold shares of Stock otherwise issuable to the Participant or (ii) by delivering to the Company shares of Stock already owned by the Participant. The shares of Stock so delivered or withheld shall have an aggregate Fair Market Value equal to such withholding obligations. The Fair Market Value of the shares of Stock used to satisfy such withholding obligation shall be determined by the Company as of the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is to be determined. A Participant who has made an election under this Section 17.3 may satisfy his or her withholding obligation only with shares of Stock that are not subject to any repurchase, forfeiture, unfulfilled vesting, or other similar requirements. The maximum number of shares of Stock that may be withheld from any Award to satisfy any federal, state or local tax withholding requirements upon the exercise, vesting, lapse of restrictions applicable to such Award or payment of shares under such Award, as applicable, cannot exceed such number of shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the minimum statutory amount required by the Company to be withheld and paid to any such federal, state or local taxing authority relating to such exercise, vesting, lapse of restrictions or payment of shares. 
 17.4 Captions. The use of captions in this Plan or any Award Agreement is for the convenience of reference only and shall not affect the meaning of any provision of the Plan or such Award Agreement. 
 17.5 Other Provisions. Each Award granted under the Plan may contain such other terms and conditions not inconsistent with the Plan as may be determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion. 
 17.6 Severability. If any provision of the Plan or any Award Agreement shall be determined to be illegal or unenforceable by any court of law in any jurisdiction, the remaining provisions shall be severable and enforceable in accordance with their terms, and all provisions shall remain enforceable in any other jurisdiction. 
 17.7 Governing Law. The validity and construction of this Plan and the instruments evidencing the Awards under the Plan shall be governed by the laws of the State of Maryland, other than any conflicts or choice of law rule or principle that might otherwise refer construction or interpretation of this Plan and the instruments evidencing the Awards granted under the Plan to the substantive laws of any other jurisdiction. 
 17.8 Code Section 409A. For Awards that constitute nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Code Section 409A, the Company generally intends, but is not obligated, to grant Awards that will comply with Code Section 409A or an exemption to Code Section 409A. To the extent that the Committee determines that a Participant would be subject to the additional twenty percent (20 tax imposed on certain nonqualified deferred compensation plans under Code Section 409A as a result of any provision of any Award granted under this Plan, such provision shall be deemed amended to the minimum extent necessary to avoid application of such additional tax. The nature of any such amendment shall be determined by the Committee. 
 
 15 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.7>
 4
 psa-123122xex10_72021plan.htm
 EX-10.7

Document 
 Exhibit 10.7 

 PUBLIC STORAGE 2021 EQUITY AND PERFORMANCE-BASED INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN 
 Effective April 26, 2021 
 1. GENERAL PURPOSES OF THE PLAN DEFINITIONS 
 The purposes of this Plan are to enhance the Company s ability to attract and retain highly qualified officers, directors, key employees, and other persons, and to motivate such persons to serve the Company and its Affiliates to improve the business results and earnings of the Company, by providing to such persons an opportunity to acquire or increase a direct proprietary interest in the operations and future success of the Company. 
 The following terms shall be defined as set forth below 
 Affiliate means (i) any entity that is, directly or indirectly, controlled by the Company, including a Subsidiary, and (ii) any other entity in which the Company has a significant equity interest or which has a significant equity interest in the Company, in either case as determined by the Committee. 
 Annual Incentive Award means an Award made for achieving performance goals over a performance period of up to one year (the Company s fiscal year, unless otherwise specified by the Committee). 
 Award means a grant of an Option, Stock Appreciation Right, Restricted Stock, Unrestricted Stock, Stock Unit, Dividend Equivalent Rights, or cash award under the Plan. 
 Award Agreement means the written agreement between the Company and a Participant that sets out the terms and conditions of an Award. 
 Board means the Board of Trustees of the Company. 
 Cause means any of the following that the Committee determines may materially injure the financial condition or business reputation of the Company (i) any willful act or omission by a Participant constituting dishonesty, fraud or other malfeasance and (ii) any material breach of an agreement between a Participant and the Company. 
 Change of Control means the occurrence of any of the following events (i) the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, or a merger, consolidation or reorganization of the Company with one or more entities in which the Company is not the surviving entity (ii) a sale of substantially all of the Company s assets (iii) a merger in which the Company is the surviving entity but after which the Company s shareholders immediately prior to such merger cease to own their shares or other equity interest in the Company or (iv) the acquisition, sale or transfer of more than 30 of the Company s outstanding shares by tender offer or similar transaction. 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as now in effect or as later amended. References to particular sections shall as appropriate take into account related rules, regulations and interpretations. 
 Committee means the Board, or the committee appointed by the Board to administer the Plan, which shall be composed of not less than two Outside Trustees, each of whom shall (i) be a non-employee director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act and (ii) comply with the independence requirements under the applicable stock exchange listing requirements. Until otherwise determined by the Board, the Compensation Committee of the Board shall be the designated Committee under the Plan with respect to Awards. 
 Company means Public Storage, a Maryland real estate investment trust, or its successors. As appropriate in the context, references to the Company will include references to Affiliates. 
 Disability means the Participant is unable to perform the essential duties of such Participant s position by reason of a medically determinable physical or mental impairment which is potentially permanent in character or which can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months. 

Dividend Equivalent Right means a right, granted under Section 11, to receive cash, Stock, other Awards or other property equal in value to dividends paid relating to a specified number of shares of Stock, or other periodic payments. 
 Effective Date means April 26, 2021, the date the Plan was approved by the Company s shareholders. 
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as now in effect or as amended. 
 Fair Market Value of the Stock on any given date means the last reported sale price at which Stock is traded on such date or, if no Stock is traded on such date, the most recent date on which Stock was traded, as reflected on the New York Stock Exchange or, if applicable, any other national exchange on which the Stock is traded. If the Stock is not then listed on any established national or regional exchange, Fair Market Value shall be the value of the Stock as determined by the Committee in good faith in a manner consistent with Code Section 409A. 
 Family Member means a person who is a spouse, former spouse, child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent, niece, nephew, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother, sister, brother-in-law, or sister-in-law, including adoptive relationships, of the Participant, any person sharing the Participant s household (other than a tenant or employee), a trust in which any one or more of these persons (and or the Participant) have more than fifty percent (50 of the beneficial interest, a foundation in which any one or more of these persons (and or the Participant) control the management of assets, and any other entity in which one or more of these persons (and or the Participant) own more than fifty percent (50 of the voting interests. 
 Grant Date means, as determined by the Committee, the latest to occur of (i) the date as of which the Committee approves an Award (ii) the date the recipient first becomes eligible to receive an Award or (iii) such other date specified by the Committee. 
 Non-qualified Stock Option means an Option that is not an incentive stock option under Code Section 422. 
 Option means an option to purchase one or more shares of Stock under the Plan. 
 Option Price means the exercise price for each share of Stock subject to an Option. 
 Outside Trustee means a member of the Board who is not an officer or employee of the Company. 
 Participant means a person who receives or holds an Award under the Plan. 
 Performance Award means an Award based on achieving performance goals over a performance period of up to ten (10) years. 
 Plan means this Public Storage 2021 Equity and Performance-Based Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended from time to time. 
 Prior Plans means the Company s 2016 Equity and Performance-Based Incentive Compensation Plan and the Company s 2007 Equity and Performance-Based Incentive Compensation Plan. 
 Purchase Price means the purchase price for each share of Stock under a grant of Restricted Stock or Unrestricted Stock. 
 Restricted Stock means shares of Stock awarded under Section 8. 
 SAR means a right granted under Section 7. 
 SAR Exercise Price means the per share exercise price of a SAR granted under Section 7. 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as now in effect or as amended. 
 Service means service as a Service Provider to the Company or an Affiliate. Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Award Agreement, a Participant s change in position or duties shall not result in interrupted 
 2 

or terminated Service, so long as the Participant continues to be a Service Provider to the Company or an Affiliate. Subject to the preceding sentence, whether a termination of Service shall have occurred for purposes of the Plan shall be determined by the Committee, which determination shall be final, binding, and conclusive. 
 Service Provider means an employee, officer, trustee, or director of the Company or an Affiliate, or a consultant or adviser currently providing services to the Company or an Affiliate. 
 Stock means the common shares of beneficial interest, par value 0.10 per share, of the Company. 
 Stock Unit means a bookkeeping entry representing the equivalent of one share of Stock awarded under Section 8. 
 Subsidiary means any corporation that at the time qualifies as a subsidiary of the Company under the definition of subsidiary corporation in Code Section 424(f). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee, in its sole and absolute discretion, may determine that any entity in which the Company has a significant equity or other interest is a Subsidiary. 
 Substitute Awards means Awards granted to replace outstanding awards previously granted by an entity acquired by the Company or with which the Company combines. 
 Unrestricted Stock means an Award under Section 9. 
 2. ADMINISTRATION OF THE PLAN 
 2.1 Administration. The Committee shall have such powers and authorities related to the administration of the Plan as are consistent with the Company s declaration of trust and by-laws and applicable law, and shall administer the Plan. As to the selection of, and Awards to, Participants who are not subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, the Committee may delegate any or all of its responsibilities to one or more members of the Board. 
 Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Committee shall have complete control over the administration of the Plan and shall have the authority in its sole discretion to (a) designate Participants, (b) construe, interpret and implement the Plan and all Award Agreements, (c) establish, amend, and rescind any rules and regulations relating to the Plan, (d) grant Awards, (e) determine who shall receive Awards, when such Awards shall be made, the terms and conditions of each Award (including the Option Price of any Option and any restrictions or conditions relating to the vesting, exercise, lapse, transfer, or forfeiture of an Award or related Stock) and terms and provisions of Award Agreements, (f) establish plans supplemental to this Plan covering individuals who are foreign nationals or are employed or residing outside of the United States, (g) provide for mandatory or voluntary deferrals of Awards and (h) make all other determinations in its discretion that it may deem necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan. The Committee may correct any defect, supply any omission or reconcile any inconsistency in the Plan or in any Award Agreement in the manner and to the extent it shall deem desirable to carry the Plan or any such Award Agreement into effect. 
 Subject to the other terms and conditions of the Plan, including the limitation on re-pricing under this Plan, the Committee shall have full and final authority to amend, modify, or supplement the terms of any outstanding Award. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary (i) the Committee shall be entitled to make non-uniform and selective determinations under the Plan, and (ii) no amendment, modification, or supplement of any Award shall, without the consent of an affected Participant, impair the Participant s rights under such Award. The determinations of the Committee in the administration of the Plan shall be final and conclusive. 
 2.2 Forfeitures and Clawback No Re-Pricing. Any Award granted pursuant to the Plan shall be subject to mandatory repayment by the Participant to the Company (x) to the extent set forth in this Plan or an Award Agreement or (y) to the extent the Participant is, or in the future becomes, subject to (1) the Company s Incentive Compensation Recoupment Policy or similar successor policy, or (2) any applicable laws which impose mandatory recoupment, under circumstances set forth in such applicable laws. 
 In addition, the Company may retain the right in an Award Agreement to cause a forfeiture of the gain realized by a Participant on account of actions taken by the Participant in violation or breach of or in conflict with any employment agreement, non-competition agreement, any agreement prohibiting 
 3 

solicitation of employees or clients of the Company or any confidentiality obligation with respect to the Company or otherwise in competition with the Company, to the extent specified in such Award Agreement. Furthermore, the Company may annul an Award if the Participant is an employee of the Company and is terminated for Cause as defined in the applicable Award Agreement or the Plan. 
 No amendment or modification may be made to an outstanding Option or SAR which reduces the Option Price or SAR Exercise Price, by lowering the Option Price or SAR Exercise Price or by canceling the outstanding Option or SAR in exchange for cash, other securities or a replacement Option or SAR with a lower Option Price or SAR Exercise Price, in each case without the approval of the shareholders of the Company, provided, that, appropriate adjustments may be made to outstanding Options and SARs pursuant to Section 15 and may be made if such amendment or modification would not be deemed to be a re-pricing under applicable stock exchange listing requirements. 
 2.3 Deferral Arrangement. The Committee may permit or require the deferral of any Award payment into a deferred compensation arrangement, subject to such rules and procedures as it may establish, which may include provisions for the payment or crediting of interest or dividend equivalents, including converting such credits into deferred Stock equivalents. Any such deferrals shall be made in a manner designed to comply with Code Section 409A. 
 2.4 No Liability. No member of the Board or of the Committee shall be liable for any action taken in good faith relating to the Plan, any Award, or any Award Agreement. Neither the Company, an Affiliate, the Board, the Committee, nor any person acting on any of their behalf shall be liable to any Participant or to the estate or beneficiary of any Participant or to any other holder of an Award under the Plan as a result of any acceleration of income, or any additional tax (including any interest and penalties), asserted relating to the failure of an Award to satisfy the requirements of Code Section 409A or relating to Code Section 4999, or otherwise asserted relating to the Award provided, that this Section 2.4 shall not affect any of the rights or obligations set forth in an applicable agreement between the Participant and the Company. 
 3. SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN 
 3.1 Aggregate Share Limit. Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 3.3 and Section 15, the maximum number of shares of Stock with respect to which Awards may be granted under the Plan shall be three million (3,000,000) shares of Stock, plus the carryover shares remaining from (a) the number of shares of Stock available for future awards under the Prior Plans as of the Effective Date, plus (b) the number of shares of Stock related to awards outstanding under the Prior Plans as of the Effective Date that later terminate by expiration, forfeiture, cancellation, or otherwise without the issuance of such shares of Stock (the Share Limit ). 
 3.2 Reissue of Awards and Stock. Awards payable in cash or payable in cash or Stock, including Restricted Stock, that are forfeited, cancelled, or for any reason do not vest under this Plan, and Stock that are subject to Awards that expire or for any reason are terminated, cancelled or fail to vest shall be available for subsequent Awards under this Plan. If an Award under this Plan is or may be settled only in cash, such Award need not be counted against the Share Limit. Stock subject to Options or SARs that are exercised shall not be available for subsequent Awards. The following transactions involving Stock will not result in additional Stock becoming available for subsequent Awards under this Plan (i) Stock tendered or not issued in payment of an Option or in net settlement of a SAR (ii) Stock withheld for taxes and (iii) Stock repurchased by the Company using Option proceeds. 
 3.3 Adjustments. The Committee shall have the right to substitute or assume Awards in connection with mergers, reorganizations, separations, or other transactions to which Code Section 424(a) applies. The Share Limit may be increased by the corresponding number of Awards assumed and, in the case of a substitution, by the net increase in the number of shares of Stock subject to Awards before and after the substitution. 
 4. AWARD ELIGIBILITY AND LIMITATIONS 
 4.1 Service Providers and Other Persons. Subject to this Section 4, Awards may be made under the Plan to (i) any Service Provider to the Company or any Affiliate, as the Committee shall determine and designate and (ii) any other individual whose participation in the Plan is determined to be in the best interests of the Company by the Committee. 
 4 

4.2 Successive Awards and Substitute Awards. An eligible person may receive more than one Award, subject to such restrictions as are provided in the Plan. Notwithstanding Sections 6.1 and 7.1, the Option Price or the SAR Exercise Price of a Substitute Award may be less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the original date of grant provided that the Option Price or SAR Exercise Price is determined in accordance with the principles of Code Section 424. 
 4.3 Individual Limits. During any time when the Company has a class of equity security registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act 
 (i) the maximum number of shares of Stock subject to Options or SARs that can be granted under the Plan to any person (other than an Outside Trustee) eligible for an Award under Section 4 is one million (1,000,000) per calendar year and 
 (ii) the maximum value that can be granted under the Plan to any person (other than an Outside Trustee) eligible for an Award under Section 4 other than Options or SARs is fifteen million dollars 15,000,000) per calendar year in the aggregate for all such Awards. 
 The limitations in this Section 4.3 are subject to adjustment as provided in Section 15. 
 4.4 Minimum Vesting Requirements. No Award (or portion of any Award) granted under the Plan shall become exercisable or vested prior to the one-year anniversary of the Grant Date of such Award provided, however, that such restriction shall not apply to Awards granted under the Plan with respect to the number of shares of Stock which, in the aggregate, does not exceed five percent (5 of the Share Limit (subject to adjustment under Section 15). This Section 4.4 shall not restrict the right of the Committee to provide for the acceleration or continuation of the vesting or exercisability of an Award upon or after a termination of employment or service or otherwise, including, without limitation, as a result of a termination without Cause, death, Disability, retirement or constructive termination. 
 5. AWARD AGREEMENT 
 Each Award shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement, in such form or forms as the Committee shall from time to time determine. Award Agreements do not need to contain the same or similar provisions, but shall be consistent with the terms of the Plan. 
 6. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF OPTIONS 
 6.1 Non-qualified Stock Options and Option Price. All Options granted under this Plan shall be Non-qualified Stock Options. The Option Price of each Option shall be fixed by the Committee and stated in the related Award Agreement. The Option Price of each Option shall be at least the Fair Market Value on the Grant Date of a share of Stock. In no case shall the Option Price of any Option be less than the par value of a share of Stock. 
 6.2 Vesting. Subject to Sections 6.4, 15.3, and 15.4, each Option granted under the Plan shall become exercisable as the Committee determines, which will be stated in the Award Agreement. Only Options granted to persons who are not entitled to overtime under applicable state or federal laws will vest or be exercisable within a six-month period starting on the Grant Date. For purposes of this Section 6.2, fractional numbers of shares of Stock subject to an Option shall be rounded down to the next nearest whole number. 
 6.3 Term. Each Option granted under the Plan shall terminate, and all rights to purchase the related shares of Stock shall cease, ten (10) years after the Grant Date, or under such circumstances and on such earlier date as is set forth in the Plan or as may be fixed by the Committee and stated in the Award Agreement relating to that Option. 
 6.4 Termination of Service. 
 6.4.1 Termination of Service. Unless otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, upon the termination of the Participant s Service, other than in the case of death or Disability, any Option that has not vested in accordance with the provisions of the related Award Agreement shall terminate immediately, and any Option that has vested but has not been exercised shall terminate at the close of business on the thirtieth (30th) day following the termination of the Participant s Service (or such longer period as the Committee, in its discretion, may determine prior to the 
 5 

expiration of such thirty (30) day period), subject to earlier termination of the Option as provided in Section 6.3 above. Upon termination of an Option, the Participant shall have no further right to purchase shares of Stock under such Option. 
 6.4.2 Rights in the Event of Death or Disability. Unless otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, upon the termination of the Participant s Service by reason of the Participant s death or Disability, all Options granted to such Participant shall fully vest on the date of death or termination of the Participant s Service. The Options so vested shall be exercisable for a period of one (1) year after the death or termination of Service (or such longer period as the Committee, in its discretion, may determine prior to the expiration of such one (1) year period), subject to earlier termination of the Option as provided in Section 6.3 above. 
 6.5 Limitations on Exercise of Option. In no event may any Option be exercised, in whole or in part, after the occurrence of an event referred to in Section 15 that results in termination of the Option. 
 6.6 Method of Exercise. An Option that is exercisable may be exercised by the Participant (or in the event of legal incapacity or incompetency, the Participant s guardian or legal representative, and following a Participant s death, the executors, administrators, legatees or distributees of the Participant s estate) as specified by the Company and shall be accompanied by payment in full of the Option Price of the shares for which the Option is being exercised plus the amount (if any) of federal and or other taxes which the Company may, in its judgment, be required to withhold relating to an Award. 
 6.7 Rights of Holders of Options. Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Award Agreement, an individual holding or exercising an Option shall have none of the rights of a shareholder (for example, the right to vote the shares or receive cash or dividend payments or distributions on the shares) until the shares of Stock are fully paid and issued. Except as provided in Section 15, no adjustment shall be made for dividends, distributions, or other rights for which the record date is prior to the date of such issuance. 
 6.8 Transferability of Options. Except as provided in Section 6.9, no Option shall be assignable or transferable by the Participant to whom it is granted, other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. 
 6.9 Family Transfers. If authorized in the applicable Award Agreement, a Participant may transfer, not for value, all or part of an Option to any Family Member. For the purpose of this Section 6.9, a not for value transfer is a transfer which is (i) a gift (ii) a transfer under a domestic relations order in settlement of marital property rights or (iii) a transfer to an entity in which more than fifty percent (50 of the voting interests (or relating to a trust, more than fifty percent (50 of the beneficial interests) are owned by Family Members (and or the Participant) in exchange for an interest in that entity. Following a transfer under this Section 6.9, any such Option shall continue to be subject to the same terms and conditions that applied immediately prior to transfer. Subsequent transfers of transferred Options are prohibited except to Family Members of the original Participant in accordance with this Section 6.9 or by will or the laws of descent and distribution. The events of termination of Service of Section 6.4 shall continue to be applied to the original Participant, following which the Option shall be exercisable by the transferee only to the extent, and for the periods specified, in Section 6.4. 
 7. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SARS 
 7.1 Right to Payment and SAR Exercise Price. A SAR shall confer on the Participant a right to receive on exercise the excess of (A) the Fair Market Value of one share of Stock on the date of exercise over (B) the SAR Exercise Price of the SAR as determined by the Committee. The Award Agreement for a SAR shall specify its SAR Exercise Price, which shall be at least the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the Grant Date. A SAR that is granted subsequent to the Grant Date in conjunction with a related Option must have a SAR Exercise Price that is no less than the Fair Market Value of one share of Stock on the SAR Grant Date. 
 7.2 Other Terms. The Committee shall determine on the Grant Date or later, when and how a SAR may be exercised in whole or in part (including based on achievement of performance goals and or future Service requirements), the time or times at which SARs shall cease to be or become exercisable following termination of Service or upon other conditions, the method of exercise, method of settlement, form of consideration payable in settlement, method by or forms in which Stock will be delivered or deemed to be delivered to Participants, whether or not a SAR shall be in tandem or in combination with any other Award, and any other terms and conditions of any SAR. Only SARs granted to persons who are not 
 6 

entitled to overtime under applicable state or federal laws will be permitted to vest or be exercisable within a six-month period starting on the Grant Date. 
 7.3 Term. Each SAR granted under the Plan shall terminate, and all related rights shall cease, ten (10) years after the Grant Date, or under such circumstances and on such earlier date as is set forth in the Plan or as may be fixed by the Committee and stated in the related Award Agreement. 
 8. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK AND STOCK UNITS 
 8.1 Grant of Restricted Stock or Stock Units. Awards of Restricted Stock or Stock Units may be made for no consideration (other than par value of the shares which will be deemed paid by Services rendered or to be rendered). 
 8.2 Restrictions. At the time a grant of Restricted Stock or Stock Units is made, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, establish a period of time (a restricted period applicable to such Restricted Stock or Stock Units and may prescribe other restrictions, including the satisfaction of corporate or individual performance objectives in accordance with Section 12. Each Award of Restricted Stock or Stock Units may be subject in whole or part to different restrictions. Neither Restricted Stock nor Stock Units may be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, or otherwise encumbered or disposed of during the restricted period or prior to the satisfaction of any other applicable restrictions prescribed by the Committee. 
 8.3 Stock Certificates and Book Entry. Upon the grant of Restricted Stock, the Committee shall cause a stock certificate registered in the name of the Participant to be issued or shall cause share(s) of common stock to be registered in the name of the Participant and held in book-entry form subject to the Company s directions, in each case as soon as reasonably practicable after the Grant Date. The Committee may provide in an Award Agreement that either (i) the Secretary of the Company shall hold any such certificates for the Participant s benefit until such time as the Restricted Stock is forfeited to the Company or the restrictions lapse or (ii) any such certificates shall be delivered to the Participant provided, however, that any such certificates shall bear a legend or legends that comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and makes appropriate reference to the restrictions imposed under the Plan and the Award Agreement. To the extent shares of Restricted Stock are forfeited, any stock certificates issued to the Participant evidencing such shares shall be returned to the Company, and all rights of the Participant to such shares and as a shareholder with respect thereto shall terminate without further obligation on the part of the Company. 
 8.4 Rights of Holders of Restricted Stock. Unless the Committee otherwise provides in an Award Agreement, holders of Restricted Stock shall have the right to vote such Stock and the right to receive any dividends declared or paid relating to such Stock. The Committee may provide that any dividends paid on Restricted Stock must be reinvested in shares of Stock, which may or may not be subject to the same vesting conditions and restrictions applicable to such Restricted Stock. Dividend payments or distributions declared or paid on shares of Restricted Stock which vest or are earned based upon the achievement of performance goals shall not vest unless the applicable performance goals are achieved, and if the goals are not achieved, the Participant shall promptly forfeit and, to the extent already paid or distributed, repay to the Company such dividend payments or distributions. All distributions, if any, received by a Participant relating to Restricted Stock as a result of any stock split, stock dividend, combination of shares, or other similar transaction shall be subject to the restrictions applicable to the Restricted Stock. 
 8.5 Rights of Holders of Stock Units. 
 8.5.1 Voting and Dividend Rights. Unless the Committee otherwise provides in an Award Agreement, holders of Stock Units shall have no rights as shareholders of the Company other than the right to receive, upon the Company s payment of a cash dividend on its outstanding Stock, a cash payment for each Stock Unit held equal to the per-share dividend paid on the Stock. Dividend payments or distributions declared or paid on shares underlying Stock Units which vest or are earned based upon the achievement of performance goals shall not vest unless such performance goals for such Stock Units are achieved, and if the goals are not achieved, the Participant shall promptly forfeit and, to the extent already paid or distributed, repay to the Company such dividend payments or distributions. The Committee may also provide that such cash dividend will be deemed reinvested in additional Stock Units at a price per unit equal to the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the date that such dividend is paid. 
 7 

8.5.2 Creditor s Rights. A holder of Stock Units shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company. Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable Award Agreement. 
 8.6 Termination of Service. Unless otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, upon the termination of the Participant s Service, other than in the case of death or Disability, any Restricted Stock or Stock Units held by such Participant that have not vested, or for which all applicable restrictions and conditions have not lapsed, shall immediately be deemed forfeited, unless the Committee, in its discretion, determines otherwise. Upon forfeiture of Restricted Stock or Stock Units, the Participant shall have no further rights relating to such grant, including but not limited to any right to vote Restricted Stock or any right to receive dividends relating to shares of Restricted Stock or Stock Units. 
 8.7 Rights in the Event of Death or Disability. Unless otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, upon the termination of the Participant s Service by reason of the Participant s death or Disability, all Restricted Stock and Stock Units granted to such Participant shall fully vest on the date of death or date of termination of Service, and the related shares of Stock shall be deliverable in accordance with the terms of the Plan, in the case of death, to the executors, administrators, legatees, or distributees of the Participant s estate, or in the case of Disability, to the Participant. 
 8.8 Purchase of Restricted Stock. The Participant shall be required, to the extent required by applicable law, to purchase the Restricted Stock from the Company at a Purchase Price equal to the greater of (i) the aggregate par value of the shares of Stock represented by such Restricted Stock or (ii) the Purchase Price, if any, specified in the Award Agreement relating to such Restricted Stock. The Purchase Price shall be payable in a form described in Section 10 or, in the discretion of the Committee, in consideration for past or future Services rendered. 
 8.9 Delivery of Stock. Upon the expiration or termination of any restricted period and the satisfaction of any other applicable conditions, the restrictions on shares of Restricted Stock or Stock Units settled in Stock shall lapse, and, unless otherwise provided in the Award Agreement, a stock certificate for such shares shall be delivered, free of all such restrictions, to the Participant or the Participant s beneficiary or estate, as the case may be. Neither the Participant, nor the Participant s beneficiary or estate, shall have any further rights with regard to a Stock Unit once the share of Stock represented by the Stock Unit has been delivered. 
 9. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF UNRESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS 
 Subject to Section 4.4, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, grant (or sell at par value or such other higher purchase price determined by the Committee) an Unrestricted Stock Award to any Participant under which such Participant may receive shares of Stock free of any restrictions Unrestricted Stock under the Plan. Unrestricted Stock Awards may be granted or sold as described in the preceding sentence in respect of past services and other valid consideration, or in lieu of, or in addition to, any cash compensation due to such Participant. 
 10. FORM OF PAYMENT FOR OPTIONS AND RESTRICTED STOCK 
 10.1 General Rule. Payment of the Option Price for the shares purchased under the exercise of an Option or the Purchase Price for Restricted Stock shall be made in cash or in cash equivalents acceptable to the Company. 
 10.2 Surrender of Stock. To the extent the Award Agreement so provides, payment of the Option Price for shares purchased under the exercise of an Option or the Purchase Price for Restricted Stock may be made all or in part through the tender to the Company of shares of Stock, which shall be valued, for purposes of determining the extent to which the Option Price or Purchase Price has been paid thereby, at their Fair Market Value on the date of surrender. 
 10.3 Cashless Exercise. As to Options only (and not as to Restricted Stock), to the extent permitted by law and to the extent the Award Agreement so provides, payment of the Option Price for shares purchased under the exercise of an Option may be made all or in part by delivery (on a form acceptable to the Committee) of an irrevocable direction to a licensed securities broker acceptable to the Company to sell shares of Stock and to deliver all or part of the sales proceeds to the Company in payment of the Option Price and any withholding taxes described in Section 17.3. 
 8 

10.4 Other Forms of Payment. To the extent the Award Agreement so provides, payment of the Option Price for shares purchased under exercise of an Option or the Purchase Price for Restricted Stock may be made in any other form that is consistent with applicable laws, regulations, and rules, including (i) for Restricted Stock, Service rendered or to be rendered by the Participant thereof to the Company or an Affiliate and (ii) with the consent of the Company, by withholding the number of shares of Stock that would otherwise vest or be issuable in an amount equal in value to the Option Price or Purchase Price and or the required tax withholding amount. 
 11. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF DIVIDEND EQUIVALENT RIGHTS 
 11.1 Dividend Equivalent Rights. A Dividend Equivalent Right may be granted under the Plan to any Participant, the terms and conditions of which shall be specified in the Award Agreement. Dividend equivalents credited to the holder of a Dividend Equivalent Right may be paid currently or may be deemed to be reinvested in additional shares of Stock, which may later accrue additional equivalents. Any such reinvestment shall be at Fair Market Value on the date of reinvestment. Dividend Equivalent Rights may be settled in cash or Stock or a combination, in a single installment or installments, all determined in the sole discretion of the Committee. A Dividend Equivalent Right granted as a component of another Award may provide that such Dividend Equivalent Right shall be settled upon exercise, settlement, or payment of, or lapse of restrictions on, such other Award, and that such Dividend Equivalent Right shall expire or be forfeited or annulled under the same conditions as such other Award. A Dividend Equivalent Right granted as a component of another Award may also contain terms and conditions different from such other Award. Dividend Equivalent Rights granted as a component of another Award which vests or is earned based upon the achievement of performance goals shall not vest unless such performance goals are achieved, and if the goals are not achieved, the Participant of such Dividend Equivalent Rights shall promptly forfeit and, to the extent already paid or distributed, repay to the Company payments or distributions made in connection with such Dividend Equivalent Rights. 
 11.2 Termination of Service. Except as may otherwise be provided by the Committee either in the Award Agreement or in writing after the Award Agreement is issued, and subject to Section 15, a Participant s rights in all Dividend Equivalent Rights or interest equivalents shall automatically terminate upon the Participant s termination of Service for any reason. 
 12. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF PERFORMANCE AND ANNUAL INCENTIVE AWARDS 
 12.1 Performance Conditions. The right of a Participant to exercise or receive a grant or settlement of any Award, and the timing, may be subject to such performance conditions as may be specified by the Committee. The Committee may use such business criteria and other measures of performance as it may deem appropriate in establishing any performance conditions and may exercise its discretion to increase or reduce the amounts payable under any Award subject to performance conditions. 
 12.2 Performance Goals Generally. The performance goals for Performance or Annual Incentive Awards may consist of one or more business criteria and a targeted level or levels of performance relating to each of such criteria, as specified by the Committee. Performance goals may be subjective or objective. The Committee may determine that Performance or Annual Incentive Awards shall be granted, exercised, and or settled upon achievement of any one performance goal or that two or more of the performance goals must be achieved as a condition to grant, exercise, and or settlement of such Performance or Annual Incentive Awards. Performance goals may differ for Performance or Annual Incentive Awards granted to any one Participant or to different Participants. 
 12.3 Business Criteria. The Committee may use one or more of the following criteria or measures of performance as it may deem appropriate (or such other criteria or measures of performance as it may deem appropriate) 
 (i) changes in funds from operation (FFO), Core FFO, or FFO as adjusted, including on a per share basis 
 (ii) changes in funds available for distribution (FAD) 
 (iii) same store revenue growth or targets or other sales or revenue growth or targets 
 (iv) changes in net asset value (NAV) 
 9 

(v) changes in total shareholder value (TSV) based on changes in NAV per share and dividend distributions 
 (vi) changes in intrinsic business value 
 (vii) stock price or total shareholder return 
 (viii) implementation, commencement, or completion of critical or strategic projects, acquisitions, or processes 
 (ix) return measures, including return on invested capital and return on assets, capital, investment, or equity 
 (x) divestiture, joint venture, or development activity 
 (xi) measures related to geographic business expansion or market share, customer satisfaction, employee satisfaction, human resources management, legal matters, or information technology 
 (xii) net earnings or net income 
 (xiii) operating earnings 
 (xiv) gross or operating margins, or 
 (xv) any combination of any of the foregoing. 
 These business criteria need not be based on an increase or positive result under the business criteria selected. The criteria may be determined on a consolidated basis for the Company, and or based on specified subsidiaries or business units, may be expressed on an absolute basis or relative to an index, budget or other standard specified by the Committee, and will be calculated in accordance with the Company s financial statements, generally accepted accounting principles, if applicable, or other methodology established by the Committee, including the effect (whether positive or negative) of changes in accounting standards or any unusual or infrequently occurring event or transaction occurring after the establishment of the performance goals applicable to a performance award. 
 12.4 Settlement of Performance or Annual Incentive Awards Other Terms. Settlement of such Performance or Annual Incentive Awards shall be in cash, Stock, other Awards, or other property, in the discretion of the Committee. The Committee may, in its discretion, increase or reduce the amount of a settlement otherwise to be made in connection with such Performance or Annual Incentive Awards. The Committee shall specify the circumstances in which such Performance or Annual Incentive Awards shall be paid or forfeited in the event of termination of Service by the Participant prior to the end of a performance period or settlement of Performance Awards. 
 13. PARACHUTE LIMITATIONS 
 For purposes of this Section 13 (i) other than agreements relating to the Plan, any other agreement, contract, or understanding previously or subsequently entered into by a Participant with the Company, except an agreement, contract, or understanding that expressly addresses Code Section 280G or Code Section 4999, is defined as an Other Agreement and (ii) any other formal or informal plan or other arrangement for the direct or indirect provision of compensation to the Participant (including groups or classes of Participants or beneficiaries of which the Participant is a member), whether or not such compensation is deferred, is in cash, or is in the form of a benefit to or for the Participant is defined as a Benefit Arrangement . 
 If the Participant is a disqualified individual as defined in Code Section 280G(c) and any exercise, vesting, payment, or benefit to the Participant under this Plan would be considered a parachute payment under Code Section 280G(b)(2), taking into account all rights, payments, or benefits to or for the Participant under this Plan, all Other Agreements, and all Benefit Arrangements (a Parachute Payment ), any right of the Participant to any exercise, vesting, payment, or benefit under this Plan shall 
 10 

be reduced or eliminated to the minimum extent to permit Participant to receive more on a net after-tax basis. 
 Except as required by Code Section 409A or to the extent that Code Section 409A permits discretion, the Committee shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to designate those rights, payments, or benefits under the Plan, all Other Agreements, and all Benefit Arrangements that should be reduced or eliminated so as to avoid having such rights, payments, or benefits be considered a Parachute Payment. However, to the extent any payment or benefit constitutes deferred compensation under Code Section 409A, in order to comply with Code Section 409A, the Company shall instead accomplish such reduction by first reducing or eliminating any cash payments (with the payments to be made furthest in the future being reduced first), then by reducing or eliminating any accelerated vesting of Performance Awards, then by reducing or eliminating any accelerated vesting of Options or SARs, then by reducing or eliminating any accelerated vesting of Restricted Stock or Stock Units, then by reducing or eliminating any other remaining Parachute Payments. 
 14. REQUIREMENTS OF LAW 
 14.1 General. The Company shall not be required to sell or issue any shares of Stock under any Award if the sale or issuance of such shares would constitute a violation by the Participant, any other individual exercising an Option, or the Company of any provision of any law or regulation, including any federal or state securities laws or regulations, and may condition such sale or issuance upon the listing, registration, or qualification of such shares upon any securities exchange or under any governmental regulatory body to the extent determined to be necessary or desirable by the Company in its discretion. Any resulting delay shall in no way affect the date of termination of the Award. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, unless a registration statement under the Securities Act is in effect for the shares of Stock covered by an Option or other Award, the Company shall not be required to sell or issue any shares upon exercise of any Option or underlying any Award unless the Committee has received evidence satisfactory to it that the Participant or any other individual exercising an Option may acquire such shares under an exemption from registration under the Securities Act. Any such determination by the Committee shall be final, binding, and conclusive. The Company may, but shall in no event be obligated to, register any applicable securities under the Securities Act or take any affirmative action in order to cause the exercise of an Option or the issuance of shares of Stock under the Plan to comply with any law or regulation. As to any jurisdiction that expressly imposes the requirement that an Option shall not be exercisable until the shares of Stock covered by such Option are registered or are exempt from registration, the exercise of such Option (under circumstances in which the laws of such jurisdiction apply) shall be deemed conditioned upon the effectiveness of such registration or the availability of such an exemption. 
 14.2 Rule 16b-3. During any time when the Company has a class of equity security registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act, it is the intent of the Company that Awards under the Plan and the exercise of Options granted under the plan will qualify for the exemption provided by Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act. To the extent that any provision of the Plan or action by the Committee does not comply with the requirements of Rule 16b-3, it shall be deemed inoperative to the extent permitted by law and deemed advisable by the Committee, and shall not affect the validity of the Plan. If Rule 16b-3 is revised or replaced, the Committee may exercise its discretion to modify this Plan in any respect necessary to satisfy the requirements of, or to take advantage of any features of, the revised exemption or its replacement. 
 
 15. EFFECT OF CHANGES IN CAPITALIZATION 
 15.1 Changes in Stock. If the number of outstanding shares of Stock is increased or decreased or the shares of Stock are changed into or exchanged for a different number or kind of shares or other securities of the Company on account of any corporate transaction effected without receipt of consideration by the Company occurring after the Effective Date, the number and kinds of shares (i) for which grants of Options and other Awards may be made under the Plan (including the individual share limitation set forth in Section 4.3(i)) and (ii) for which Awards are outstanding shall be adjusted proportionately and accordingly by the Company, with the adjustment to outstanding Awards to be made so that the proportionate interest of the Participant immediately following such event shall, to the extent practicable, be the same as immediately before such event. Any such adjustment in outstanding Options or SARs shall not change the aggregate Option Price or SAR Exercise Price payable for shares that are subject to the unexercised portion of an outstanding Option or SAR, as applicable, but shall include a corresponding 
 11 

proportionate adjustment in the Option Price or SAR Exercise Price per share. The conversion of any convertible securities of the Company shall not be treated as an increase in shares effected without receipt of consideration. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of any distribution to the Company s shareholders of securities of any entity other than the Company or other assets (including an extraordinary dividend but excluding a non-extraordinary dividend of the Company) without receipt of consideration by the Company, the Company shall, in such manner as the Company deems appropriate, adjust (i) the number and kind of shares subject to outstanding Awards and or (ii) the Option Price or SAR Exercise Price of outstanding Options and SARs to reflect such distribution. 
 15.2 Reorganization in Which the Company Is the Surviving Entity and in Which No Change of Control Occurs. If the Company shall be the surviving entity in any reorganization, merger, or consolidation of the Company with one or more other entities in which no Change of Control occurs, any Option or SAR previously granted under the Plan shall pertain to and apply to the shares of Stock to which a holder of the shares of Stock subject to such Option or SAR would have been entitled immediately following such reorganization, merger, or consolidation, with a corresponding proportionate adjustment of the Option Price or SAR Exercise Price per share so that the resulting aggregate Option Price or SAR Exercise Price will be the same as the aggregate Option Price or SAR Exercise Price of the shares subject to the Option or SAR immediately prior to such reorganization, merger, or consolidation. Subject to any contrary language in an Award Agreement evidencing an Award, any restrictions applicable to such Award shall apply as well to any replacement shares received by the Participant as a result of the reorganization, merger, or consolidation. In the event of a transaction described in this Section 15.2, Stock Units and other Awards shall be adjusted so as to apply to the shares of Stock that the holder of the shares of Stock subject to such Stock Units or other Awards would have been entitled to receive immediately following such transaction. 
 15.3 Change of Control in Which Awards Are Not Assumed. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement, in another agreement with the Participant, or as otherwise set forth in writing, upon the occurrence of a Change of Control in which outstanding Awards are not being assumed or continued 
 (i) with the exception of Performance Awards and Annual Incentive Awards, all outstanding shares of Restricted Stock and all Stock Units shall be deemed to have vested, and all restrictions and conditions applicable to such shares of Restricted Stock and Stock Units shall be deemed to have lapsed immediately prior to the occurrence of such Change of Control, and 
 (ii) for Performance Awards and Annual Incentive Awards, all performance goals and conditions shall be deemed to have been satisfied immediately prior to the occurrence of such Change of Control based on either actual performance as of a date reasonably close to the date of the Change of Control or target performance, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion, and such Awards shall become payable pro-rata based on the portion of the applicable performance period completed as of the Change of Control, and 
 (iii) either or both of the following two actions shall be taken 
 (A) fifteen (15) days prior to the scheduled Change of Control, all Options and SARs outstanding shall become immediately vested and exercisable and shall remain exercisable for a period of fifteen (15) days, and or 
 (B) the Committee may elect, in its sole discretion, to cancel any outstanding Awards of Options, Restricted Stock, Stock Units, and or SARs and pay or deliver, or cause to be paid or delivered, to the holder an amount in cash or securities having a value (as determined by the Committee acting in good faith), in the case of Restricted Stock or Stock Units, equal to the formula or fixed price per share paid to holders of shares of Stock and, in the case of vested and unvested Options or SARs, equal to the product of the number of shares of Stock subject to the Option or SAR (the Award Shares multiplied by the amount, if any, by which (I) the formula or fixed price per share paid to holders of shares of Stock under such transaction exceeds (II) the Option Price or SAR Exercise Price applicable to such Award Shares. 
 If the Company establishes an exercise window, (i) any exercise of an Option or SAR during such fifteen (15) day period shall be conditioned upon the Change of Control taking place and shall be effective only immediately before the Change of Control takes place, and (ii) upon any Change of Control, the Plan, and all outstanding but unexercised Options and SARs shall terminate. The Committee shall send 
 12 

written notice of an event that will result in such a termination to all individuals who hold Options and SARs not later than the time at which the Company gives notice to its shareholders. 
 15.4 Change of Control in Which Awards Are Assumed. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement, in another agreement with the Participant, or as otherwise set forth in writing, upon a Change of Control in which outstanding Awards are being assumed or continued, the following provisions shall apply to such Award, to the extent assumed or continued 
 The Plan and the Options, SARs, Stock Units, and Restricted Stock granted under the Plan shall continue in the manner and under the terms so provided in the event of any Change of Control to the extent that provision is made in writing in connection with such Change of Control for the continuation of the Plan or the assumption of the Options, SARs, Stock Units, and Restricted Stock previously granted, or for the substitution for such Options, SARs, Stock Units, and Restricted Stock for new common stock options and stock appreciation rights and new common stock units and restricted stock relating to the stock of a successor entity, or a parent or subsidiary, with appropriate adjustments as to the number of shares and option and stock appreciation right exercise prices. 
 In the event an Award is assumed, continued, or substituted upon the Change of Control and the Service of such Participant with the Company or an Affiliate (or a successor entity, or a parent or subsidiary) is terminated without Cause within one (1) year following the Change of Control, such Award (as assumed, continued, or substituted) shall become fully vested as of the date of such termination and may be exercised in full, to the extent applicable, beginning on the date of such termination and for the one (1) year period immediately following such termination or for such longer period as the Committee shall determine. 
 15.5 Adjustments. Adjustments under this Section 15.5 related to shares of Stock or securities of the Company shall be made by the Committee, whose determination shall be final, binding, and conclusive. No fractional shares or other securities shall be issued under any such adjustment, and any fractions resulting from any such adjustment shall be eliminated in each case by rounding downward to the nearest whole share. The Committee shall determine the effect of a Change of Control upon Awards other than Options, SARs, Stock Units, and Restricted Stock, and such effect shall be set forth in the appropriate Award Agreement. The Committee may provide in the Award Agreements at the time of grant, or any time later with the consent of the Participant, for different provisions to apply to an Award in place of those described in Sections 15.1, 15.2,15.3, and 15.4. 
 15.6 No Limitations on Company. The making of Awards under the Plan shall not affect or limit in any way the right or power of the Company to make adjustments, reclassifications, reorganizations, or changes of its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, or liquidate, or to sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets. 
 16. EFFECTIVE DATE, DURATION AND AMENDMENTS 
 16.1 Effective Date. The Plan is effective as of the Effective Date. Following the Effective Date, no further awards shall be made under the Prior Plan. However, shares of Stock reserved under the Prior Plan to settle awards, including performance-based awards, that were granted under the Prior Plan prior to the Effective Date may be issued and delivered following the Effective Date to settle those awards. 
 16.2 Term. The Plan shall terminate automatically on the day before the tenth (10th) anniversary of the Effective Date and may be terminated on any earlier date as provided in Section 16.3. 
 16.3 Amendment and Termination of the Plan. The Committee may amend, suspend, or terminate the Plan. No amendment will be made to the no-re-pricing provisions of Section 2.2, the Option Price provisions of Section 6.1, or the SAR Exercise Price provisions of Section 7.1 without the approval of the Company s shareholders. Other amendments will be contingent on approval of the Company s shareholders to the extent stated by the Committee, required by applicable law, or required by applicable stock exchange listing requirements. 
 No Awards shall be made after termination of the Plan. No amendment, suspension, or termination of the Plan shall impair rights or obligations under any Participant s Award under the Plan, without the consent of the Participant. 
 13 

17. GENERAL PROVISIONS 
 17.1 Disclaimer of Rights. No provision in the Plan or in any Award or Award Agreement shall be construed to confer upon any individual the right to remain in the employ or service of the Company, or to interfere in any way with any contractual or other right or authority of the Company either to increase or decrease the compensation or other payments to any individual at any time, or to terminate any employment or other relationship between any individual and the Company. In addition, notwithstanding anything contained in the Plan to the contrary, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Award Agreement, no Award granted under the Plan shall be affected by any change of duties or position of the Participant, so long as such Participant continues to be a Service Provider of the Company or an Affiliate. The obligation of the Company to pay any benefits under this Plan shall be interpreted as a contractual obligation to pay only those amounts described in the Plan, in the manner and under the conditions prescribed in the Plan. The Plan shall in no way be interpreted to require the Company to transfer any amounts to a third party trustee or otherwise hold any amounts in trust or escrow for payment to any Participant or beneficiary under the terms of the Plan. 
 17.2 Nonexclusivity of the Plan. Neither the adoption of the Plan nor the submission of the Plan to the shareholders of the Company for approval shall be construed as creating any limitations upon the right and authority of the Committee to adopt such other incentive compensation arrangements (which arrangements may be applicable either generally to a class or classes of individuals or specifically to a particular individual or particular individuals) as the Committee in its discretion determines desirable, including, without limitation, the granting of stock options otherwise than under the Plan. 
 17.3 Withholding Taxes. The Company shall have the right to deduct from payments of any kind otherwise due to a Participant any federal, state, or local taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld relating to the vesting of or other lapse of restrictions applicable to an Award or upon the issuance of any shares of Stock upon the exercise of an Option or Award. At the time of such vesting, lapse, exercise or issuance, the Participant shall pay to the Company, any amount that the Company may reasonably determine to be necessary to satisfy such withholding obligation. Subject to the prior approval of the Company, which may be withheld by the Company in its sole discretion, the Participant may elect to satisfy such obligations, in whole or in part (i) by causing the Company to withhold shares of Stock otherwise issuable to the Participant or (ii) by delivering to the Company shares of Stock already owned by the Participant. The shares of Stock so delivered or withheld shall have an aggregate Fair Market Value equal to such withholding obligations. The Fair Market Value of the shares of Stock used to satisfy such withholding obligation shall be determined by the Company as of the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is to be determined. A Participant who has made an election under this Section 17.3 may satisfy his or her withholding obligation only with shares of Stock that are not subject to any repurchase, forfeiture, unfulfilled vesting, or other similar requirements. The maximum number of shares of Stock that may be withheld from any Award to satisfy any federal, state or local tax withholding requirements upon the exercise, vesting, lapse of restrictions applicable to such Award or payment of shares under such Award, as applicable, cannot exceed such number of shares having a Fair Market Value equal to the minimum statutory amount required by the Company to be withheld and paid to any such federal, state or local taxing authority relating to such exercise, vesting, lapse of restrictions or payment of shares provided, however, that as long as Accounting Standards Update 2016-09 or a similar rule is otherwise in effect, the Committee has full discretion to choose, or to allow a Participant to elect, to withhold a number of shares of Stock having a Fair Market Value that is greater than the applicable minimum statutory amount (but such withholding may in no event be in excess of the maximum statutory withholding amount(s) in a Participant s relevant tax jurisdictions). 
 17.4 Captions. The use of captions in this Plan or any Award Agreement is for the convenience of reference only and shall not affect the meaning of any provision of the Plan or such Award Agreement. 
 17.5 Other Provisions. Each Award granted under the Plan may contain such other terms and conditions not inconsistent with the Plan as may be determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion. 
 17.6 Severability. If any provision of the Plan or any Award Agreement shall be determined to be illegal or unenforceable by any court of law in any jurisdiction, the remaining provisions shall be severable and enforceable in accordance with their terms, and all provisions shall remain enforceable in any other jurisdiction. 
 17.7 Governing Law. The validity and construction of this Plan and the instruments evidencing the Awards under the Plan shall be governed by the laws of the State of Maryland, other than any conflicts or choice of law rule or principle that might otherwise refer construction or interpretation of this Plan and the 
 14 

instruments evidencing the Awards granted under the Plan to the substantive laws of any other jurisdiction. 
 17.8 Code Section 409A. For Awards that constitute nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Code Section 409A, the Company generally intends, but is not obligated, to grant Awards that will comply with Code Section 409A or an exemption to Code Section 409A. To the extent that the Committee determines that a Participant would be subject to the additional twenty percent (20 tax imposed on certain nonqualified deferred compensation plans under Code Section 409A as a result of any provision of any Award granted under this Plan, such provision shall be deemed amended to the minimum extent necessary to avoid application of such additional tax. The nature of any such amendment shall be determined by the Committee. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, to the extent required to avoid accelerated taxation and tax penalties under Code Section 409A, amounts that would otherwise be payable and benefits that would otherwise be provided pursuant to the Plan during the six (6)-month period immediately following the Participant s separation from service (as defined for purposes of Code Section 409A) will instead be paid on the first payroll date after the six (6)-month anniversary of the Participant s separation from service (or the Participant s death, if earlier). Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, in the case of an Award that is characterized as deferred compensation under Code Section 409A, and pursuant to which settlement and delivery of the cash or shares of Stock subject to the Award is triggered based on a Change in Control, in no event will a Change in Control be deemed to have occurred for purposes of such settlement and delivery of cash or shares of Stock if the transaction is not also a change in the ownership or effective control of the Company, or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company, as determined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) (without regard to any alternative definition thereunder). If an Award characterized as deferred compensation under Code Section 409A is not settled and delivered on account of the provision of the preceding sentence, the settlement and delivery shall occur on the next succeeding settlement and delivery triggering event that is a permissible triggering event under Code Section 409A. No provision of this paragraph shall in any way affect the determination of a Change in Control for purposes of vesting in an Award that is characterized as deferred compensation under Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 17.8 to the contrary, neither the Company nor the Board or the Committee will have any obligation to take any action to prevent the assessment of any excise tax or penalty on any Participant under Code Section 409A, and neither the Company nor the Board or the Committee will have any liability to any Participant for such tax or penalty. 
 
 15 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-21>
 5
 psa-123122xex21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 The Registrant s principal subsidiaries are listed below. In addition, the Registrant has approximately 290 subsidiaries that are not required to be listed pursuant to SEC rules. 
 
 Name Location of Formation PS LPT Properties Investors Maryland PS California Holdings, Inc 
 Delaware 
 
 The Registrant directly or indirectly owns 100 of the subsidiaries listed above. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 psa-123122xex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 (1) Registration Statement on Form S-3ASR (No. 333-264750) and related prospectus, 
 (2) Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No.333-255733) and related prospectus of Public Storage for the registration of common shares of beneficial interest pertaining to the Public Storage 2021 Equity and Performance-Based Incentive Compensation Plan, 
 (3) Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-210937) and related prospectus of Public Storage for the registration of common shares of beneficial interest pertaining to the Public Storage 2016 Equity and Performance-Based Incentive Compensation Plan, 
 (4) Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-195646) and related prospectus of Public Storage for the registration of common shares of beneficial interest pertaining to the Public Storage 2007 Equity and Performance-Based Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended, and 
 (5) Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No.333-144907) and related prospectus of Public Storage for the registration of common shares of beneficial interest pertaining to the Public Storage 2007 Equity and Performance-Based Incentive Compensation Plan 
 of our reports dated February 21, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Public Storage and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Public Storage included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Public Storage for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s ERNST & YOUNG LLP 

February 21, 2023 
 Los Angeles, California 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 psa-123122xex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 RULE 13A 14(a) CERTIFICATION 
 I, Joseph D. Russell, Jr., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Public Storage 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s Joseph D. Russell, Jr. Name Joseph D. Russell, Jr. Title President and Chief Executive Officer Date February 21, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 psa-123122xex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 RULE 13A 14(a) CERTIFICATION 
 I, H. Thomas Boyle, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Public Storage 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s H. Thomas Boyle 
 Name H. Thomas Boyle Title Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Investment Officer Date February 21, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 9
 psa-123122xex32.htm
 EX-32

Document 
 Exhibit 32 

 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Public Storage (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on the date hereof (the Report ), Joseph D. Russell, Jr., as Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company and H. Thomas Boyle, as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Sarbanes-Oxley ), that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Joseph D. Russell, Jr. Name Joseph D. Russell, Jr. Title President and Chief Executive Officer Date February 21, 2023 
 
 s H. Thomas Boyle 
 Name H. Thomas Boyle Title Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Investment Officer Date February 21, 2023 
 
 This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley and shall not, except to the extent required by Sarbanes-Oxley, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of 18 of the Exchange Act. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley has been provided to the Company, and will be retained and furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 psa-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 psa-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 psa-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 psa-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 psa-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

