<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230227_10-K_edgar_data_1138639_0001138639-23-000028.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16342610</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>503264</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2586756</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5638481</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3820094</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3502599</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001138639-23-000028.hdr.sgml : 20230227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230227160548
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001138639-23-000028
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		134
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Infinera Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001138639
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEPHONE & TELEGRAPH APPARATUS [3661]
		IRS NUMBER:				770560433
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33486
		FILM NUMBER:		23674737

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6373 SAN IGNACIO AVENUE
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95119
		BUSINESS PHONE:		408-572-5200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6373 SAN IGNACIO AVENUE
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95119

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INFINERA Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20161219

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INFINERA CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20030528

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ZEPTON NETWORKS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010418

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001138639-23-000028.txt : 20230227

10-K
 1
 infn-20221231.htm
 10-K

infn-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 Form 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 
 
 oration 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code)Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock, 0.001 par value per share, held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 25, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately (based on the closing sales price of the registrant s common stock on that date). Shares of the registrant s common stock held by each officer and director and each person who owns more than 10 or more of the outstanding common stock of the registrant have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. As of February 21, 2023, shares of the registrant s common stock, 0.001 par value per share, were issued and outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Table of Contents 
 Page Part I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 16 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 45 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 45 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 45 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 45 
 Part II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 46 
 Item 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 47 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 48 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 63 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 64 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 68 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 69 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 70 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 71 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 72 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 74 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 117 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 117 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 118 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 118 
 Part III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 119 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 119 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 119 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 119 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 119 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 120 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 120 
 Signatures 
 124 

Part I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Overview 
 Infinera Corporation we, us, our , Infinera or the "Company") is a semiconductor manufacturer and a global supplier of networking solutions comprised of networking equipment, optical semiconductors, software and services. Our portfolio of solutions includes optical transport platforms, converged packet-optical transport platforms, compact modular platforms, optical line systems, coherent optical engines and subsystems, a suite of automation software offerings, and support and professional services. Leveraging our U.S.-based compound semiconductor fabrication plant ("fab") and in-house packaging capabilities, we design, develop, and manufacture industry-leading indium phosphide-based photonic integrated circuits ("PICs") for use in Infinera s vertically integrated, high-capacity optical communications products. 
 Our customers include operators of fixed line and mobile networks, including telecommunications service providers, internet content providers ICPs ), cable providers, wholesale carriers, research and education institutions, large enterprises, utilities and government entities. Our networking solutions enable our customers to deliver high-bandwidth business and consumer communications services. Our comprehensive portfolio of networking solutions also enables our customers to scale their transport networks as end-user services and applications continue to drive growth in demand for network bandwidth. These end-user services and applications include, but are not limited to, high-speed internet access, 4G/5G mobile broadband, cloud-based services, high-definition video streaming services, virtual and augmented reality, the Internet of Things IoT ), business Ethernet services and data center interconnect ("DCI"). 
 As an optical semiconductor manufacturer, we specialize in the manufacturing of optical compound semiconductors using indium phosphide ("InP"). This technology is used in telecommunications networks to transmit massive amounts of data and power critical communications services like 5G, enhanced broadband, and high-capacity data center connectivity. Infinera has made significant investments in our unique research, development, fabrication, and packaging facilities, including our optical compound semiconductor fab in Silicon Valley. We optimize the manufacturing process by using InP to build our PICs, which enables the integration of hundreds of optical functions onto a single, monolithic optical semiconductor chip. The unique capabilities of our optical semiconductor fab, which has provided our customers with a critical and secure source of U.S.-produced optical semiconductors and strengthened the supply chain, have enabled us to consistently pioneer critical technology advancements. For example, our latest generation of technology has made it possible to transmit information at a rate of 800 gigabits per second Gb/s using a single laser. 
 We support U.S. government efforts to advance and increase the domestic manufacturing base for semiconductors as a matter of economic and national security. Compound semiconductors including those based in InP are an important part of the domestic semiconductor industry and will enable the next-generation of leading-edge technologies. Domestic manufacturing is critical in order to reduce our reliance on foreign sources of compound semiconductor materials and components, which is essential to economic growth and to the security of our domestic communications infrastructure. 
 The large-scale integration of our PICs and advanced digital signal processors DSPs enables us to develop and manufacture high-performance optical engines that are used in our coherent optical networking system and subsystem solutions. These solutions include features that customers care about the most, including reduced cost per bit, lower footprint and power consumption, and improved performance, reliability and security. Coherent optical solutions are becoming increasingly important across the network as our customers transition to 800 Gb/s per wavelength transmission speeds and beyond in the core, 400 Gb/s in the metro, and 100 Gb/s in the access market segment. We believe our vertical integration strategy provides a competitive advantage by enabling leading optical performance at higher optical speeds with increased spectral efficiency, greater control over our supply chain, and a lower cost structure. 
 We have grown our solutions portfolio through internal development as well as acquisitions, including the acquisition of Telecom Holding Parent LLC Coriant ), a privately held global supplier of open network solutions for the largest global network operators (the Acquisition ). These developments positioned us to be one of the leading providers of vertically integrated optical networking solutions in the world with the ability to serve a global customer base with accelerated delivery of the innovative solutions our customers demand. In 2021, we announced an expansion of our portfolio with the introduction of a suite of coherent optical pluggables 
 1 

designed to seamlessly address the rapidly growing market for point-to-point solutions as well as create a new category of point-to-multipoint solutions that can enable a dramatically more cost-efficient network architecture. Based on our vertically integrated optical semiconductor technology and supporting a range of high-speed transport rates that include 800 Gb/s, 400 Gb/s and 100 Gb/s, this suite of coherent optical pluggables builds on our history of delivering innovative, highly differentiated, and vertically integrated coherent optical engines. 
 Our products are designed to be managed by a suite of software solutions that enable simplified network management and automated operations. We also provide software-enabled programmability that offers differentiated capabilities such as Instant Bandwidth. Combined with our differentiated hardware solutions, Instant Bandwidth enables our customers to purchase and activate bandwidth as needed through our unique software licensing feature set. This, in turn, allows our customers to accomplish two key objectives: (1) limit their initial network startup costs and investments; and (2) instantly activate new bandwidth as their customers and their own network capacity needs evolve. 
 We believe our systems and subsystems portfolios benefit our customers by providing a unique combination of highly scalable capacity and features that address access to core transport network applications and ultimately simplify and automate network operations. Our high-performance optical transport solutions leverage the industry shift to open optical network architectures and enable our customers to efficiently and cost-effectively meet bandwidth demand, which continues to grow 30 or more year-over-year. 
 We were incorporated in December 2000 and originally operated under the name Zepton Networks. We are incorporated in the State of Delaware. Our principal executive offices are located at 6373 San Ignacio Avenue, San Jose, CA 95119. Our telephone number is (408) 572-5200. Infinera, FlexCoherent, and the Infinera logo, are trademarks or service marks of Infinera Corporation in the United States, certain other countries and/or the European Union. Any other trademarks or trade names mentioned are the property of their respective owners. 
 Industry Background 
 Optical transport networking equipment carries digital information using light waves over fiber optic cables. With the advent of dense wavelength division multiplexing DWDM systems, data is transmitted by using multiple wavelengths of light using different frequencies or colors over a single optical fiber. Customers deploy DWDM systems to carry information between continents, across countries, between cities and within metropolitan areas, and in some cases all the way to the end-user. Fiber optic networks are generally capable of carrying most types of communications traffic. Coherent optical technology is the latest innovation in DWDM transmission solutions, dramatically increasing the amount of information a single laser can transmit. 
 We believe that a number of trends in the communications industry are driving demand for large amounts of network bandwidth and ultimately will increase demand for advanced optical transport networking solutions. These trends include: 
 growth of cloud services; 
 growth of over-the-top services and high-definition video streaming; 
 growth of mobile broadband services, including 4G and emerging 5G services; 
 growth of edge computing resources closer to end-users; 
 increasing use of connected virtual and augmented reality devices; and 
 the IoT, which continues to drive massive growth in the number of network-connected devices. 
 As network traffic grows, network operators will need to continue to add transmission capacity to existing optical networks or deploy new systems and/or subsystems to address bandwidth demand and offer new end-user services. 
 We believe we are in the midst of an important shift in transport network architectures that impact the markets we serve. The shift to open and disaggregated networks is increasingly being embraced by the communications industry. Examples of this trend include separation of compute, storage, and networking in data centers, the separation of hardware, operating system and applications in smart phones, hardware/software separation in network function virtualization and hardware and software routing stack routers, and open radio access network initiatives for 5G. Industry evolution is now enabling optical networking to leverage these same principles of openness and disaggregation. 
 2 

Optical networking technology has evolved to enable open networks at the physical and management layer. These technologies allow network operators to move from a traditional vendor locked-in model to a more flexible model where they can choose from a collection of modular, best-of-breed solutions from different suppliers for each network function. Open and standards-based interfaces ease the integration into a unified network architecture. 
 The shift to open optical networking provides network operators with key benefits that include: 
 Accelerated innovation cycles: By leveraging the full innovation capabilities of the optical ecosystem, network operators are able to select best-in-class technologies and vendors independently throughout the network lifecycle. Solution providers can also develop innovative technologies for specific network functions without having to supply end-to-end networking solutions, significantly broadening the innovation ecosystem. 
 Optimized network architectures: By selecting the ideal products and technologies for each layer and domain of the network independently, network operators are able to optimize their optical network for specific applications and services and avoid the constraints of a single-vendor for one-size-fits-all solutions. 
 Improved network economics: Open optical networks enable cost-per-bit reducing innovations to be quickly deployed throughout the network lifecycle, with customized multi-vendor network designs providing additional scope for cost-optimization as capacity and service demands evolve. 
 A second shift is happening at the edge of the network, where capacity is growing beyond the ability of traditional, non-coherent optical solutions to address. This increasing capacity demand is driving the need for innovative edge- and access-optimized coherent optical transport solutions. These include more compact, efficient and cost-effective solutions as well as innovative coherent optical pluggable solutions such as ICE-X optics point-to-point and point-to-multipoint technology that can enable significant cost savings by simplifying network architectures. 
 Strategy 
 Our goal is to be the preeminent provider of high-performance transport technologies and solutions that enable our customers to cost-efficiently scale network capacity and launch new services in response to increasing end-user bandwidth demand. Key aspects of our strategy include: 
 Leveraging our U.S.-based optical semiconductor fab and packaging capabilities and vertically integrated solutions to deliver lowest total cost network solutions. We will continue to provide our customers with differentiated value by leveraging our vertically integrated optical engine. Our strategy is to continue to evolve our unique optical technology with higher speed and increasingly efficient capabilities, integrating our vertically integrated optical engines across a broad range of our open optical networking systems and expanding our addressable market with a suite of with vertically integrated subsystem and coherent optical pluggable solutions. 
 Driving cost structure optimization and achieving cost advantages of scale. Leveraging scale as part of our vertical integration strategy, which includes integration of our optical engine across our broad portfolio of systems and subsystems, enables us to achieve cost advantages and cost structure efficiencies that enhance our ability to continue to invest in research and development in our optical engine and end-to-end portfolio, as well as drive profitability. In particular, we believe our vertically integrated in-house optical semiconductor manufacturing capabilities serve as a competitive advantage from a technology and supply chain perspective and enable a lower cost structure and higher profitability. 
 Building open optical networking solutions. Our strategy is focused on leveraging open optical networking principles, including disaggregated networking solutions and industry-leading optical technology with open application programming interfaces APIs and standardized data models to offer our customers best-in-class solutions and create insertion opportunities to gain market share. Open optical networking provides benefits for both network operators and innovative solution providers. These benefits include accelerating innovation cycles, enabling optimized and differentiated networking solutions, and the ability to transform network economics. 
 Delivering a superior customer experience. Our success will continue to be driven by our commitment to providing a superior experience to all customers. In addition to product delivery 
 3 

capability that efficiently and predictably delivers innovative technology and high-quality products to market, we bring value to our customers by providing differentiated capabilities that include usage-based bandwidth provisioning, service agility and ease-of-use that accelerates time-to-revenue. Additionally, our global customer services team is committed to making our customers successful by providing the highest quality support services that help our customers deploy, operate and maintain their networks. We believe our technology leadership combined with our ability to provide the most reliable products and a differentiated customer experience contribute to customer success and represent major differentiators. 
 Utilizing software-driven automation to deliver differentiated solutions. We believe we lead the industry in ease-of-use and automation, both integrated into our system and sub-system designs and facilitated by our software capabilities. We continue to invest in our differentiated technologies, including enhancing capabilities of Instant Bandwidth offerings and introducing automation and programmability capabilities. Additionally, based on our customers desire for open networking solutions, we have introduced new cloud-based software capabilities designed to streamline and simplify operations of multi-vendor optical networks. This includes the addition of open APIs in our networking platforms and intelligent coherent optical pluggable management capabilities. 
 Customers, Products and Services 
 Our customer verticals include: 
 Tier 1 carriers for domestic and international networks; 
 Tier 2 and Tier 3 carriers; 
 ICP and cloud providers; 
 cable providers and Multiple System Operators ("MSOs"); 
 wholesale carriers; 
 submarine network operators; 
 utilities; 
 large enterprise customers; 
 research and education institutions; 
 government entities; and 
 third-party network equipment manufacturers. 
 In the markets we serve, we believe our customers seek the following solutions to meet growing bandwidth needs, increase their revenue, expand their service offerings and lower the total cost of their operations: 
 high-bandwidth solutions that scale optical transmission capacity to meet increasing bandwidth demand while providing efficiency through service granularity; 
 flexible, efficient and easy to deploy core-to-edge coherent optical solutions that optimize performance and increase reliability while reducing physical space and power consumption, leading to lower operational and capital expenses; 
 easy-to-use solutions that are highly programmable, open, and automated, which help reduce the time and complexity of deploying new transmission bandwidth; and 
 strong encryption at the transport layer. 
 We sell our products to end-user customers and third-party network equipment manufacturers via a direct sales force and through indirect channel partners. One customer accounted for approximately 11 of our revenue in fiscal years 2022 and 2020. No customer accounted for 10 or more of our revenue in fiscal year 2021. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, our top ten customers accounted for approximately 48 and 42 of our total revenue, respectively. 
 4 

We have focused our efforts and capital on developing high-performance, vertically integrated transport technologies and solutions that enable customers to cost-efficiently scale network capacity and launch new services in response increasing end-user bandwidth demand. Our products feature industry-leading optical performance for capacity-reach, high service port density, a low power profile, and open automation software that allows fast and simple provisioning of network services. 
 We believe one of our key differentiating capabilities is our deep vertical integration of high-end optical technology, including optical semiconductors. We have a world-class team of scientists and engineers that is responsible for driving the opto-electronic innovations that are integrated into our coherent transport solutions. Core engineering disciplines include coherent application-specific integrated circuit ("ASIC")/DSP design, PIC design and manufacture, analog ASIC design, advanced packaging design and manufacture, and holistic co-design, including the RF interconnect. Our experts have achieved many industry firsts, including the first large-scale PIC, the first coherent PIC, the first commercial super-channels, the first Nyquist subcarriers, and the first point-to-multipoint coherent technology. Additional innovation highlights include soft-decision forward error correction gain sharing techniques and long-codeword probabilistic constellation shaping. These innovations are the foundation for the superior reach performance of our 1.6 Terabit per second ("Tb/s")-capable ICE6 optical engine and our industry-first point-to-multipoint technology. They have resulted in Infinera setting numerous industry records for optical transmission. 
 Financially, we believe our in-house developed technology approach coupled with our unique monolithic InP semiconductor technology enables improved manufacturing economics for optical networking, allowing future optical transport cost reductions to be viably sustained on a cost curve defined by volume manufacturing efficiencies and greater functional integration. These advantages also allow us to develop new technologies and solutions that offer our customers innovative ways to solve their business needs. 
 Product Portfolio 
 Our hardware product portfolio consists of compact modular platforms, packet-optical platforms, optical line systems, and optical subsystems. Software products include the Infinera Transcend Software Suite, which includes automation and network management software. These products address multiple market segments in the end-to-end transport infrastructure, including metro, long-haul and subsea. DCI is a subset of these markets. We also provide customer support services, including professional service offerings designed to help customers optimize their network assets and migrate legacy services. 
 Compact Modular Platforms 
 Infinera Cloud Xpress Family 
 The Infinera Cloud Xpress Family is designed to meet the varying needs of ICPs, communication service providers, internet exchange service providers, enterprises and other large-scale data center operators. The first generation of the Cloud Xpress has a 500 Gb/s DWDM super-channel output in 2 rack units ("RUs"). Our second generation, the Cloud Xpress 2, released in June 2017, leverages the ICE4 optical engine, and has a 1.2 Tb/s super-channel output in 1RU. These platforms are designed with a rack-and-stack form factor and utilize a software approach that enables them to easily plug into existing cloud provisioning systems using open software defined networking ("SDN") APIs, an approach similar to the server and storage infrastructure deployed in the cloud. 
 Infinera Groove (GX) Series 
 The Infinera Groove (GX) Series of highly compact, modular, and sled-based platforms includes integrated muxponder and optical line system capabilities optimized to support a variety of transport network applications. With a compact and flexible architectural design, the GX Series supports up to 800 Gb/s per wavelength (via ICE6) to deliver cost-optimized optical reach in metro and long-haul applications, enabling rapid capacity increases as network traffic grows. The GX muxponder solution supports deployment over virtually any optical line system, enabling network operators to easily introduce our best-of-breed, high-performance transmission capabilities over existing infrastructure. 
 Infinera XT Series 
 The Infinera XT Series of compact, open and disaggregated platforms, powered by our ICE4 optical engine, delivers up to 2.4 Tb/s of line-side capacity for metro, DCI, regional and long-haul networks in compact 
 5 

1RU and 4RU form factors, with ultra-long-haul and submarine reach. These platforms are designed to power cloud scale network services over metro, DCI, long-haul and subsea networks. 
 Optical Line Systems 
 Infinera Groove (GX) Series 
 In addition to muxponder functionality, the Infinera Groove (GX) Series also supports a variety of multi-haul optical line system capabilities. From compact plug-and-play optical function to comprehensive multi-degree reconfigurable optical add-drop multiplexer ROADM capabilities, the GX Series provides a single configurable system to address virtually any optical networking application. With natively open interfaces, the GX Series supports seamless integration into a variety of networks and open optical applications. 
 Infinera 7300 Series 
 The Infinera 7300 Series is an SDN-ready coherent optical transport system. Supporting the latest optical technology, the 7300 Series addresses the needs of regional, long-haul, and ultra-long-haul optical networking, including long, unrepeatered single-span and festoon subsea networks. The 7300 enables network operators to achieve the highest network resiliency with fast optical protection switching and the use of autonomous and SDN-controlled restoration capabilities. 
 Infinera FlexILS Open Optical Line System 
 The Infinera FlexILS open optical line system connects various Infinera and third-party terminal equipment platforms over long-distance fiber optic cable while providing switching, multiplexing, amplification and management channels. The FlexILS solution is designed to support over 50 Tb/s of fiber capacity when used with the Infinera platforms over extended C-band and L-band. The FlexILS supports ROADM functionality with a flexible grid architecture and provides unconstrained optical switching by eliminating the restrictions of fixed wavelengths by port or direction. This platform is designed to provide open APIs interfacing with SDN control for multi-layer switching when combined with other platforms featuring DWDM, optical transport network ("OTN") and packet switching. 
 Packet-Optical Platforms 
 Infinera 7090 Series 
 The Infinera 7090 Packet Transport Platforms provide both Multiprotocol Label Switching Transport Profile ("MPLS-TP") and Carrier Ethernet-based options, addressing applications including business Ethernet services, migration from TDM to packet, and residential and mobile backhaul. The 7090 Series includes MPLS-TP platforms with capacities ranging from 5 Gb/s to 960 Gb/s and Carrier Ethernet-based platforms that provide a range of compact gigabit Ethernet GbE and 10 GbE access devices. 
 Infinera XTM Series 
 The Infinera XTM Series packet-optical transport platform enables high-performance metro connectivity solutions with service-aware capabilities optimized for 5G, Fiber Deep, business services and other metro transport applications. The XTM Series offers superior density, lower power consumption and higher scalability for multi-service metro access and aggregation networks, including integrated Layer 1 and Layer 2 support and Time Sensitive Networking features required for 5G mobile x-haul applications. The platform is designed for application-rich packet-optical metro networks providing cable, mobile, broadband and business services that require 10 Gb/s, 100 Gb/s or 200 Gb/s wavelengths with differentiated performance. This offering includes Auto-Lambda, a feature that provides a unique solution for deploying access and aggregation networks. Auto-Lambda enables network operators to simply plug DWDM optics into aggregation and access nodes, which allows the packet-optical network element to automatically tune each of the optical signals to the appropriate wavelength. 
 Infinera 7100 Series 
 Infinera 7100 Series of packet-optical transport platforms are right-sized and support a flexible mix of transponders, muxponders, packet switching, OTN switching, SONET/SDH switching, and ROADM-based optical line systems, providing compact and flexible transport for metro networks. The 7100 Series includes the 7100 Nano, a 5RU platform optimized for metro transport and the 7100 Pico, a 2RU platform that extends services to the metro edge and enables metro access applications. The 7100 Series also includes the PSX-3S, a 1RU 376 Gb/s packet switch optimized for aggregation and access applications. 
 6 

Infinera mTera Series 
 The Infinera mTera Universal Transport Platform is a flexible and efficient network transport solution supporting scalable grooming and an innovative protocol-agnostic switch fabric in which each and every port on virtually every card can be software-configured between OTN and Ethernet. The mTera Series includes a compact 8-slot, 4 Tb/s shelf and a higher capacity 14-slot, 7 Tb/s shelf, with paired 14-slot shelves able to deliver 12 Tb/s of electrical switching. The mTera Series combines SDN-ready, advanced ROADM capabilities and support for the universal switching of OTN, packet and SONET/SDH traffic at the electrical layer. 
 Infinera XTC Series 
 The Infinera XTC Series includes multi-terabit packet optical transport platforms that integrate digital OTN switching and optical DWDM transmission. The XTC Series delivers converged packet, OTN, and DWDM for metro core, regional, long-haul, and subsea applications. The XTC Series features ICE4, Instant Bandwidth, and massively simple operations to drive cost reduction and speed time to revenue. These platforms also support a broad range of Ethernet and OTN client interfaces for flexibility and are designed for metro, long-haul and subsea networks. 
 Coherent Optical Subsystems 
 ICE-X Coherent Pluggable Optics 
 ICE-X is a suite of coherent pluggable optics designed to seamlessly address point-to-point (including ZR+) and point-to-multipoint transport applications from the network edge to the core. The suite of vertically integrated ICE-X coherent optical pluggables will offer network operators the performance, scale, efficiency, and manageability critical to infrastructure support for the delivery of differentiated 5G, enhanced broadband, and next-generation cloud and business services. ICE-X coherent optical pluggables will support a range of transport rates, including 800 Gb/s, 400 Gb/s and 100 Gb/s, and utilize industry-standard form factors to enable ease of deployment in a wide variety of networking elements. These networking elements include optical transport platforms, compact modular platforms, routers, switches, servers and mobile radio units. Customers for Infinera s suite of ICE-X coherent optical pluggables include communications service providers, ICPs, enterprises and third-party network equipment manufacturers. 
 Software 
 Transcend Software Suite 
 Leveraging cloud-native technologies and SDN principles, the Infinera Transcend Software Suite is a comprehensive software platform that provides automation capabilities designed to help network operators reduce operational costs, optimize network assets, speed time to revenue, and maximize network and service availability. Our programmable Transcend Network Management System ("NMS") provides full end-to-end network and service management across multiple technologies and equipment vendors, while the Transcend Controller enables new, efficient, and innovative applications for network control and automation, extracting the most value out of packet optical networks. 
 Open Optical Networking Software 
 The Transcend Software Suite also includes software tools and applications that enable network operators to simplify the management of multi-vendor optical networks and leverage best-in-class technology from any number of suppliers in an open network environment. As part of this toolkit, Transcend Open Wave Manager makes it operationally simple to deploy, operate, and troubleshoot open wavelengths and our Intelligent Pluggables Manager brings the holistic, end-to-end optical networking operational capabilities of DWDM transponders to intelligent pluggable optics in any network platform. 
 System Software 
 Our networking platforms and ICE-X coherent optical pluggable solutions include system software designed to maximize reliability and streamline automation. This software controls all aspects of system operations, including command processing, system security, policy management, fault monitoring, and alarm reporting. Our system software is designed to be field upgradable, with minimal impact on customer traffic. 
 7 

Services 
 In connection with our product offerings, we provide a comprehensive range of professional, support and training services for all Infinera hardware and software products. These services cover all phases of network ownership, from the initial installation through ongoing operations and maintenance activities. Professional services extend to network optimization, expansion and modernization including migration of legacy transport services. Our global services organization is experienced and prepared to efficiently manage complex projects and assist with customer network operations in the face of today's ever-increasing demands for lower operational costs and minimized downtime. 
 We continue to expand and enhance our services portfolio, organization and capabilities to meet the evolving needs of our customers. 
 Competition 
 Our current technologies and platforms support the access, aggregation, metro, DCI, long-haul and subsea markets. The packet-optical networking equipment market is highly competitive and competition in the markets we serve is based on any one or a combination of the following factors: 
 the ability of products and services to meet customers immediate and future network requirements; 
 price and other commercial terms; 
 optical reach and capacity performance; 
 features and functionality; 
 existing business and customer relationships; 
 power consumption, heat dissipation, form factor and density; 
 installation and operational simplicity; 
 quality and reliability; 
 service and support; 
 security and encryption requirements; 
 scalability and investment protection; and 
 product availability and lead times. 
 Competition in the optical transport systems market is intense, with consolidation and geopolitical market shifts creating new competitive dynamics. In the long-haul market, our main competitors include DWDM systems suppliers such as Ciena, Huawei, Nokia and ZTE. In the metro market, we face the same competitors as in long-haul, in addition to Cisco, ADVA Optical Networking, Ribbon Communications, and Fujitsu, among others. In the DCI market we also face competition from vendors that are selling optical components such as pluggable optics directly to customers as opposed to DWDM systems. In addition to our current competitors, other companies have developed, or may in the future develop, system and subsystem products that are, or could be, competitive with our products. This includes companies such as Lumentum, Marvell, II-IV and potential competitors in China. We also may encounter competitor consolidation in the markets in which we compete, which could lead to a changing competitive landscape, capabilities and market share, and could impact our results of operations. 
 Some of our competitors have substantially greater name recognition, technical, financial, sales and marketing resources and may be perceived by our customers and suppliers to have greater financial stability, and better-established relationships with potential customers than we have. Many of our competitors have more resources and more experience in developing or acquiring new products and technologies, and in creating market awareness for those products and technologies. In addition, many of our competitors have the financial resources to offer competitive products at aggressive pricing levels that could prevent us from competing effectively. Further, many of our competitors have built long-standing relationships with some of our prospective and existing customers and have the ability to provide financing to customers and could, therefore, have an inherent advantage in selling products to those customers. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 8 

We market and sell our products and related support services primarily through our direct sales force, supported by marketing and product management personnel. We also use distribution or support partners to enter new markets or when requested by a potential customer. Our sales team has significant experience with the buying process and sales cycles typical of high-value telecommunications products. 
 The sales process for our products entails discussions with prospective customers, analyzing their networks and identifying how they can utilize our systems capabilities within their networks. This process requires developing strong customer relationships and leveraging our sales force and customer support capabilities. 
 Over the course of the sales cycle, potential customers often test our products before buying. Prior to commercial deployment, the customer will generally perform a field trial of our products. Upon successful completion, the customer generally accepts the products installed in its network and may continue with commercial deployment of additional products. We anticipate that our sales cycle, from initial contact with a prospective customer through the signing of a purchase agreement may, in some cases, take several quarters. 
 Direct Sales Force . Our sales team sells directly to service providers worldwide and is organized geographically around the following markets: (i) United States and Canada North America (ii) Latin America and South America LATAM (iii) Europe, Middle East and Africa EMEA and (iv) Asia Pacific and Japan APAC ). Within each geographic area, we maintain specific teams or personnel that focus on a particular region, country, customer or market vertical. We believe that we will need to further invest in the growth of our direct sales force to compete effectively against our competitors that have built long-standing relationships with some of our prospective and existing customers. 
 Indirect Sales Force . We employ business consultants and resale and logistics partners to assist in our sales efforts. These partners have deep knowledge of regional business practices and strong relationships with key local operators. We expect to work with business partners to assist our customers in the sale, deployment and maintenance of our systems and have entered into distribution and resale agreements to facilitate the sale and support of our products. 
 Marketing and Product Management . Our product management team is responsible for defining the product features and go-to-market plan required to maximize our success in the marketplace. Product management supports our sales efforts with product and application expertise. Our corporate marketing team works to create demand for our products by communicating our value proposition and differentiation through direct customer interaction, public relations, attendance at trade shows and other events, as well as internet programs and other marketing channels. 
 Research and Development 
 Continued investment in research and development is critical to our business. To this end, we have a team of engineers with expertise in various fields, including photonic integrated circuits, components, systems, sub-systems and software. Our research and development efforts are currently focused in San Jose, California; Allentown, Pennsylvania; Annapolis, Maryland; Bangalore and Ahmedabad, India; Kanata, Canada; Stockholm, Sweden; Munich, Germany; Lisbon, Portugal; and Shanghai, PRC. We utilize a mix of internal resources and supplement our staffing with development personnel provided by third parties on a contract basis. We have invested significant time and financial resources into the enhancement of existing products and the development of new products. We will continue to expand our product offerings and the capabilities of existing products in the future and plan to dedicate significant resources to these continued research and development efforts. We are continually increasing the scalability and software features of our current platforms. We are investing in leveraging our vertical integration capabilities across a broader portion of our platforms. We are also working to develop new generations of optical engines at a faster cadence than we have historically in order to bring new products to market more rapidly and meet evolving customer demands. We believe these efforts will enhance our 
 9 

competitiveness in the markets we currently serve and also allow us to address adjacent markets to fuel our future growth. 
 Human Capital 
 Integrity, trust, mutual commitment and respect for diversity are core Infinera values values brought to life by our talented, diverse, and dedicated global workforce. Employee health and safety are also cornerstones of our human capital management. Our goal is to continuously improve employee engagement as we strive to build and maintain a culture of human connection, individual responsibility and mutual integrity. As of December 31, 2022, we had 3,267 employees, with 2,018 of those employees located outside of the United States. None of our U.S. employees are subject to a collective bargaining agreement. Employees in certain foreign jurisdictions are represented by local workers councils or collective bargaining agreements, as required by local laws or customs. We have not experienced any work stoppages to date. We consider the relationships with our employees to be positive. 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 At Infinera, we strive to create an inclusive culture, as reflected in the way we treat each other, the way we respect our differences across our global workforce, and how we conduct business with our customers and partners around the world. We believe that our culture of inclusion and belonging enables us to leverage the strengths of our people to exceed customer expectations and growth objectives. Our global diversity, equity, and inclusion DEI engagement committee drives our key DEI initiatives, which include training and development, employee resource groups ERGs ), and recruiting and retention strategies. 
 In 2020, we launched Infinera ALL-In, an employee-led, executive-sponsored, company-wide effort to promote, facilitate and support sustainable DEI efforts. ALL-In is sponsored by our Chief Executive Officer ("CEO"), Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"), and Chief Human Resources Officer ("CHRO"), and led by other executives and employee leaders from each region in which we have employees and do business. ALL-In has contributed to our inclusive culture, raised awareness and fostered meaningful dialogue, and helped guide the overall development of our DEI initiatives. 
 In 2021, we expanded our DEI global team with the addition of local DEI representatives at our major sites who are helping to develop, support, and scale our DEI initiatives and employee engagement activities at the local level. In 2022, we invested in fostering a more inclusive work environment. In the U.S., we have commenced partnerships with non-profits and historically black colleges and universities to increase our pipeline of diverse talent. In our larger sites globally, we provide training on inclusive hiring and are posting roles on platforms and job boards targeted at diverse talent pools enabling greater access to diverse talent. 
 Employee engagement is critical to building a unified and global culture that values local needs and perspectives. To foster inclusion and promote these efforts, we support several ERGs, including African Descent/Black at Infinera, Latin America, and Women at Infinera ("WIN"). 
 WIN works to provide our female employees with access to conferences, networking events and other prominent engagements in the technology industry, as well as to support greater opportunities for career growth, internships, and leadership. In 2022, we continued to expand WIN activities and participation, including the introduction of our mentoring program, the formation of subcommittees, and a speakers program addressing topics including development, recruitment and retention of women. In various locations, employees have also partnered with local nonprofits and schools to encourage female students to pursue STEM careers. 
 In 2022, we continued to provide DEI training for our global employee base. Training topics are focused on global diversity, employees' roles in workplace diversity and related matters. Recruiters and managers participate in training on topics such as ensuring a diverse applicant pool and overcoming unconscious bias in the workplace and in interviews. 
 In addition, we launched a global employee survey in 2022 which included questions on DEI matters. The positive results and constructive feedback from this survey will enable us to accelerate program development to advance DEI progress at Infinera. 
 As of December 31, 2022, women represented 19 of our global employees and minorities represented approximately 37 of our U.S. workforce. 
 10 

Compensation, Benefits and Well-being 
 Our goal is to incentivize our talented employees with a total compensation package that is market-competitive as validated through independent data sources. Our total compensation for eligible employees includes base salary, bonuses and equity awards. We intend to maintain ongoing competitiveness for attracting and retaining talent. We continuously improve our human resources information systems for workforce data collection, monitoring, and reporting, and expect that this will allow us to improve our understanding of compensation equity around the globe to ensure fair pay. We also seek to provide market-competitive benefits as part of our total reward structure for all employees around the globe and their dependents. In 2022, we conducted a global gender-based pay equity assessment and a race-based pay equity assessment in the U.S. to support consistency and equity in our pay practices. 
 We have also invested in creating physically safe work environments for our essential on-site workforce, which is important given our status as a critical infrastructure business with manufacturing facilities in the U.S. and research and development sites in several countries. To advance these efforts, we have a global leadership team comprised of local site leaders that meets regularly to support compliance with all local and international guidelines and establishes best practices at every site. We are committed to providing employees with a healthy and safe work environment by striving to prevent accidents and improve workplace conditions, and continuously working to improve our processes and performance. Our health and safety programs emphasize personal accountability, professional conduct, and regulatory compliance, while our culture fosters a sense of proactivity, caution, empathy and communication. 
 In the U.S., we have also continued to support COVID-19 testing for essential on-site employees at no cost to employees. We also provide paid leave to employees who contract COVID-19, which in many cases is beyond what is required by local laws. 
 We have also continued to emphasize employee well-being. For example, in the U.S., the Employee Assistance Program benefit includes mental health counseling for help with personal issues, childcare and eldercare referrals, financial coaching, legal consultation and wellness tools. Employees are provided medical, dental, vision, long-term and short-term disability, and life insurance, and employees covered under our health insurance have access to various wellness programs. Employees are provided paid parental leave as new parents (birth or adoption). Eligible employees are also qualified to receive unlimited flexible time off. We also provide training on matters such as working effectively with teams in a remote environment and making meetings more effective. 
 Growth and Development 
 We believe that transparency and integrity help foster a culture of professional growth. We continuously evolve our approach to employee communication, from a company-wide perspective to functional communication to smaller team meetings, all the way to one-on-one discussions. With that in mind, we encourage our employees to share candid feedback about working for our company through feedback channels, including employee surveys and on public forums such as Glassdoor.com. Our management utilizes this feedback as we work to consistently improve our employee experience. 
 We have also expanded our WIN mentorship program to become a global mentorship program to empower all employees within Infinera to advance their careers and realize their full potential. By facilitating mentor-mentee relationships, this program provides a unique opportunity for reflection, self-examination, and the development of practical skills for mentees while simultaneously providing mentors with fresh perspectives, insights, opinions and an opportunity to have a direct hand in the development of future leaders. 
 Experiential learning is powerful in career development, which is why we provide global job-based learning opportunities including cross-functional transfers and expanded roles. Education also enables the advancement of our DEI initiatives, which is one of our core values and a continued area of focus for us. In 2022, we also significantly expanded our learning and development initiatives, including the rollout of a scalable, multi-language e-learning platform that enables the proliferation of global, diverse and professional education. 
 11 

Manufacturing 
 We have invested significant time and capital to develop and improve the manufacturing processes we use to produce and package our products. This includes significant investments in personnel, equipment and the facilities needed to manufacture and package our products in California and Pennsylvania. We also have invested in automating our manufacturing process and in training and maintaining the quality of our manufacturing workforce. As a leader in the development of photonic integration, our manufacturing processes have been developed over many years and are protected through a combination of patents, trade secrets and contractual protections. We believe that the investments we have made towards the manufacturing and packaging of our products provide us with a significant competitive advantage. We also believe that our current manufacturing facilities, including our fabrication facility for our PICs in California and our module manufacturing facility in Pennsylvania, can accommodate an increase in production capacity as our business continues to grow. 
 We also use contract manufacturers to assemble portions of our products. Each contract manufacturer procures components necessary to assemble products according to our specifications and bills of material. For elements of our business where we outsource, we perform rigorous in-house quality control testing to ensure the reliability of our products. Our supply chain risk mitigation strategies are continuous and institutionalized in our supply chain design for external manufacturing and for procurement of components. We currently use three contract manufacturers in several different countries, including Thailand, Malaysia, China, Mexico and Hungary, and we maintain the capability to transfer select manufacturing activities to U.S. qualified factories of three electronic manufacturing services partners. 
 We expect all suppliers to comply with our Supplier Code of Conduct, which addresses the rights of workers to safe and healthy working conditions, environmental responsibility, and compliance with applicable laws. 
 Backlog 
 Our backlog represents purchase orders received from customers for future product shipments and services to be provided in future periods. Our backlog is subject to future events that could cause the amount or timing of the related revenue to change, and, in certain cases, purchase orders may be canceled without penalty. Orders in backlog may be fulfilled several quarters following order receipt and may relate to multi-year support service obligations. As a result, we believe that backlog should not be viewed as an accurate indicator of future operating results for any particular period. A backlogged purchase order may not result in revenue in a particular period, and the actual revenue may not be equal to our backlog amounts. Our presentation of backlog may not be comparable with that of other companies in our industry. 
 Intellectual Property 
 Our innovative software and optical engine technologies, including our PIC, DSP, module and related technologies, are foundational to our products and we believe they are highly valued by our customers and provide us with a competitive advantage. 
 We believe our success depends upon our ability to protect our core technology and intellectual property. To accomplish this, we rely on a combination of intellectual property rights, including patents, trade secrets, copyrights and trademarks, as well as customary contractual protections. However, there can be no assurances that these protections will be sufficient to provide us with a competitive advantage or that others have not or will not reverse engineer our designs or discover, develop or disclose the same or similar designs and manufacturing processes. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we held 1,054 U.S. patents and 497 international patents expiring between 2023 and 2042, and held 177 U.S. and 116 foreign pending patent applications. We do not know whether any of our pending patent applications will result in the issuance of patents or whether the examination process will require us to narrow our claims. 
 We may not receive any competitive advantages from the rights granted under our patents and other intellectual property. Any patents granted to us may be contested, circumvented or invalidated over the course of our business, and we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing these patents. Therefore, the impact of these patents cannot be predicted with certainty. 
 We believe that the frequency of assertions of patent infringement is increasing as patent holders, including entities that are not in our industry and who purchase patents as an investment or to monetize such rights by obtaining royalties, use such actions as a competitive tactic as well as a source of additional revenue. 
 12 

For example, we are currently involved in litigation for alleged patent infringement. See the information set forth under the heading Legal Matters in Note 13, Commitments and Contingencies, in Part II, Item 8 for additional information regarding such litigation. Any claim of infringement from a third party, even those without merit, could cause us to incur substantial costs defending against such claims, and could distract our management from running our business. Furthermore, a party making such a claim, if successful, could secure a judgment that requires us to pay substantial damages or could include an injunction or other court order that could prevent us from offering our products. In addition, we might be required to seek a license for the use of such intellectual property, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Alternatively, we may be required to develop non-infringing technology, which would require significant effort and expense and may ultimately not be successful. 
 In addition to trade secret and patent protections, we generally control access to and the use of our proprietary software and other confidential information. This protection is accomplished through a combination of internal and external controls, including contractual protections with employees, contractors, customers and partners, and through a combination of U.S. and international copyright laws. 
 We license some of our software pursuant to agreements that impose restrictions on our customers ability to use such software, such as prohibiting reverse engineering and limiting the use of copies. We also seek to avoid disclosure of our intellectual property by relying on non-disclosure and assignment of intellectual property agreements with our employees and consultants that acknowledge our exclusive ownership of all intellectual property developed by the individual within the scope of and during the course of his or her work with us. The agreements also require that each person maintain the confidentiality of all proprietary information disclosed to them. Other parties may not comply with the terms of their agreements with us, and we may not be able to enforce our rights adequately against these parties. We also rely on contractual rights to establish and protect our proprietary rights in our products. 
 We incorporate free and open source licensed software into our products. Although we monitor our use of such open source software closely, the terms of many open source licenses have not been interpreted by U.S. courts, and there is a risk that such licenses could be construed in a manner that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to commercialize our products. In addition, non-compliance with open source software license terms and conditions could subject us to potential liability, including intellectual property infringement and/or contractual claims. In such event, we could be required to seek licenses from third parties in order to continue offering our products, to re-engineer our products or to discontinue the sale of our products in the event re-engineering cannot be accomplished in a timely manner, any of which could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Governmental Regulations 
 Environmental Laws and Regulations. We are committed to maintaining compliance with all environmental laws and regulations applicable to our operations, products and services. Our business and operations are subject to various federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations that have been adopted with respect to the environment, including the Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment Directive ("WEEE"), Directive on the Restriction of the Use of Certain Hazardous Substances in Electrical and Electronic Equipment ("RoHS"), and Registration, Evaluation, Authorization, and Restriction of Chemicals ("REACH") regulations adopted by the European Union. Environmental regulation is increasing and we expect that our operations will be subject to additional environmental compliance requirements, which may expose us to additional costs. We are also subject to disclosure requirements related to the presence of conflict minerals in our products. To date, our compliance costs relating to environmental regulations have not resulted in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 Other Laws and Regulations . We are subject to U.S. and foreign laws and regulations across the jurisdictions in which we operate. In addition to the environmental laws and regulations discussed above, we are subject to laws and regulations addressing the telecommunications industry, cybersecurity, privacy and data protection, export and import control, trade sanctions, and anti-bribery and anti-corruption. To date, our compliance costs relating to these laws and regulations have not resulted in a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. 
 For further discussion of risks associated with these governmental laws and regulations, see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors Legal and Regulatory Risk Factors. 
 13 

Information about our Executive Officers 
 Our executive officers and their ages and positions as of December 31, 2022, are set forth below: 
 Name Age Position David W. Heard 54 Chief Executive Officer and Director Nancy L. Erba 56 Chief Financial Officer David L. Teichmann 66 Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary Nicholas R. Walden 51 Senior Vice President, Worldwide Sales 
 David W. Heard has served as our Chief Executive Officer and has been a member of our Board of Directors since November 2020. Mr. Heard served as our Chief Operating Officer from October 2018 to November 2020. Mr. Heard previously served as our General Manager, Products and Solutions, from June 2017 to October 2018. Prior to joining us, Mr. Heard served as a private consultant from 2015 to June 2017. From 2010 to 2015, Mr. Heard served as President of Network and Service Enablement at JDS Uniphase. From 2007 to 2010, Mr. Heard served as Chief Operating Officer at BigBand Networks (now part of Arris). From 2004 to 2006, Mr. Heard served as President and Chief Executive Officer at Somera (now part of Jabil). From 2003 to 2004, Mr. Heard served as President and General Manager Switching Division at Tekelec (now part of Oracle). From 1995 to 2003, Mr. Heard served in a number of leadership roles at Santera Systems Spatial Networks and at Lucent Technologies (both now part of Nokia). Mr. Heard holds an M.B.A. from the University of Dayton, an M.S. in management from Stanford Graduate School of Business, where he was a Sloan Fellow, and a B.A. in production and operations management from Ohio State University. 
 Nancy L. Erba has served as our Chief Financial Officer since August 2019 after joining us as Senior Vice President, Strategic Finance earlier in the same month. Prior to joining us, from September 2016 to March 2019, Ms. Erba served as Chief Financial Officer of Immersion Corporation, a leader in touch feedback technology. From February 2015 to October 2015, Ms. Erba was Vice President, Financial Planning and Analysis of Seagate Technology plc, a data storage company. Prior executive roles at Seagate Technology include Division CFO and Vice President of Finance for Strategic Growth Initiatives from 2013 to 2015; Vice President, Business Operations and Planning from 2009 to 2013; Division CFO and Vice President of Finance of the Consumer Solutions Division from 2008 to 2009; and Vice President, Corporate Development from 2006 to 2008. Ms. Erba currently serves on the board of directors of PDF Solutions, Inc., a software and engineering services company. Ms. Erba holds an M.B.A. from Baylor University and a B.A. in mathematics from Smith College. 
 David L. Teichmann has served as our Chief Legal Officer and Secretary since April 2019. Prior to joining us, Mr. Teichmann served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Oclaro, Inc., a maker of optical components and modules for the long-haul, metro and data center markets, from January 2014 until its acquisition by Lumentum in December 2018. From 2007 to 2012, he served as the Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Trident Microsystems, Inc., a public fabless semiconductor company that sold television and set top box integrated circuits. From August 1998 to February 2006, he served as the Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of GoRemote Internet Communications, Inc., a secure managed global remote access solutions provider, guiding the company through its initial public offering in 1999 and its acquisition by iPass, Inc. in 2006. Mr. Teichmann held various senior legal counsel positions from 1989 to 1998 handling legal matters in Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America and Canada and began his career with the Fenwick West law firm. Mr. Teichmann holds a J.D. from the William S. Richardson School of Law at the University of Hawaii, an M.A. in law and diplomacy from the Fletcher School of Law and Diplomacy, and a B.A. in political science from Trinity College. 
 Nicholas R. Walden has served as our Senior Vice President, Worldwide Sales since January 2020. Mr. Walden served as Senior Vice President, Strategic Accounts from January 2019 to January 2020. He served as Senior Vice President, EMEA Sales from September 2015 to January 2019. Prior to joining us, Mr. Walden served in a variety of senior sales roles at Ciena Corporation from 1999 to 2015, most recently as its Vice President and Managing Director, Regional Carrier Business, EMEA. Mr. Walden studied HVAC Mechanical Engineering at the College of Technology at Reading, Berkshire, United Kingdom. 
 Available Information 
 We may use our website (http://www.infinera.com), press releases, public conference calls and public webcasts as means of disclosing material non-public information and for complying with our disclosure 
 14 

obligations under Regulation FD. Information contained on our website or any website referred to in this Form 10-K is not incorporated by reference unless expressly noted. We file reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), which we make available on our website free of charge. These reports include Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to such reports, each of which is provided on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such materials with or furnish them to the SEC. The SEC also maintains a website that contains our SEC filings. The address of the SEC website is https://www.sec.gov. 
 15 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. A description of the risks and uncertainties associated with our business is set forth below. These risks, together with many other factors described in this report and in our other public filings, and additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial, could adversely affect our operations, performance and financial condition. Our actual results could differ materially from our forward-looking statements. 
 Risk Factors Summary 
 The following is a summary of the principal risks that could adversely affect our business, operations and financial results. 
 Business and Operational Risk Factors 
 Our quarterly results may vary significantly from period to period. 
 Our ability to increase our revenue will depend upon continued demand growth for additional network capacity and on the level and timing of customer capital spending. 
 Any delays in the development, introduction or acceptance of our new products or in releasing enhancements to our existing products may harm our business. 
 Supply chain and logistics issues, including delays, shortages, components that have been discontinued and increased costs, and our dependency on sole source, limited source or high-cost suppliers could harm our business and operating results. 
 Aggressive business tactics by our competitors and new entrants may harm our business. 
 The markets in which we compete are highly competitive and we may not be able to compete effectively. 
 Product performance problems or deployment delays could harm our business, results of operations and reputation. 
 The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic or other public health concerns could have a material adverse effect on our business, manufacturing operations and results of operations. 
 If we lose key personnel or fail to attract qualified personnel, our business may be harmed. 
 We are dependent on a small number of key customers for a significant portion of our revenue. 
 The manufacturing process for our optical engine and the assembly of our products are very complex. 
 Increased consolidation among our customers and suppliers in the communications networking industry has had, and could continue to have, an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 If our contract manufacturers do not perform as we expect, our business may be harmed. 
 We rely on various third-party service partners to help complement our global operations. 
 We must respond to rapid technological change for our products to be successful. 
 If we fail to accurately forecast our manufacturing requirements or customer demand, we could incur additional costs. 
 Our large customers have substantial negotiating leverage, which may harm our results of operations. 
 Our sales cycle can be long and unpredictable, which could result in unexpected revenue shortfalls. 
 Any acquisitions or strategic transactions that we undertake could disrupt our business and harm our financial condition and operations. 
 Actions that we are taking or may in the future take to restructure our business may not be as effective as anticipated and may have negative consequences. 
 Financial and Macroeconomic Risk Factors 
 We may be unable to generate the cash flow necessary to make anticipated capital expenditures, service our debt, or grow our business. 
 Inflation may adversely affect us by increasing costs beyond what we can recover through price increases. 
 Unfavorable macroeconomic and market conditions may adversely affect our industry, business and financial results. 
 If we need additional capital in the future, it may not be available to us on favorable terms, or at all. 
 16 

Our Loan Agreement and any other credit or similar agreements into which we may enter in the future may restrict our operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes or to take certain actions regarding our business. 
 Our debt obligations may adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital and will be a burden on our future cash resources. 
 Our international sales and operations subject us to additional risks. 
 We may be adversely affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates. 
 Our effective tax rate may increase or fluctuate, which could increase our income tax expense and reduce our net income. 
 We may issue additional shares of our common stock in connection with conversions of the 2024 Notes, the 2027 Notes and the 2028 Notes. 
 The fundamental change provisions of the 2024 Notes, the 2027 Notes and the 2028 Notes may delay or prevent an otherwise beneficial takeover attempt of us. 
 The Capped Calls (as defined below) may affect the value of the 2024 Notes and our common stock. 
 We are subject to counterparty risk with respect to the Capped Calls. 
 Legal and Regulatory Risk Factors 
 If we fail to protect our intellectual property rights, our competitive position could be harmed, or we could incur significant expense to enforce our rights. 
 Claims by others that we infringe their intellectual property rights could harm our business. 
 Security incidents, such as data breaches and cyber-attacks, could compromise our intellectual property and proprietary or confidential information and cause significant damage to our business and reputation. 
 If we fail to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting in the future, the accuracy and timing of our financial reporting may be adversely affected. 
 We are subject to various governmental export control, trade sanctions and import laws and regulations that could impair our ability to compete in international markets or subject us to liability. 
 We are subject to environmental regulations that could adversely affect our business. 
 Regulations relating to environmental, social and governance matters, as well as customer and investor demands, may add operational complexity for us and may adversely affect our relationships with our customers, suppliers and investors. 
 We are subject to global data privacy and data protection laws and regulations that could adversely affect our business or subject us to liability. 
 A portion of our revenue is generated by sales to government entities, which are subject to a number of uncertainties, challenges and risks. 
 Our business could be adversely affected if we cannot obtain and maintain required security clearances, or we do not comply with obligations regarding the safeguarding of classified information. 
 Failure to comply with anti-bribery and similar laws could subject us to adverse consequences. 
 General Risk Factors 
 The trading price of our common stock has been volatile and is likely to be volatile in the future. 
 Future sales of our common stock could cause our stock price to fall. 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and Delaware law could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company and may affect the trading price of our common stock. 
 Exclusive forum provisions in our bylaws will restrict our stockholders ability to choose the judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 
 Events that are outside of our control, such as natural disasters, terrorist attacks, wars, such as Russia's war with Ukraine, or other catastrophic events, could harm our operations. 
 For a more complete discussion of the material risks facing our business, see below. 
 17 

Business and Operational Risk Factors 
 Our quarterly results may vary significantly from period to period, which could make our future results difficult to predict and could cause our operating results to fall below investor, analyst or our expectations. 
 Our quarterly results and, in particular, our revenue, gross margins, operating expenses, operating margins and net income (loss), have historically varied significantly from period to period and may continue to do so in the future. As a result, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. Our budgeted expense levels are based, in large part, on our expectations of future revenue and the development efforts associated with that future revenue. Consequently, if our revenue does not meet projected levels in the short term, our inventory levels, cost of goods sold and operating expenses would be high relative to revenue, resulting in potential operating losses. If our revenue or operating results do not meet the expectations of investors or securities analysts or fall below any guidance we provide to the market, the price of our common stock may decline substantially. 
 Factors that may contribute to fluctuations in our quarterly results, many of which are outside our control and may be difficult to predict, include: 
 fluctuations in demand, sales cycles and prices for products and services, including discounts given in response to competitive pricing pressures or to secure long-term customer relationships, as well as the timing of purchases by our key customers; 
 the price, quality, timing of delivery and availability of key components from suppliers, including any price or shipping cost increases or delays in the supply of components that may result from supply disruptions as well as impacts due to consolidations amongst our suppliers; 
 changes in customers budgets for optical transport network purchases and changes or variability in their purchasing cycles; 
 fluctuations in our customer, product or geographic mix, including the impact of new customer deployments, which typically carry lower gross margins, customer consolidation, which may affect our ability to grow revenue, and products powered by our next-generation technologies, which initially tend to be lower margin due to higher per unit production costs and greater variability in production yields; 
 the timing, market acceptance and rate of adoption of our new product releases and our competitors' new product releases; 
 our ability to manage manufacturing costs, maintain or improve quality, and increase volumes and yields on products manufactured in our internal manufacturing facilities; 
 our ability to control costs, including our operating expenses and the costs and availability of components and materials we purchase for our products; 
 our ability to successfully restructure or transform our operations within our anticipated time frame and realize our anticipated savings; 
 order cancellations, reductions or delays in delivery schedules by our customers; 
 any significant changes in the competitive dynamics of the markets we serve, including any new entrants, new technologies, or customer or competitor consolidation, as well as aggressive pricing tactics by our competitors; 
 our ability to manage inventory while timely meeting customer demand and avoiding charges for excess or obsolete inventory; 
 readiness of customers for installation of our products as well as the availability of third-party service partners to provide contract engineering and installation services for us, each of which has been impacted by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 18 

any delay in collecting or failure to collect accounts receivable; 
 the timing of revenue recognition and revenue deferrals; 
 any future changes in U.S. GAAP or new interpretations of existing accounting rules; 
 the impact of a significant natural disaster or public health emergency, as well as interruptions or shortages in the supply of utilities such as water and electricity, in a key location such as our Northern California facilities, which are located near major earthquake fault lines, in areas of high fire risk and in a designated flood zone; and 
 general economic, market and political conditions in domestic and international markets, including those related to any policy changes by the federal government or by the presidential administration in the United States, and other factors beyond our control, including the ongoing effects of continuing inflation, rising interest rates and the COVID-19 pandemic and related response measures. 
 Our ability to increase our revenue will depend upon continued growth of demand by consumers and businesses for additional network capacity and on the level and timing of capital spending by our customers. 
 Our future success depends on factors that increase the amount of data transmitted over communications networks and the growth of optical transport networks to meet the increased demand for optical capacity. These factors include the growth of mobile, video and cloud-based services, increased broadband connectivity and the continuing adoption of high-capacity, revenue-generating services. If demand for such bandwidth does not continue, or slows down, the market for optical transport networking equipment may not continue to grow and our product sales would be negatively impacted. 
 In addition, demand for our products depends on the level and timing of capital spending in optical networks by service providers as they construct, expand and upgrade the capacity of their optical networks. Capital spending is cyclical in our industry and spending by customers can change on short notice. Any future decisions by our customers to reduce capital spending, whether caused by lower customer demand, weakening economic conditions, rising borrowing costs, inflation, customer-specific supply chain issues, changes in government regulations relating to telecommunications and data networks, or other reasons, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Any delays in the development, introduction or acceptance of our new products or in releasing enhancements to our existing products may harm our business. 
 Our products are based on complex technologies, including, in many cases, the development of next-generation PICs, DSPs and specialized ASICs, each of which are key components of our optical engines. In addition, we may also depend on technologies from outside suppliers, all of which may cause us to experience unanticipated delays in developing, improving, manufacturing or deploying our products. The development process for our optical engines is lengthy, and any modifications entail significant development cost and risks. 
 At any given time, various new product introductions and enhancements to our existing products are in the development phase and are not yet ready for commercial manufacturing or deployment. We rely on third parties, some of which are relatively early-stage companies, to develop, manufacture and deliver components for our next-generation products, which can often require custom development. The development process from laboratory prototype to customer trials, and subsequently to general availability, involves a significant number of simultaneous efforts. These efforts often must be completed in a timely and coordinated manner so that they may be incorporated into the product development cycle for our systems, and include: 
 completion of product development, including the development and completion of our next-generation optical engines, and the completion of associated module development; 
 the qualification and multiple sourcing of critical components; 
 validation of manufacturing methods and processes; 
 19 

extensive quality assurance and reliability testing and staffing of testing infrastructure; 
 validation of software; and 
 establishment of systems integration and systems test validation requirements. 
 Each of these steps, in turn, presents risks of failure, rework or delay, any one of which could decrease the speed and scope of product introduction and marketplace acceptance of our products. New generations of our optical engines as well as intensive software testing are important to the timely introduction of new products and enhancements to our existing products, which are subject to these development risks. In addition, unexpected intellectual property disputes, inability to obtain licenses to utilize third party development tools or other intellectual property on commercially acceptable terms, failure of critical design elements, limited or constrained engineering resources, and a host of other development execution risks may delay, or even prevent, the introduction of new products or enhancements to our existing products. If we do not develop and successfully introduce or enhance products in a timely manner, including the successful development of our next generation optical engine, our competitive position will suffer. 
 As we transition customers to new products, we face significant risk that our new products may not be accepted by our current or new customers. To the extent that we fail to introduce new and innovative products that are adopted by customers, we could fail to obtain an adequate return on these investments and could lose market share to our competitors, which could be difficult or impossible to regain. Similarly, we may face decreased revenue, gross margins and profitability due to a rapid decline in sales of current products as customers hold spending to focus purchases on new product platforms. In addition, the sale of new products may result in the cannibalization of sales for existing products, which may harm our results of operations. We could also incur significant costs in completing the transition, including costs of inventory write-downs of the current product as customers transition to new product platforms. In addition, products or technologies developed by others may render our products noncompetitive or obsolete and result in significant reduction in orders from our customers and the loss of existing and prospective customers. Any delays in the introduction of new components that we are developing for use in our other products as part of our vertical integration strategy may also prevent us from realizing the anticipated cost savings of such development. This may negatively impact our gross margins and harm our business and operating results. 
 Supply chain and logistics issues, including delays, shortages, components that have been discontinued and increased costs, and our dependency on sole source, limited source or high-cost suppliers, could harm our business and operating results. 
 We are reliant on our global supply chain for the production of components for our products. The global supply chain has experienced disruptions that began in 2020 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, leading to delays, shortages, components that have been discontinued and increased costs. These supply disruptions have negatively impacted our revenue and our results of operations. For example, shortages of certain key components have adversely affected our ability to deliver products to customers in a timely manner. Additionally, price increases within our supply chain have continued to negatively affect our gross margin. The global supply chain for components for our products, especially for semiconductor components, continues to experience shortages, longer lead times and increased costs. These shortages, delays and increased costs are expected to continue throughout 2023. We cannot predict with certainty the scope, magnitude or duration of the impact that these supply chain disruptions will have on our business and results of operations. Any efforts that we make to mitigate supply chain issues, such as by making additional or long-term purchase commitments with our suppliers or by holding higher levels of inventory, could negatively impact our financial results if we do not accurately forecast customer demand or if our customers change their purchasing patterns in response to the evolving supply chain environment. Further, the lead times required for these mitigation efforts may not allow us to meet increased customer demand in a timely manner. 
 We currently purchase several key components for our products from sole or limited sources. In particular, we rely on our own production of certain components of our products, such as PICs, and on third parties, including sole source and limited source suppliers, for certain of the components of our products, including ASICs, field-programmable gate arrays, processors, and other semiconductor and optical components. We have increased our reliance on third parties to develop and manufacture components for certain products, some of which require custom development. We purchase most of these components on a purchase order basis and generally only have long-term contracts with these sole source or limited source suppliers. If any of our sole 
 20 

source or limited source suppliers suffer from capacity constraints, materials shortages, lower than expected yields, deployment delays, work stoppages or any other reduction or disruption in output, they may be unable to meet our delivery schedule, which could result in lost revenue, additional product costs and deployment delays that could harm our business and customer relationships. In addition, these same suppliers may decide to no longer manufacture or support specific components necessary for some of our legacy products, which could lead to our inability to fulfill demand without increased engineering and material costs necessary to replace such components or cause us to transition such products to end-of-life status sooner than planned. Further, our suppliers could enter into exclusive arrangements with our competitors, refuse to sell their products or components to us at commercially reasonable prices or at all, go out of business or discontinue their relationships with us. We may be unable to develop alternative sources for these components within a suitable time frame to be able to operate our business, or at all. 
 The loss of a source of supply, or lack of sufficient availability of key components, could require us to redesign products that use such components, which could result in lost revenue, additional product and engineering costs and deployment delays that could harm our business and customer relationships. Due to cross dependencies, any supply chain disruptions could negatively impact the demand for our products in the short term. In addition, if our contract manufacturers do not receive critical components in a timely manner to build our products, then we would not be able to ship certain products in a timely manner and would, therefore, be unable to meet our prospective customers product delivery requirements. In the past, we have experienced delivery delays because of lack of availability of components or reliability issues with components that we were purchasing. In addition, some of our suppliers have gone out of business, merged with another supplier, or limited their supply of components to us, which may cause us to experience longer than normal lead times, supply delays and increased prices. We may in the future experience a shortage of certain components as a result of our own manufacturing issues, manufacturing issues at our suppliers or contract manufacturers, capacity problems experienced by our suppliers or contract manufacturers, strong demand in the industry for such components, or other disruptions in our supply chain. For example, during 2022, several of our materials suppliers with manufacturing facilities near Shanghai, China were affected by COVID-19-related quarantines, which have since been lifted. At certain times, these quarantines led to delayed shipments to certain of our contract manufacturers, which subsequently constrained the ability of these contract manufacturers to supply certain components to us on a timely basis. In addition, disruptions to global macroeconomic conditions may make it more difficult for us and our suppliers to accurately project overall component demand and manufacturing capacity. These supplier disruptions may continue to occur in the future, which could limit our ability to produce our products and cause us to fail to meet a customer s delivery requirements. Any failure to meet our customers product delivery requirements could harm our reputation and our customer relationships, either of which would harm our business and operating results. 
 Aggressive business tactics by our competitors and new entrants may harm our business. 
 The markets that we compete in are extremely competitive, which often results in aggressive business tactics by our competitors and new entrants, including: 
 aggressively pricing their optical transport products and other portfolio products, including offering significant one-time discounts and guaranteed future price decreases; 
 offering optical products at a substantial discount or for free when bundled together with broader technology purchases, such as router or wireless equipment purchases; 
 providing financing, marketing and advertising assistance to customers; and 
 influencing customer requirements to emphasize different product capabilities, which better suit their products. 
 21 

The level of competition and pricing pressure tend to increase when competing for large or high-profile opportunities or during periods of economic weakness when there are fewer network build-out projects. If we fail to compete successfully against our current and future competitors, or if our current or future competitors continue or expand their aggressive business tactics, including those described above, demand for our products could decline, we could experience delays or cancellations of customer orders or we could be required to reduce our prices to compete in the market. 
 The markets in which we compete are highly competitive and we may not be able to compete effectively. 
 The packet-optical equipment market is competitive. Our main competitors include DWDM system suppliers, such as ADVA Optical Networking, Ciena Corporation, Cisco Systems, Ribbon Communications Inc., Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd., Nokia and ZTE. In addition, there are several other companies that offer one or more products that partially compete with our offerings. Moreover, other companies have developed, or may in the future develop, products that are or could be competitive with our products. We also could encounter competitor consolidation in the markets in which we compete, which could lead to a changing competitive landscape, capabilities and market share, and could impact our results of operations. For example, in March 2021, Cisco completed its acquisition of optical communications supplier Acacia Communications. 
 Competition in the markets we serve is based on any one or a combination of the following factors: 
 price and other commercial terms; 
 functionality and optical performance; 
 existing business and customer relationships; 
 the ability of products and services to meet customers immediate and future network requirements; 
 the availability of components required to manufacture key products; 
 power consumption; 
 heat dissipation; 
 form factor or density; 
 installation and operational simplicity; 
 quality and reliability; 
 service and support; 
 security and encryption requirements; 
 scalability and investment protection; and 
 product lead times. 
 Some of our competitors have substantially greater name recognition and technical, financial, sales and marketing resources. Many of our competitors have more resources and more experience in developing or acquiring new products and technologies, and in creating market awareness for those products and technologies. In addition, many of our competitors have the financial resources to offer competitive products at aggressive pricing levels or have the ability to provide financing to customers, which could prevent us from competing effectively. Further, many of our competitors have built long-standing relationships with some of our prospective and existing customers and could, therefore, have an inherent advantage in selling products to those customers. 
 We also compete with low-cost producers that may increase pricing pressure on us and with a number of smaller companies that provide competition for a specific product, customer segment or geographic market. In addition, we may also face increased competition from system and component companies that develop products based on off-the-shelf hardware that offers the latest commercially available technologies. Due to the narrower 
 22 

focus of their efforts, these competitors may achieve commercial availability of their products more quickly than we can and may provide attractive alternatives to our customers. 
 Product performance problems, including undetected errors in our hardware or software, or deployment delays could harm our business, results of operations and reputation. 
 The development and production of products with high technology content is complicated and often involves problems with hardware, software, components and manufacturing methods. Complex hardware and software systems that are built with and include increasingly sophisticated technology, such as our products, can often contain undetected errors or bugs when first introduced or as new versions are released. In addition, errors associated with components we purchase from third parties, including customized components, may be difficult to resolve. We have experienced issues in the past in connection with our products, including failures due to the receipt of components from our suppliers that are either faulty or do not meet our product specifications, and performance issues related to software updates. From time to time, we have had to replace certain components or provide software remedies or other remediation in response to errors or bugs, and we may have to do so again in the future. In addition, performance issues can be heightened during periods where we are developing and introducing multiple new products to the market, as any performance issues we encounter in one technology or product could impact the performance or timing of delivery of other products. Our products may also suffer degradation of performance and reliability over time. 
 If reliability, quality, security or network monitoring problems develop, a number of negative effects on our business could result, including: 
 reduced orders from existing customers; 
 declining interest from potential customers; 
 delays in our ability to recognize revenue or in collecting accounts receivables; 
 increased costs associated with fixing hardware or software defects or replacing products; 
 high service and warranty expenses; 
 delays in shipments; 
 high inventory excess and obsolescence expense; 
 high levels of product returns; 
 diversion of our engineering personnel from our product development efforts; and 
 payment of liquidated damages, performance guarantees or similar penalties. 
 Because we outsource the manufacturing of certain components of our products, we may also be subject to product performance problems as a result of the acts or omissions of third parties, and we may not have adequate compensating remedies against such third parties or otherwise implement effective measures to mitigate such problems. 
 From time to time, we encounter interruptions or delays in the activation of our products at a customer s site. These interruptions or delays may result from product performance problems or from issues with installation and activation, some of which are outside our control, such as supply chain disruptions affecting our customers or us. For example, in 2022, we experienced project delays due to incomplete customer readiness and the unavailability of certain customer resources and customer-furnished material required for project implementation. If we experience significant interruptions or delays that we cannot promptly resolve, the associated revenue for these installations may be delayed or confidence in our products could be undermined, which could cause us to lose customers, fail to add new customers, and consequently harm our financial results. 
 23 

The effects of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and other future public health concerns could have a material adverse effect on our business, manufacturing operations and results of operations. 
 While the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have been decreasing, it has caused disruptions to our business and operations and could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations in the future. For example, the imposition of shelter-in-place or similarly restrictive work-from-home orders during the COVID-19 pandemic has in the past impacted, and could again impact, many of our offices and employees, and many of our employees continue to work remotely or in hybrid work environments. As a result of the public health and safety measures during the COVID-19 pandemic, we at times temporarily closed or substantially limited the presence of personnel in some of our offices, implemented travel restrictions and modified our participation in various industry events. Our flexible approach to work arrangements and related policies continues to evolve. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has also at times contributed to delays in certain operational processes and it may again impact our operational processes. We have experienced disruption and delays in our global supply chain and manufacturing operations, logistics operations and customer support operations, including shipping delays, higher transport costs, and certain limitations on our ability to access customer fulfillment and service sites. We are dependent on sole source and limited source suppliers for several key components, and we have experienced capacity issues, longer lead times, increased costs and shortages with certain component suppliers, including for semiconductors, impacting our operational processes and results of operations. S ome of these disruptions negatively impacted our revenue and our results of operations. 
 The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and other future public health concerns on our business and results of operations in the future remains uncertain and is dependent in part on infection, morbidity and disability rates, the emergence of new viruses, the continued effectiveness and availability of vaccinations, and broader global macroeconomic developments. We may face further disruptions or restrictions on our ability to source, manufacture or distribute our products due to existing or additional governmental restrictions in multiple countries on business operations and movement of people and products. If we experience pronounced disruptions in our operations or in our ability to service our customers, including due to COVID-19 or other infections or quarantines among our employees and service providers, or if we face continued supply chain disruption or curtailed customer demand, these factors may materially adversely impact our business and results of operations . We could also face negative impacts on our liquidity and capital resources in the future due to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic or other public health concerns, and their impacts on our customers, suppliers, third-party service providers and capital markets. 
 If we lose key personnel or fail to attract and retain additional qualified personnel when needed, our business may be harmed. 
 Our success depends to a significant degree upon the continued contributions of our key management, engineering, sales and marketing, and finance personnel, many of whom will be approaching retirement age in the next decade and many of whom would be difficult to replace. For example, senior members of our engineering team have unique technical experience that would be difficult to replace. Because our products are complex, we must also hire and retain highly trained customer service and support personnel to ensure that the deployment of our products does not result in network disruption for our customers. We believe our future success will depend in large part upon our ability to identify, attract and retain highly skilled personnel, and competition for these individuals is intense in our industry, especially in the San Francisco Bay Area where we are headquartered and, increasingly, in certain cities and regions where we have operations outside the United States as well. The loss of the services of any of our key personnel, the inability to identify, attract or retain qualified personnel in the future or delays in hiring qualified personnel, particularly engineers and sales personnel, could make it difficult for us to manage our business and meet key objectives, such as timely product introductions. These risks may be exacerbated due to a strong labor market with a competitive wage environment and attrition. In addition, we do not have long-term employment contracts or key person life insurance covering any of our key personnel. If we are unable to identify, attract and retain qualified personnel, we may be unable to manage our business effectively, and our results of operations could suffer. 
 24 

We are dependent on a small number of key customers for a significant portion of our revenue from period to period and the loss of, or a significant reduction in, orders from one or more of our key customers would reduce our revenue and harm our operating results. 
 A relatively small number of customers accounts for a large percentage of our revenue from period to period. For example, for the year ended December 31, 2022, our top ten customers accounted for approximately 48 of our total revenue and one customer accounted for 11 of our total revenue. For 2021, our top ten customers accounted for approximately 42 of our total revenue and no customer accounted for 10 or more of our revenue. For 2020, our top ten customers accounted for approximately 43 of our total revenue and one customer accounted for 11 of our revenue. Our business will likely be harmed if any of our key customers, for whatever reason, substantially reduce, delay or stop their orders from us. In addition, our business will be harmed if we fail to maintain our competitive advantage with our key customers or do not add new large customers over time. We continue to expect a relatively small number of customers to continue to account for a large percentage of revenue from period to period. However, customer consolidation could reduce the number of key customers that generate a significant percentage of our revenue and may increase the risks relating to dependence on a small number of customers. 
 Our ability to continue to generate revenue from our key customers will depend on our ability to maintain strong relationships with these customers and introduce competitive new products at competitive prices. In most cases, our sales are made to these customers pursuant to standard purchase agreements, which may be canceled or reduced readily, rather than long-term purchase commitments that would require these customers to purchase any minimum or guaranteed volumes orders. In the event of a cancellation or reduction of an order, we may not have enough time to reduce operating expenses to minimize the effect of the lost revenue on our business. Our operating results will continue to depend on our ability to sell our products to our key customers. In addition, we must regularly compete for and win business with existing and new customers across all of our customer segments. 
 In addition, global economic conditions may affect the network spending, procurement strategies, or business practices of our key customers. If any of our key customers experience a loss in revenue due to weakening economic conditions, public health crisis, their corporate borrowing costs being materially impacted by rising interest rates, or other adverse occurrences, they may reduce or delay capital spending generally or with respect to our products, which could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 The manufacturing process for our optical engine and the assembly of our finished products are complex. The partial or complete loss of any of our manufacturing facilities, a reduction in yields of our PICs or an inability to scale capacity to meet customer demands could harm our business. 
 The manufacturing process for our optical engine, including the PICs, DSPs and specialized ASICs, and the assembly of our finished products are complex. In the event that any of our manufacturing facilities utilized to build these components and assemble our finished products was fully or partially destroyed, or shut down, as a result of a natural disaster, work stoppage or otherwise, it could severely limit our ability to sell our products. Because of the complex nature of our manufacturing facilities, such loss would take a considerable amount of time to repair or replace. The partial or complete loss of any of our manufacturing facilities, or an event causing the interruption in our use of any such facilities, whether as a result of a natural disaster, a public health crisis like the COVID-19 pandemic, work stoppage or otherwise, for any extended period of time, could cause our business, financial condition and results of operations to be harmed. 
 Minor deviations in the PIC manufacturing process can cause substantial decreases in yields and, in some cases, cause production to be suspended. In the past, we have had significant variances in our PIC yields, including production interruptions and suspensions, and may in the future have continued yield variances, including additional interruptions or suspensions. Lower than expected yields from our PIC manufacturing process or defects, integration issues or other performance problems in our products could limit our ability to satisfy customer demand requirements and could damage customer relations and harm our business, reputation and operating results. 
 Our inability to obtain sufficient manufacturing capacity to meet demand, either in our own facilities or through foundry or similar arrangements with third parties, could also harm our relationships with our customers, our business and our results of operations. 
 25 

Increased consolidation among our customers and suppliers in the communications networking industry has had, and could continue to have, an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 We have seen increased consolidation in the communications networking industry over the past few years, which has adversely affected our business and results of operations. Customer consolidation in the past has led to changes in buying patterns, slowdowns in spending, redeployment of existing equipment and re-architecture of parts of existing networks or future networks, as the combined companies evaluate the needs of the combined business. Moreover, the significant purchasing power of these large companies can increase pricing and competitive pressures for us, including the potential for decreases in our average selling prices. If one of our customers is acquired by another company that does not rely on us to provide it with products or relies on another provider of similar products, we may lose that customer s business. Such consolidation may further reduce the number of customers that generate a significant percentage of our revenue and may exacerbate the risks relating to dependence on a small number of customers. Any of the foregoing results will adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, our suppliers in the communications networking industry have recently continued to consolidate. For example, II-VI acquired Finisar in 2019 and then acquired Coherent in 2022. Supplier consolidation may lead to increased prices of components for our products, deployment delays or a disruption in output. In addition, such consolidation may exacerbate the risks relating to our dependence on a small number of suppliers for certain components and materials that are required to manufacture our products. 
 If our contract manufacturers do not perform as we expect, our business may be harmed. 
 We rely on third-party contract manufacturers to perform a portion of the manufacturing of our products, and our future success will depend on our ability to have sufficient volumes of our products manufactured in a cost-effective and quality-controlled manner. We have engaged third parties to manufacture certain elements of our products at multiple contract manufacturing sites located around the world but do not have long-term agreements in place with some of our manufacturers and suppliers that would guarantee product availability, or the continuation of particular pricing or payment terms. We face a number of risks due to our dependence on contract manufacturers, including: 
 reduced control over delivery schedules, particularly for international contract manufacturing sites; 
 reliance on the quality assurance procedures of third parties; 
 potential uncertainty regarding manufacturing yields and costs; 
 potential lack of adequate capacity during periods of high demand or inability to fulfill manufacturing orders due to supply issues; 
 potential variability of pricing or payment terms due to agreement length; 
 risks and uncertainties associated with the locations or countries where our products are manufactured, including potential manufacturing disruptions caused by geopolitical events, military actions, work stoppages or other social factors, natural disasters or other environmental factors, or international health emergencies, such as the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 counterparty risk, particularly if our contract manufacturers are sensitive to inflation and interest-rate risk; 
 limited warranties on components; and 
 potential misappropriation of our intellectual property. 
 Any of these risks could impair our ability to fulfill orders. Our products are built with and incorporate increasingly sophisticated technology and any delays by our contract manufacturers or their inability to meet our product specifications or quality standards may cause us to be unable to meet the delivery requirements of our customers, which could decrease customer satisfaction and harm our product sales. In addition, if our contract manufacturers are unable or unwilling to continue manufacturing our products or components of our products in required volumes or our relationship with any of our contract manufacturers is discontinued for any reason, we would be required to identify and qualify alternative manufacturers, which could cause us to be unable to meet 
 26 

our supply requirements to our customers and result in the breach of our customer agreements. Qualifying a new contract manufacturer and commencing volume production is expensive and time-consuming. If we are required to change or qualify a new contract manufacturer, we could lose revenue and damage our customer relationships. 
 We rely on various third-party service partners to help complement our global operations, and failure to adequately manage these relationships could adversely impact our financial results and relationships with customers. 
 We rely on a number of third-party service partners, both domestic and international, to complement our global operations. We rely upon these partners for certain installation, maintenance, logistics and support functions. In addition, as our customers increasingly seek to rely on vendors to perform additional services relating to the design, construction and operation of their networks, the scope of work performed by our service partners is likely to increase and may include areas where we have less experience providing or managing such services. We must successfully identify, assess, train and certify qualified service partners in order to ensure the proper installation, deployment and maintenance of our products. The vetting and certification of these partners can be costly and time-consuming, and certain partners may not have the same operational history, financial resources and scale as we have. Additionally, certain service partners may provide similar services for other companies, including our competitors. We may not be able to manage our relationships with our service partners effectively, and we cannot be certain that they will be able to deliver services in the manner or time required, that we will be able to maintain the continuity of their services, or that they will adhere to our approach to ethical business practices. We may also be exposed to a number of risks or challenges relating to the performance of our service partners, including: 
 delays in recognizing revenue; 
 liability for injuries to persons, damage to property or other claims relating to the actions or omissions of our service partners; 
 our services revenue and gross margin may be adversely affected; and 
 our relationships with customers could suffer. 
 If we do not effectively manage our relationships with third-party service partners, or if they fail to perform these services in the manner or time required, our financial results and relationships with our customers could be adversely affected. 
 We must respond to rapid technological change and comply with evolving industry standards and requirements for our products to be successful. 
 The optical transport networking equipment market is characterized by rapid technological change, changes in customer requirements and evolving industry standards. We continually invest in research and development to sustain or enhance our existing products, but the introduction of new communications technologies and the emergence of new industry standards or requirements could render our products obsolete. Further, in developing our products, we have made, and will continue to make, assumptions with respect to which standards or requirements will be adopted by our customers and competitors. If the standards or requirements adopted by our prospective customers are different from those on which we have focused our efforts, market acceptance of our products would be reduced or delayed, and our business would be harmed. We are continuing to invest a significant portion of our research and development efforts in the development of our next-generation products. We expect our competitors will continue to improve the performance of their existing products and introduce new products and technologies and to influence customers buying criteria so as to emphasize product capabilities that we do not, or may not, possess. To be competitive, we must anticipate future customer requirements and continue to invest significant resources in research and development, sales and marketing, and customer support, and the investment demands may increase as the technology becomes more complex. If we do not anticipate these future customer requirements and invest in the technologies necessary to enable us to have and to sell the appropriate solutions, it may limit our competitive position and future sales, which would have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. We may not have sufficient resources to make these investments and we may not be able to make the technological advances necessary to be competitive. 
 27 

If we fail to accurately forecast our manufacturing requirements or customer demand, we could incur additional costs, including inventory write-downs or equipment write-offs, which would adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 We generate forecasts of future demand for our products several months prior to the scheduled delivery to our prospective customers. This requires us to make significant investments before we know if corresponding revenue will be recognized. Lead times vary significantly for materials and components, including ASICs, that we need to order for the manufacture of our products and depend on factors such as the specific supplier, contract terms and demand for each component at a given time. In the past, we have experienced lengthened lead times for certain components, and we continue to see long lead times for certain components due to industry-wide supply chain challenges, which makes forecasting more challenging. We may be required to purchase increased levels of such components to satisfy our delivery commitments to our customers as a result of longer lead times for components. In addition, we must manage our inventory to ensure we continue to meet our commitments as we introduce new products or make enhancements to our existing products. 
 If we overestimate market demand for our products and, as a result, increase our inventory in anticipation of customer orders that do not materialize, we will have excess inventory, which could result in increased risk of obsolescence and significant inventory write-downs. Furthermore, this will result in reduced production volumes and our fixed costs will be spread across fewer units, increasing our per unit costs. If we underestimate demand for our products, we will have inadequate inventory, which could slow down or interrupt the manufacturing of our products, cause delays in shipments and our ability to recognize revenue, and result in potential loss of customers to competitors. In addition, we may be unable to meet our supply commitments to customers, which could result in a loss of certain customer opportunities or a breach of our customer agreements. 
 Our large customers have substantial negotiating leverage, which may cause us to agree to terms and conditions that result in lower average selling prices and potentially increased cost of sales leading to lower gross margin, each of which would harm our results of operations. 
 Many of our customers are large service providers and ICPs that have substantial purchasing power and leverage in negotiating contractual arrangements with us. In addition, customer consolidation in the past few years has created combined companies that are even larger and have greater negotiating leverage. Our customers have sought and may continue to seek advantageous pricing, payment and other commercial terms. This may further impact our profitability if we are unable to recover through price increases passed along to these customers additional costs we have incurred from inflationary pressures to the supply chain or shipping and freight. We have also occasionally agreed and may continue to agree to unfavorable commercial terms with these customers, including the potential of reducing the average selling price of our products, increasing cost of sales or agreeing to extended payment terms in response to these commercial requirements or competitive pricing pressures. Continued inflation could decrease the profitability of customer contracts, particularly those with extended payment terms, that are not indexed to inflation. If we are compelled to agree to disadvantageous terms and conditions, unable to comply with such terms and conditions, or adapt our business model and operations to such terms and conditions, then our operating results will be negatively impacted. 
 Our sales cycle can be long and unpredictable, which could result in an unexpected revenue shortfall in any given quarter. 
 Our products can have a lengthy sales cycle, which can extend from six to twelve months and may take even longer for larger prospective customers. Our prospective customers conduct significant evaluation, testing, implementation and acceptance procedures before they purchase our products. We incur substantial sales and marketing expenses and expend significant management effort during this time, regardless of whether we make a sale. Supply chain disruptions have also at times lengthened, and may in the future lengthen, our sales cycle due to delays in the customer certification process for our products. 
 Because our sales cycle is long, we are likely to recognize higher inflation-related costs before recognizing the benefits of any price increases that we implement for our products. Moreover, the costs associated with our sales cycle may increase faster than our ability to increase prices. In addition, changes in regulatory requirements or uncertainty associated with the regulatory environment could delay or impede 
 28 

investment in network infrastructures and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Because the purchase of our equipment involves substantial cost, most of our customers wait to purchase our equipment until they are ready to deploy it in their network. As a result, it is difficult for us to accurately predict the timing of future purchases by our customers. In addition, product purchases are often subject to budget constraints, multiple approvals and unplanned administrative processing and other delays, including the need for the customer to obtain external financing. If sales expected from customers for a particular quarter are not realized in that quarter or at all, our revenue will be negatively impacted. 
 Any acquisitions or strategic transactions that we undertake could disrupt our business and harm our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We have made strategic acquisitions of businesses, technologies and other assets in the past, including most recently the Acquisition. We may engage in acquisitions, divestitures or other strategic transactions in the future. In order to undertake certain of these transactions, we may use cash, issue equity that could dilute our current stockholders, or incur debt or assume indebtedness. If we are unable to achieve the anticipated efficiencies and strategic benefits of such transactions, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the market price of our common stock could be adversely affected if investors and securities analysts react unfavorably to a strategic transaction or if the integration or the anticipated financial and strategic benefits of such transactions are not realized as rapidly as or to the extent anticipated by investors and securities analysts. 
 Acquisitions, divestitures or other strategic transactions can also result in adverse tax consequences, warranty or product liability exposure related to acquired assets, additional stock-based compensation expense, and write-up of acquired inventory to fair value. Divestitures can also result in contractual, employment or intellectual property liability related to divested assets. In addition, we may record goodwill and other purchased intangible assets in connection with an acquisition and incur impairment charges in the future. If our actual results, or the plans and estimates used in future impairment analyses, are less favorable than the original estimates used to assess the recoverability of these assets, we could incur additional impairment charges. 
 Acquisitions, divestitures or other strategic transactions also involve numerous risks that could disrupt our ongoing business and distract our management team, including: 
 problems integrating the acquired operations, technologies or products with our own; 
 challenges in divesting assets and intellectual property without negatively affecting our retained business; 
 diversion of management s attention from our core business; 
 adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers; 
 risks associated with entering new markets or exiting existing markets; and 
 loss of key employees. 
 Our failure to adequately manage the risks associated with an acquisition, divestment or strategic transaction could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Actions that we are taking or may in the future take to restructure our business to cut costs and align our operating structure with current or future opportunities may not be as effective as anticipated and may have negative consequences. 
 We have incurred, and may in the future incur, substantial costs in connection with restructuring plans. Although these restructuring initiatives may be taken to improve our operating efficiency and to reallocate resources to align more closely with our evolving business model and current and future opportunities, they may not result in the benefits we anticipate. We incur substantial costs to implement restructuring plans, and our restructuring activities may subject us to reputational and litigation risks. Our past restructuring plans do not provide any assurance that we will realize anticipated cost savings or other benefits from any restructuring plans 
 29 

we implement. In addition, restructuring plans may have other consequences, such as attrition beyond any planned reductions in workforce, a negative effect on employee morale and productivity or our ability to attract highly skilled employees. Restructuring presents other significant potential risks such as the actual or perceived disruption of service or reduction in service standards to customers, loss of sales, the failure to preserve supplier relationships and diversion of management attention. In addition, as a result of these restructuring actions, our ability to execute on product development, address key market opportunities or meet customer demand could be materially and adversely affected. Further, any anticipated benefits from these restructuring initiatives may be realized later than expected or not at all, and the ongoing costs of implementing these measures may be greater than anticipated. As a result, current or future restructuring plans may affect our revenue and other operating results. 
 Financial and Macroeconomic Risk Factors 
 We may be unable to generate the cash flow necessary to make anticipated capital expenditures, service our debt or grow our business. 
 We may not be able to generate sufficient cash flow from operations to make anticipated capital expenditures, service our debt or grow our business. Our ability to pay our expenses, service our debt and fund planned capital expenditures will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by general economic, competitive, legislative, political, regulatory, public health issues and other factors beyond our control, and our ability to continue to realize synergies and anticipated cost savings. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations to service our debt or to make anticipated capital expenditures, we may be required to sell assets, reduce capital expenditures, borrow additional funds or evaluate alternatives for efficiently funding our capital expenditures and ongoing operations, including the issuance of equity, equity-linked and debt securities. 
 Inflation may adversely affect us by increasing costs beyond what we can recover through price increases. 
 Inflation, which has continued in the U.S. and globally, can adversely affect us by increasing the costs of labor, supplies and other costs of doing business, and price increases within our supply chain have negatively affected our gross margin . In an inflationary environment, our ability to raise prices or add additional cost-recovery surcharges of a magnitude sufficient to match the rate of inflation, on a timely basis, may be constrained by customer resistance and competitive concerns, as well as industry-specific and other economic conditions, which would reduce our profit margins. Moreover, even if we seek to implement price increases in response to inflationary pressures, because of our long sales cycle, we may recognize increased costs as a result of inflation before we are able to recognize the benefits of any such price increases. We have experienced increases in the prices of labor, supplies and other costs of doing business and continued inflationary pressures could continue to adversely impact our profitability. 
 Unfavorable macroeconomic and market conditions may adversely affect our industry, business and financial results. 
 In the past, unfavorable macroeconomic and market conditions have resulted in sustained periods of decreased demand for optical communications products and slowdowns in the telecommunications industry in which we operate. Such slowdowns may result in: 
 reduced demand for our products as a result of constraints on capital spending by our customers; 
 increased price competition for our products, not only from our competitors, but also as a result of the utilization of inventoried or underutilized products by our customers or potential customers, which could put additional downward pressure on our near-term gross profits; 
 risk of excess or obsolete inventories; 
 our customers facing financial difficulties, including bankruptcy; 
 excess manufacturing capacity and higher associated overhead costs as a percentage of revenue; and 
 more limited ability to accurately forecast our business and future financial performance. 
 30 

T he COVID-19 pandemic created significant uncertainty in global macroeconomic conditions and capital markets, credit markets, and, in particular, supply chains continue to experience high levels of disruption, volatility and uncertainty. High inflation, along with other signs of economic disruption, has also contributed to adverse global macroeconomic conditions. T hese conditions may also result in the tightening of credit markets, which could limit or delay our customers ability to obtain necessary financing for their purchases of our products. 
 Our customers may delay or cancel their purchases or increase the time they take to pay or default on their payment obligations due to a lack of liquidity in the capital markets, the continued uncertainty in the global economic environment or inflationary concerns, which could result in a higher level of bad debt expense and would negatively affect our business and operating results. In addition, currency fluctuations could negatively affect our international customers ability or desire to purchase our products. 
 A lack of liquidity and economic uncertainty may also adversely affect our suppliers or the terms on which we purchase products from these suppliers. These impacts could limit our ability to obtain components for our products from these suppliers and could adversely impact our supply chain or the delivery schedule to our customers. Suppliers could also require us to purchase more expensive components, or re-design our products, which could cause increases in the cost of our products and delays in the manufacturing and delivery of our products. Such events could harm our gross margin and harm our reputation and our customer relationships, either of which could harm our business and operating results. 
 If we need additional capital in the future, it may not be available to us on favorable terms, or at all. 
 Our business requires significant capital. We have historically relied on outside debt or equity financing as well as cash flow from operations to fund our operations, capital expenditures and expansion. For example, in September 2018, we issued convertible senior notes due September 1, 2024 (the 2024 Notes to pay the cost of the Capped Calls, as discussed below, to fund the cash portion of the purchase price of the Acquisition, and for general corporate purposes. In August 2019 and as amended thereafter, we entered into the Prior Credit Agreement to provide additional working capital flexibility to manage our business. In addition, in March 2020, we issued convertible senior notes due March 1, 2027 (the 2027 Notes to raise additional funds for general corporate purposes, including working capital to fund growth and potential strategic projects. On August 12, 2020, we entered into an Open Market Sales Agreement with Jefferies LLC ("Jefferies") under which we issued and sold through Jefferies, acting as agent or principal, shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of 96.3 million, to raise funds for general corporate purposes, including working capital and capital expenditures. In June 2022, we terminated the Prior Credit Agreement and entered into the Loan Agreement to repay existing debt (including amounts outstanding under the Prior Credit Agreement) and for working capital and general corporate purposes, including to fund growth. In August 2022, we issued convertible senior notes due August 1, 2028 (the 2028 Notes and, together with the 2024 Notes and the 2027 Notes, the convertible senior notes to repurchase a portion of the 2024 Notes, for general corporate purposes, including working capital and to fund growth and potential strategic projects. We may require additional capital from equity or equity-linked financing, debt financing or other financings in the future to fund our operations, respond to competitive pressures or strategic opportunities or to refinance our existing debt obligations. In the event that we require additional capital, we may not be able to secure timely additional financing, or restructure existing debt, on favorable terms, or at all, and may be affected by the impacts on capital markets of global economic uncertainty and inflationary pressures. The terms of any additional financings or restructurings may place limits on our financial and operating flexibility. If we raise additional funds through further issuances of equity, convertible debt securities or other securities convertible into equity, our existing stockholders could suffer dilution in their percentage ownership of our company, and any new securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of holders of our common stock. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us, if and when we require it, our ability to grow or support our business and to respond to business challenges could be limited and our business will be harmed. 
 Our Loan Agreement and any other credit or similar agreements into which we may enter in the future may restrict our operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes or to take certain actions regarding our business. 
 Our Loan Agreement contains a number of restrictive covenants that may impose operating and financial restrictions on us and limit our ability to engage in acts that may be in our long-term interest, including restrictions on our ability to incur debt, create liens and encumbrances, engage in certain fundamental changes, dispose of assets, prepay certain indebtedness, make restricted payments, make investments, and engage in 
 31 

transactions with affiliates, in each case subject to limitations and exceptions set forth in the Loan Agreement. The Loan Agreement also contains a financial covenant that requires the Company to maintain a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio. 
 The Loan Agreement also contains customary events of default, such as the failure to pay obligations when due, a material breach of representations and warranties or covenants, the entry of material judgments against certain of our subsidiaries, the initiation of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings of certain of our subsidiaries, defaults on certain other indebtedness, a change of control, the failure of the guaranty of certain of our subsidiaries to be in effect or the failure of the security documents to create valid and perfected liens or the loan documents to be valid and enforceable, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, and financial results. Upon an event of default, the lenders may, subject to customary cure rights, require the immediate payment of all amounts outstanding and foreclose on collateral, which could force us into bankruptcy or liquidation. In the event that our lenders accelerated the repayment of the borrowings, we may not have sufficient assets to repay that indebtedness. Any acceleration of amounts due under the Loan Agreement would likely have a material adverse effect on us. As a result of these restrictions, we may be limited in how we conduct business, unable to raise additional debt or equity financing to operate during general economic or business downturns, or unable to compete effectively or to take advantage of new business opportunities. 
 In addition, we may enter into other credit agreements or other debt arrangements from time to time which contain similar or more extensive restrictive covenants and events of default, in which case we may face similar or additional limitations as a result of the terms of those credit agreements or other debt arrangements. 
 Our debt obligations may adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital and will be a burden on our future cash resources, particularly if we elect to settle these obligations in cash upon conversion or upon maturity or required repurchase. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 2024 Notes, the 2027 Notes and the 2028 Notes was 102.7 million, 200.0 million and 373.8 million, respectively. The degree to which we are leveraged could have important consequences, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, litigation, general corporate or other purposes may be limited; and 
 a substantial portion of our future cash balance may be dedicated to the payment of the principal of our indebtedness as we have stated the intention to pay the principal amount of each series of convertible senior notes in cash upon conversion or when otherwise due, such that we would not have those funds available for use in our business. 
 Our ability to meet our payment obligations under our debt instruments, including the convertible senior notes, depends on our future cash flow performance. This, to some extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative and regulatory factors, as well as other factors that may be beyond our control. There can be no assurance that our business will generate positive cash flow from operations, or that additional capital will be available to us, in an amount sufficient to enable us to meet our debt payment obligations and to fund other liquidity needs. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow to service our debt obligations, we may need to refinance or restructure our debt, sell assets, reduce or delay capital investments, or seek to raise additional capital. If we are unable to implement one or more of these alternatives, we may be unable to meet our debt payment obligations. As a result, we may be more vulnerable to economic downturns, less able to withstand competitive pressures and less flexible in responding to changing business and economic conditions. 
 Our international sales and operations subject us to additional risks that may harm our operating results. 
 Sales of our products into international markets continue to be an important part of our business. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, we derived approximately 45 , 53 and 54 , respectively, of our revenue from customers outside of the United States. We expect that significant management attention and financial resources will be required for our international activities over the foreseeable future as we continue to operate in international markets. In some countries, our success in selling our products and growing revenue will depend in part on our ability to form relationships with local partners. Our inability to identify appropriate partners or reach mutually satisfactory arrangements for international sales of our products could impact our ability to maintain or 
 32 

increase international market demand for our products. In addition, many of the companies we compete against internationally have greater name recognition and a more substantial sales and marketing presence. 
 We have sales and support personnel in the Americas, EMEA (with offices in the Middle East) and APAC (including China). In addition, we have established development centers in Canada, China, Finland, Germany, India, Portugal and Sweden. There is no assurance that our reliance upon development resources in international locations will enable us to achieve meaningful cost reductions or greater resource efficiency. We are also aggressively pursuing opportunities with customers in additional geographies, including EMEA, APAC and Latin America. Our efforts to increase our sales and capture market share in international markets may ultimately be unsuccessful and may limit our growth and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 New or continuing disruptions of the global supply chain or the manufacture of our customer s components caused by events outside of our control could impact our results of operations by impairing our ability to timely and efficiently deliver our products or provide installation and maintenance services to our customers. 
 In addition, our operations in Russia have been impacted by sanctions and other trade controls imposed by the United States and other governments in response to Russia's military operations in Ukraine which started in February 2022. The imposition of these sanctions and controls have prevented us from performing existing contracts. For the year ended December 31, 2022, less than 1 of our revenue was derived from customers in Russia, and for the year ended December 25, 2021, approximately 1 of our revenue was derived from customers based in Russia. A de minimis percentage of our revenue is derived from Russian customers including channel partners and customers in other countries whose contracts with us may involve Russian entities. 
 Our international operations are subject to inherent risks, and our future results could be adversely affected by a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control, including: 
 greater difficulty in collecting accounts receivable and longer collection periods; 
 difficulties of managing and staffing international offices, and the increased travel, infrastructure and legal compliance costs associated with multiple international locations; 
 political, social and economic instability, including wars, terrorism, political unrest, boycotts, curtailment of trade and other business restrictions; 
 tariff and trade barriers and other regulatory requirements, contractual limitations, or customer specifications impacting our ability to sell or develop our products in certain foreign markets; 
 less effective protection of intellectual property than is afforded to us in the United States or other developed countries; 
 potentially adverse tax consequences; 
 natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism, and health crises, including the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 changes to free trade agreements, trade protection measures, tariffs, export compliance, domestic preference procurement requirements, qualification to transact business and additional regulatory requirements, including changes related to policy and other changes made by the federal government in the United States, other national governments or multinational bodies; and 
 effects of changes in currency exchange rates, particularly relative increases in the exchange rate of the U.S. dollar compared to other currencies that could negatively affect our financial results and cash flows. 
 The concentration of the storage and distribution of our inventory primarily in one location in southeastern Asia increases the risks of our global operations. As a result, our operations are susceptible to local and regional factors in that area, such as accidents, system failures and weather conditions, natural disasters (including floods and earthquakes and related fires), and other unforeseen events and circumstances. Any significant interruption in the operations or availability of the storage and distribution facilities in which our 
 33 

inventory is held could lead to logistical and fulfillment issues or increased costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 International customers may also require that we comply with certain testing or customization of our products to conform to local standards. The product development costs to test or customize our products could be extensive and a material expense for us. 
 Our international operations are also subject to increasingly complex foreign and U.S. laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, anti-corruption laws, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended (the "FCPA"), and the United Kingdom Bribery Act 2010, as amended (the UK Bribery Act ), antitrust or competition laws, anti-money laundering laws, various trade controls, national security related regulations, and data privacy laws, among others. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines and penalties, criminal sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business and on our ability to offer our products and services in one or more countries, and could also materially affect our reputation, our international expansion efforts, our ability to attract and retain employees, our business, and our operating results. Although we have implemented policies, procedures and training designed to ensure compliance with these laws and regulations, there can be no complete assurance that any individual employee, contractor or agent will not violate our policies. Additionally, the costs of complying with these laws (including the costs of investigations, auditing and monitoring) could also adversely affect our current or future business. 
 As we continue to expand our business globally, our success will depend, in large part, on our ability to effectively anticipate and manage these and other risks and expenses associated with our international operations. Our failure to manage any of these risks successfully could harm our international operations and reduce our international sales, adversely affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may be adversely affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates. 
 A portion of our sales and expenses stem from countries outside of the United States, and are in currencies other than U.S. dollars, and therefore subject to foreign currency fluctuation. Accordingly, fluctuations in foreign currency rates could have a material impact on our financial results in future periods. We have from time to time entered into foreign currency exchange forward contracts to reduce the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on certain non-functional currency account balances. Even if we have forward contracts in place, while they may reduce some of the impact of currency exchange rate movements on certain transactions, they would not cover all foreign-denominated transactions and therefore may not entirely eliminate the impact of fluctuations in exchange rates on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our effective tax rate may increase or fluctuate, which could increase our income tax expense and reduce our net income. 
 Our effective tax rate can be adversely affected by several factors, many of which are outside of our control, including: 
 changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, and in deferred tax valuation allowances; 
 changes in the relative proportions of revenue and income before taxes in the various jurisdictions in which we operate that have differing statutory tax rates; 
 changing tax laws, regulations, rates and interpretations in multiple jurisdictions in which we operate; 
 changes to the financial accounting rules for income taxes; 
 the tax effects of acquisitions; and 
 the resolution of issues arising from tax audits. 
 
 The United States recently enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which, among other changes, implements a 1 excise tax on certain stock buybacks, which would generally apply to repurchases of stock by U.S. corporations, including certain transactions with the Capped Calls. Many countries and organizations such 
 34 

as the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development are actively considering changes to existing tax laws or have proposed or enacted new laws, including an agreement to implement a 15 global minimum tax, that could increase our tax obligations in countries where we do business or cause us to change the way we operate our business. The Council of the European Union has adopted this initiative for enactment by European Union member states by December 31, 2022, with implementation into the domestic laws of those states by the end of 2023. Any changes in U.S. federal, state or international tax laws or tax rulings could adversely affect our effective tax rate and our results of operations. 
 
 Beginning January 1, 2022, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 eliminated the right to deduct research and development expenditures for tax purposes in the period the expenses were incurred and instead requires all U.S. and foreign research and development expenditures to be amortized over five and fifteen tax years, respectively. This provision may materially increase our effective tax rate and reduce our operating cash flows over time as we continue to utilize available net operating losses and tax credits. 
 We may issue additional shares of our common stock in connection with conversions of the 2024 Notes, the 2027 Notes or the 2028 Notes, and thereby dilute our existing stockholders and potentially adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 In the event that some or all of each series of convertible senior notes are converted and we elect to deliver shares of common stock to the extent permitted, the ownership interests of existing stockholders will be diluted, and any sales in the public market of any shares of our common stock issuable upon such conversion could adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock. In addition, the anticipated conversion of any series of convertible senior notes we have issued could depress the market price of our common stock. 
 The fundamental change provisions of the 2024 Notes, the 2027 Notes and the 2028 Notes may delay or prevent an otherwise beneficial takeover attempt of us. 
 If a fundamental change, such as an acquisition of our company, occurs prior to the maturity of the 2024 Notes, the 2027 Notes or the 2028 Notes, holders of the applicable series of convertible senior notes will have the right, at their option, to require us to repurchase all or a portion of their convertible senior notes of such series. In addition, if such fundamental change also constitutes a make-whole fundamental change, the conversion rate for the applicable series of convertible senior notes may be increased upon conversion of the such series of convertible senior notes in connection with such make-whole fundamental change. Any increase in the conversion rate will be determined based on the date on which the make-whole fundamental change occurs or becomes effective and the price paid (or deemed paid) per share of our common stock in such transaction. Any such increase will be dilutive to our existing stockholders. Our obligation to repurchase any series of convertible senior notes or increase the conversion rate upon the occurrence of a make-whole fundamental change may, in certain circumstances, delay or prevent a takeover of us that might otherwise be beneficial to our stockholders. 
 The Capped Calls may affect the value of the 2024 Notes and our common stock. 
 In connection with the issuance of the 2024 Notes, we entered into capped call transactions (the "Capped Calls") with certain financial institutions who are the option counterparties. The Capped Calls are expected generally to reduce or offset the potential dilution upon conversion of the 2024 Notes or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted 2024 Notes, as the case may be, with such reduction or offset subject to a cap. 
 From time to time, the option counterparties or their respective affiliates may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivatives with respect to our common stock or purchasing or selling our common stock or other securities of ours in secondary market transactions prior to the maturity of the 2024 Notes. This activity could also cause an increase or a decrease in the market price of our common stock. 
 We are subject to counterparty risk with respect to the Capped Calls. 
 The option counterparties to the Capped Calls are financial institutions, and we will be subject to the risk that any or all of them might default under the Capped Calls. Our exposure to the credit risk of the counterparties will not be secured by any collateral. Past global economic conditions have resulted in the actual or perceived failure or financial difficulties of many financial institutions. If an option counterparty becomes subject to insolvency proceedings, we will become an unsecured creditor in those proceedings with a claim equal to our 
 35 

exposure at the time under the Capped Calls with such option counterparty. Our exposure will depend on many factors but, generally, an increase in our exposure will be correlated to an increase in the market price and in the volatility of our common stock. In addition, upon a default by an option counterparty, we may suffer adverse tax consequences and more dilution than we currently anticipate with respect to our common stock. We can provide no assurance as to the financial stability or viability of the option counterparties. 
 Legal and Regulatory Risk Factors 
 If we fail to protect our intellectual property rights, our competitive position could be harmed, or we could incur significant expense to enforce our rights. 
 We depend on our ability to protect our proprietary technology. We rely on a combination of methods to protect our intellectual property, including limiting access to certain information, and utilizing trade secret, patent, copyright and trademark laws and confidentiality agreements with employees and third parties, all of which offer only limited protection. The steps we have taken to protect our proprietary rights may be inadequate to preclude misappropriation or unauthorized disclosure of our proprietary information or infringement of our intellectual property rights, and our ability to police such misappropriation, unauthorized disclosure or infringement is uncertain, particularly in countries outside of the United States. This is likely to become an increasingly important issue if we expand our operations and product development into countries that provide a lower level of intellectual property protection. We do not know whether any of our pending patent applications will result in the issuance of patents or whether the examination process will require us to narrow our claims, and even if patents are issued, they may be contested, circumvented or invalidated. Moreover, the rights granted under any issued patents may not provide us with a competitive advantage, and, as with any technology, competitors may be able to develop similar or superior technologies to our own now or in the future. 
 Protecting against the unauthorized use of our products, trademarks and other proprietary rights is expensive, difficult, time consuming and, in some cases, impossible. Litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce or defend our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets or to determine the validity or scope of the proprietary rights of others. Such litigation could result in substantial cost and diversion of management resources, either of which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, many of our current and potential competitors have the ability to dedicate substantially greater resources to enforce their intellectual property rights than we do. Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing upon or misappropriating our intellectual property. 
 Claims by others that we infringe on their intellectual property rights could harm our business. 
 Our industry is characterized by the existence of a large number of patents and frequent claims and related litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights. In particular, many leading companies in the optical transport networking industry, including our competitors, have extensive patent portfolios with respect to optical transport networking technology. In addition, non-practicing patent holding companies seek to monetize patents they have purchased or otherwise obtained. We expect that infringement claims may increase as the number of products and competitors in our market increases and overlaps in technology implementation occur. From time to time, third parties may assert exclusive patent, copyright, trademark and other intellectual property rights to technologies and related standards that are important to our business or seek to invalidate the proprietary rights that we hold. Competitors or other third parties have asserted, and may continue to assert, claims or initiate litigation or other proceedings against us or our manufacturers, suppliers or customers alleging infringement of their proprietary rights, or seeking to invalidate our proprietary rights, with respect to our products and technology. In addition, in the past we have had certain patent licenses with third parties that have not been renewed, and if we cannot successfully renew these licenses, we could face claims of infringement. In the event that we are unsuccessful in defending against any such claims, or any resulting lawsuits or proceedings, we could incur liability for damages or have valuable proprietary rights invalidated. For additional information regarding certain of the legal proceedings in which we are involved, see Part II, Item 8, Note 13 under the heading Legal Matters. 
 Any claim of infringement from a third party, even one without merit, could cause us to incur substantial costs defending against the claim, and could distract our management from running our business. Furthermore, a party making such a claim, if successful, could secure a judgment that requires us to pay substantial damages or could include an injunction or other court order that could prevent us from offering our products. In addition, we might be required to seek a license for the use of such intellectual property, which may not be available on 
 36 

commercially reasonable terms or at all. Alternatively, we may be required to develop non-infringing technology, which would require significant effort and expense and may ultimately not be successful. Any of these events could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Competitors and other third parties have and may continue to assert infringement claims against our customers and sales partners. Any of these claims may require us to initiate or defend potentially protracted and costly litigation on their behalf, regardless of the merits of these claims, because we generally indemnify our customers and sales partners from claims of infringement of proprietary rights of third parties. If any of these claims succeed, we may be forced to pay damages on behalf of our customers or sales partners, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We also incorporate free and open source licensed software into our products. Although we monitor our use of such open source software closely, the terms of many open source licenses have not been interpreted by U.S. courts, and there is a risk that such licenses could be construed in a manner that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to commercialize our products. In addition, non-compliance with open source software license terms and conditions could subject us to potential liability, including intellectual property infringement or contract claims. In such events, we may be required to seek licenses from third parties in order to continue offering our products, to re-engineer our products or to discontinue the sale of our products in the event re-engineering cannot be accomplished in a timely manner, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Security incidents, such as data breaches and cyber-attacks, could compromise our intellectual property and proprietary or confidential information and cause significant damage to our business and reputation. 
 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we maintain sensitive data on our networks and systems, including data related to our intellectual property and data related to our business, customers and business partners, which may be considered proprietary or confidential information. This sensitive data includes certain personal information and other data relating to our employees and others. We also utilize third-party service providers to host, transmit, or otherwise process data in connection with our business activities, including our supply chain processes, operations, and communications. Companies, especially in the technology industry, have been increasingly subject to a wide variety of security incidents, cyber-attacks, malicious activity, including ransomware, malware and viruses, and other attempts to gain unauthorized access and disrupt systems and the confidentiality, security, and integrity of information, and we and our third-party service providers and suppliers have faced and may continue to face security threats and attacks from a variety of sources. In accordance with our flexible approach to work arrangements, many of our employees are working from home and accessing our corporate network via remote devices, which may be less secure than those used in our offices and thus could increase the potential for such events to occur. 
 While the secure maintenance of this information and the security of the systems used in our business are critical to our business and reputation, our network and storage applications, and those systems and other business applications maintained by our third-party providers, may be subject to unauthorized access by hackers or breached or otherwise compromised due to operator error, malfeasance or other system disruptions. It may be difficult to anticipate or immediately detect such security incidents or breaches and to prevent or mitigate damage caused as a result. Accordingly, a data breach, security incident, cyber-attack, attack using ransomware or other malware, or any other unauthorized access to systems used in our business or unauthorized acquisition, disclosure, or other processing of our information or other information that we or our third-party vendors maintain or otherwise process could compromise our intellectual property, disrupt our operations, or result in loss of or unauthorized access to or acquisition, disclosure, modification, misuse, corruption, unavailability, or destruction of proprietary or confidential information. While we work to safeguard our internal networks and systems and validate the security of our third-party suppliers and providers to mitigate these potential risks, including through information security policies and employee awareness and training, there is no assurance that such actions will be sufficient to prevent cyber-attacks or security breaches or incidents, and we cannot guarantee that our systems and networks or our third-party service providers systems and networks have not been breached or that they or any components of our supply chain do not contain exploitable defects or bugs, including defects or bugs that could result in a breach of or disruption to our systems and networks or the systems and networks of third parties that support our operations. We and third-party service providers also may face difficulties or delays in identifying or responding to security breaches and other security-related incidents. We have been subjected in the past to a range of incidents including phishing, emails purporting to come from an executive or vendor seeking payment requests, malware and communications from look-alike corporate domains. For example, in 
 37 

2021, we experienced a phishing attack that resulted in an immaterial loss. While they have not had a material effect on our business or our network security to date, security breaches or incidents involving access to or improper use of our systems, networks or products, or those of third-party service providers, could compromise confidential or otherwise protected information, result in unauthorized acquisition, disclosure, modification, misuse, corruption, unavailability, or destruction of data, cause payments to be diverted to fraudulent accounts, or otherwise disrupt our operations. Security breaches or incidents, or any reports or perceptions that they have occurred, could cause us to incur significant costs and expenses to remediate and otherwise respond to any actual or suspected breach or incident, subject us to regulatory actions and investigations, disrupt key business operations, result in claims, demands, and liability, and divert attention of management and key information technology resources, any of which could cause significant harm to our business and reputation. Even the perception of inadequate security may damage our reputation and negatively impact our business. Further, we could be required to expend significant capital and other resources to address any security incident or breach and to attempt to prevent future security incidents and breaches. 
 Although we maintain insurance coverage that may cover certain liabilities in connection with some security breaches and other security incidents, we cannot be certain our insurance coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred, including any consequential damages that may arise from such security incidents, that insurance will continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms (if at all) or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, or denials of coverage could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our financial condition, results of operations and reputation. 
 If we fail to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting in the future, the accuracy and timing of our financial reporting may be adversely affected. 
 We are required to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ("SOX"). The provisions of SOX require, among other things, that we maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. Preparing our financial statements involves a number of complex processes, many of which are done manually and are dependent upon individual data input or review. These processes include, but are not limited to, calculating revenue, deferred revenue and inventory costs. While we continue to automate our processes and put in place controls to reduce the likelihood for errors, we expect that for the foreseeable future many of our processes will remain manually intensive and thus subject to human error. If we are unable to implement effective key operational controls around financial processes and successfully manage and monitor manual processes, we may fail to prevent or detect material misstatements in our financial statements, in which case investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our securities may decline. 
 We are subject to various governmental export control, trade sanctions, and import laws and regulations that could impair our ability to compete in international markets or subject us to liability if we violate these controls. 
 In some cases, our products are subject to U.S. and foreign export control laws and regulations that may limit where and to whom we are permitted to sell our products, including the Export Administration Regulations administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce, and our activities may be subject to trade and economic sanctions, including those administered by the United States Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control (collectively, Trade Controls ). As such, a license may be required to export or re-export our products, or provide related services, to certain countries and end-users, and for certain end-uses. Further, our products incorporating encryption functionality may be subject to special controls applying to encryption items or certain reporting requirements. 
 We have procedures in place designed to ensure our compliance with Trade Controls, with which failure to comply could subject us to both civil and criminal penalties, including substantial fines, possible incarceration of responsible individuals for willful violations, possible loss of our export or import privileges, or reputational harm. Further, the process for obtaining necessary licenses may be time-consuming or unsuccessful, potentially causing delays in sales or losses of sales opportunities. Trade Controls are complex and dynamic regimes, and monitoring and ensuring compliance can be challenging, particularly given that our products are widely distributed throughout the world. Although we have no knowledge that our activities have resulted in material violations of Trade Controls, any failure by us or our partners to comply with applicable laws and regulations 
 38 

would have negative consequences for us, including reputational harm, government investigations, and penalties. 
 In addition, various countries regulate the import of certain technologies and have enacted laws that could limit our ability to distribute our products and certain product features or could limit our customers ability to implement our products in those countries. Changes in our products or changes in U.S. and foreign import and export regulations may create delays in the introduction of our products in international markets, prevent our customers with international operations from deploying our products throughout their global systems or, in some cases, prevent the import and export of our products to certain countries altogether. For example, the United States has imposed tariffs on a large variety of products originating from China, including some on components that are supplied to us from China. Depending upon the duration and implementation of these and future tariffs, as well as our ability to mitigate their impact, these tariffs could materially affect our business, including in the form of increased cost of goods sold, increased pricing for customers, and reduced sales. Additionally, the U.S. government has levied controls affecting the ability to send certain products and technology related to semiconductors, semiconductor manufacturing and supercomputing to China without an export license and adding additional entities to restricted party lists. It remains unclear what additional actions, if any, will be taken by the governments of the United States or China with respect to such trade and tariff matters. Any change in import and export regulations or related legislation, shift in approach to the enforcement or scope of existing regulations, or change in the countries, persons or technologies impacted by such regulations, could result in decreased use of our products by, or in our decreased ability to export or sell our products to, existing or potential customers with international operations. Failure to comply with these and similar laws on a timely basis, or at all, or any limitation on our ability to develop, export or sell our products would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to environmental regulations that could adversely affect our business. 
 We are subject to complex U.S. and foreign environmental rules and regulations or other social initiatives that impact how and where we manufacture our products. In particular, our manufacturing operations use substances that are regulated by various federal, state, local, foreign and international laws and regulations governing health, safety and the environment, including U.S. Environmental Protection Agency regulations and WEEE, RoHS and REACH regulations adopted by the E.U. From time to time, the E.U. restricts or considers restricting certain substances under these directives. For example, InP has been considered for restriction under RoHS. Any restriction of InP or any other substance integral to our systems could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. In addition, if we experience a problem complying with these laws and regulations, it could cause an interruption or delay in our manufacturing operations or it could cause us to incur liabilities or costs related to health, safety or environmental remediation or compliance. We could also be subject to liability if we do not handle these substances in compliance with safety standards for handling, storage and transportation and applicable laws and regulations. If we experience a problem or fail to comply with such safety standards or laws and regulations, our business, financial condition and operating results may be harmed. 
 Regulations relating to environmental, social and governance matters, as well as customer and investor demands, may add operational complexity for us and may adversely affect our relationships with our customers, suppliers and investors. 
 There has been an increased focus on environmental, social and governance ("ESG") matters that affect companies globally, including by the SEC. A number of our customers have adopted, or may adopt, procurement policies that include environmental or social responsibility provisions or requirements that their suppliers should comply with, or they may seek to include such provisions or requirements in their procurement terms and conditions. An increasing number of investors are also requiring companies to disclose corporate ESG policies, practices and metrics. In addition, various jurisdictions are developing climate change-based laws or regulations that could cause us to incur additional direct costs for compliance, as well as indirect costs resulting from our customers, suppliers, or both, incurring additional compliance costs that are passed on to us. These legal and regulatory requirements, as well as investor expectations, on corporate ESG responsibility practices and disclosure, are subject to change, can be unpredictable, and may be difficult and expensive for us to comply with, given the complexity of our supply chain. If we are unable to comply with, or are unable to cause our suppliers or contract manufacturers to comply with such policies or provisions, or meet the requirements of our customers and investors, a customer may stop purchasing products from us or an investor may sell their shares, and may take legal action against us, which could harm our reputation, revenue and results of operations. 
 39 

We are subject to global laws and regulations governing privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity that could adversely affect our business or subject us to liability. 
 Data privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity are areas of increasing focus for our customers, governmental regulators and privacy advocates, and many jurisdictions, including the E.U., the United States, China and other regions, are evaluating or have implemented laws and regulations relating to cybersecurity, privacy and data protection, which can affect the market and requirements for networking and communications equipment. For example, the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR in effect in the E.U., and similar regulatory standards in effect in the United Kingdom, the Personal Information Protection Law ("PIPL") in China, the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA and the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), other enacted or proposed legislation in the United States, and enacted or proposed legislation in other jurisdictions have created new compliance obligations with respect to data processing, privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity. 
 The laws, rules, regulations, standards and other actual and asserted obligations relating to privacy, data protection and cybersecurity to which we may be subject, or that otherwise apply to our business, are constantly evolving, and we expect that there will continue to be new proposed laws, regulations and industry standards concerning these matters in the United States, the E.U. and other jurisdictions. We cannot fully predict the impact of the GDPR, the PIPL, the CCPA, the CPRA or other laws or regulations, including those that may be modified or enacted in the future, or new or evolving industry standards or actual or asserted obligations, relating to cybersecurity, privacy, or data protection or processing on our business or operations. These laws, regulations, and standards have required us to modify our practices and policies relating to privacy, data protection, cybersecurity, and data processing, and to incur substantial costs and expenses in an effort to comply, and we expect to continue to incur such costs and expenses in the future and may find it necessary or appropriate to further modify our relevant practices and policies. Any actual or perceived failure by us or our customers, partners or vendors to comply with laws, regulations, or other actual or asserted obligations to which we are or are alleged to be subject relating to cybersecurity, privacy or data protection could result in claims, litigation, and regulatory investigations and other proceedings, as well as damage to our reputation. These could result in substantial costs, diversion of resources, fines, penalties, and other damages, and harm to our customer relationships, our market position, and our ability to attract new customers. Any of these could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 A portion of our revenue is generated by sales to government entities, which are subject to a number of uncertainties, challenges, and risks. 
 We currently sell many of our solutions to various government entities, and we may in the future increase sales to government entities. Sales to government entities are subject to a number of risks, including risks related to a highly competitive, expensive, and time consuming sales process, which often requires significant upfront time and expense without any assurance that we will complete a sale. If we are successfully awarded a government contract, such award may be subject to appeals, disputes, or litigation, including, but not limited to, bid protests by unsuccessful bidders. Government demand and payment for our solutions may be impacted by public sector budgetary cycles and funding authorizations, with funding reductions or delays adversely affecting public sector demand for our solutions. Government entities may also have statutory, contractual, or other legal rights to terminate contracts for convenience or due to a default. For purchases by the U.S. federal government, the government may require certain products to be made in, or be products of, the United States or other high-cost manufacturing locations, and all of our products may not be made in or products of jurisdictions that meet government requirements, and as a result, our business and results of operations may suffer. Contracts with government entities may also include preferential pricing terms, including, but not limited to, most favored customer pricing. 
 Additionally, we may be required to obtain special certifications to sell some or all of our solutions to government or quasi-government entities. Such certification requirements for our solutions may change, thereby restricting our ability to sell into the federal government sector until we have attained the revised certification. If our products and subscriptions are late in achieving or fail to achieve compliance with these certifications and standards, or our competitors achieve compliance with these certifications and standards before us, we may be disqualified from selling our products to such governmental entities, or be at a competitive disadvantage, which would harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. There are no assurances that we will find the terms for obtaining such certifications to be acceptable or that we will be successful in obtaining or maintaining the certifications. 
 40 

As a government contractor or subcontractor, we must comply with laws, regulations, and contractual provisions relating to the formation, administration, and performance of government contracts and inclusion on government contract vehicles, which affect how we and our partners do business with government agencies. As a result of actual or perceived noncompliance with government contracting laws, regulations, or contractual provisions, we may be subject to non-ordinary course audits and internal investigations which may prove costly to our business financially, divert management time, or limit our ability to continue selling our products and services to our government customers. These laws and regulations may impose other added costs on our business, and failure to comply with these or other applicable regulations and requirements, including non-compliance in the past, could lead to claims for damages from our channel partners, downward contract price adjustments or refund obligations, civil or criminal penalties, termination of contracts or suspension or debarment from government contracting for a period of time with government agencies. Any such damages, penalties, disruption, or limitation in our ability to do business with a government would adversely impact, and could have a material adverse effect on, our business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation and growth prospects. 
 Our business could be adversely affected if our employees cannot obtain and maintain required security clearances or we cannot maintain a required facility security clearance, or we do not comply with legal and regulatory obligations regarding the safeguarding of classified information. 
 Our U.S. government contract revenue includes income derived from contracts that require our employees to maintain various levels of security clearances and may require us to maintain a facility security clearance, to comply with Department of Defense DoD requirements. The DoD has strict security clearance requirements for personnel who perform work in support of classified programs. In general, access to classified information, technology, facilities, or programs are subject to additional contract oversight and potential liability. In the event of a security incident involving classified information, technology, facilities, programs, or personnel holding clearances, we may be subject to legal, financial, operational, and reputational harm. We are limited in our ability to provide specific information about these classified programs, their risks, or any disputes or claims relating to such programs. As a result, investors have less insight into our classified programs than our other businesses and therefore less ability to fully evaluate the risks related to our classified business or our business overall. Obtaining and maintaining security clearances for employees involves a lengthy process, and it is difficult to identify, recruit, and retain employees who already hold security clearances. If our employees are unable to obtain security clearances in a timely manner, or at all, or if our employees who hold security clearances are unable to maintain their clearances or terminate employment with us, then a customer requiring classified work could terminate an existing contract or decide not to renew the contract upon its expiration. To the extent we are not able to obtain or maintain a facility security clearance, we may not be able to bid on or win new classified contracts, and existing contracts requiring a facility security clearance could be terminated. 
 Failure to comply with anti-bribery, anti-corruption, anti-money laundering laws, and similar laws, could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences. 
 We are subject to the FCPA, the U.S. domestic bribery statute contained in 18 U.S.C. 201, the U.S. Travel Act, the UK Bribery Act, and possibly other anti-bribery and anti-money laundering laws in the United States and in countries outside of the United States in which we conduct our activities. Anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws have been enforced aggressively and are interpreted broadly to generally prohibit companies, their employees, agents, representatives, business partners, and third-party intermediaries from authorizing, offering, or providing, directly or indirectly, improper payments or benefits to recipients in the public or private sector. 
 We sometimes leverage third parties to sell our products and conduct our business abroad. We or our employees, agents, representatives, business partners or third-party intermediaries may have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or state-owned or affiliated entities and may be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of these employees, agents, representatives, business partners or third-party intermediaries even if we do not explicitly authorize such activities. We cannot assure you that all of our employees and agents will refrain from taking actions in violation of applicable law for which we may be ultimately held responsible. As we increase our international sales and business, our risks under these laws may increase. 
 These laws also require that we keep accurate books and records and maintain internal controls and compliance procedures designed to prevent any such actions. While we have policies and procedures to address compliance with such laws, we cannot assure you that none of our employees, agents, representatives, business 
 41 

partners or third-party intermediaries will take actions in violation of our policies and applicable law, for which we may be ultimately held responsible. 
 Any allegations or violation of the FCPA or other applicable anti-bribery, anti-corruption laws, and anti-money laundering laws could result in whistleblower complaints, sanctions, settlements, prosecution, enforcement actions, fines, damages, adverse media coverage, investigations, loss of export privileges, severe criminal or civil sanctions, or suspension or debarment from U.S. government contracts, all of which may have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations, and prospects. Responding to any investigation or action will likely result in a materially significant diversion of management s attention and resources and significant defense costs and other professional fees. 
 General Risk Factors 
 The trading price of our common stock has been volatile and may be volatile in the future. 
 The trading prices of our common stock and the securities of other technology companies have been and may continue to be highly volatile. Factors affecting the trading price of our common stock include: 
 variations in our operating results; 
 announcements of technological innovations, new services or service enhancements, strategic alliances or agreements by us or by our competitors; 
 the gain or loss of customers; 
 recruitment or departure of key personnel; 
 changes in the estimates of our future operating results or external guidance on those results or changes in recommendations or business expectations by any securities analysts that elect to follow our common stock; 
 mergers and acquisitions by us, by our competitors or by our customers or suppliers; 
 market conditions in our industry, the industries of our customers and the economy as a whole, including global trade tariffs, supply chain disruptions, and fluctuations in currency exchange rates, interest rates or inflation rates; 
 social, geopolitical, environmental or health factors, including pandemics or widespread health epidemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic; and 
 adoption or modification of regulations, policies, procedures or programs applicable to our business. 
 An economic downturn, negative financial news, continued inflation, high interest rates, declines in income or asset values, market conditions, changes to fuel and other energy costs, and other economic factors, may lead to market volatility and associated uncertainty. In addition, if the market for technology stocks or the broader stock market experiences a loss of investor confidence, the trading price of our common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, financial condition or results of operations. Each of these factors, among others, could harm the value of your investment in our common stock. Some companies that have had volatile market prices for their securities have had securities class action lawsuits filed against them. If a suit were filed against us, regardless of its merits or outcome, it could result in substantial costs and divert management s attention and resources. 
 Future sales of our common stock could cause our stock price to fall. 
 We have sold, and plan in the future to sell, shares of our common stock in underwritten offerings and have established, and may in the future establish, at-the-market offering programs pursuant to which we may offer and sell shares of our common stock. Sales of securities have resulted and will continue to result in dilution of our existing stockholders, and such sales could cause our stock price to fall. 
 42 

In addition, if our existing stockholders sell, or indicate an intent to sell, a large number of shares of our common stock in the public market, it could cause our stock price to fall. We may also issue shares of common stock or securities convertible into our common stock from time to time in connection with financings, acquisitions, investments or otherwise. Any such issuance would result in dilution to our existing stockholders and could cause our stock price to fall. 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and Delaware law could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company and may affect the trading price of our common stock. 
 We are a Delaware corporation and the anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which apply to us, may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control by prohibiting us from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the person becomes an interested stockholder, even if a change of control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a change in our management or control over us that stockholders may consider favorable. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws: 
 authorize the issuance of blank check convertible preferred stock that could be issued by our board of directors to thwart a takeover attempt; 
 establish a classified board of directors, as a result of which the successors to the directors whose terms have expired will be elected to serve from the time of election and qualification until the third annual meeting following their election; 
 require that directors only be removed from office for cause; 
 provide that vacancies on the board of directors, including newly created directorships, may be filled only by a majority vote of directors then in office rather than by stockholders; 
 prevent stockholders from calling special meetings; and 
 prohibit stockholder action by written consent, requiring all actions to be taken at a meeting of the stockholders. 
 Our amended and restated bylaws designate the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and the federal district courts of the United States of America as the exclusive forums for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which will restrict our stockholders ability to choose the judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. 
 Our amended and restated bylaws provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or, if such court lacks jurisdiction, any other state or federal court located in the State of Delaware, is the exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty; any action arising pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or our amended and restated bylaws; or any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. However, such exclusive forum provisions would not apply to any such claim as to which such court determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of such court (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of such court within 10 days following such determination), which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than such court or for which such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction. 
 These provisions would not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the U.S. federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all such Securities Act actions. Accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims. Our stockholders cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. To prevent having to litigate claims in multiple jurisdictions and the threat of inconsistent or contrary rulings by different courts, among other considerations, our amended and restated bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the sole and exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. While the Delaware courts have determined that such choice of forum provisions are facially valid, a stockholder may 
 43 

nevertheless seek to bring a claim in a venue other than those designated in the exclusive forum provisions. In such instance, we would expect to vigorously assert the validity and enforceability of the exclusive forum provisions of our amended and restated bylaws. This may require significant additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions and there can be no assurance that the provisions will be enforced by a court in those other jurisdictions. 
 These exclusive choice of forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, and other employees. If a court were to find such exclusive-forum provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur further significant additional costs associated with resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions, all of which could harm our business. 
 Events that are outside our control, such as natural disasters, violence or other catastrophic events, could harm our operations. 
 Our headquarters and the majority of our infrastructure, including our PIC fabrication manufacturing facility, are located in Northern California, an area that is susceptible to earthquakes, fires, floods and other natural disasters. Further, attacks and violence aimed at Northern California or at the United States energy or telecommunications infrastructure could hinder or delay the development and sale of our products. In the event that an earthquake, targeted attack or other man-made or natural catastrophe were to destroy any part of our or our contract manufacturers or suppliers' facilities, destroy or disrupt vital infrastructure systems, or interrupt our operations or supply chain for any extended period of time, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be harmed. For related risks concerning the operations and availability of the storage facilities in which our inventory is held, see also the Risk Factor titled "Our international sales and operations subject us to additional risks that may harm our operating results." 
 44 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Our headquarters are located in San Jose, California, which consist of approximately 82,000 square feet under lease. As of December 31, 2022, we leased approximately 57,000 square feet for research and development and manufacturing in Sunnyvale, California. 
 In addition to the leased buildings in San Jose and Sunnyvale, California, we also lease approximately 483,000 square feet of office spaces for research and development centers and for sales, service and support in various countries within (i) North America; (ii) LATAM; (iii) EMEA; and (iv) APAC. 
 All of these leases expire between 2023 and 2031. We also own a facility in Allentown, Pennsylvania. We intend to adjust our facility space to meet our requirements and we believe that suitable additional or substitute space will be available as needed to accommodate our business needs for our operations. We believe that our existing facilities are adequate to meet our business needs through the next 12 months. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 The information set forth under the heading Legal Matters in Note 13, Commitments and Contingencies, in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not Applicable. 
 45 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol INFN. As of February 14, 2023, there were 70 registered holders of record of our common stock. A substantially greater number of holders of our common stock are street name or beneficial holders, whose shares are held by banks, brokers and other financial institutions. 
 We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock and do not intend to pay any cash dividends on our common stock in the near future. 
 STOCK PERFORMANCE GRAPH 
 The following graph compares the cumulative five-year total return provided stockholders on our common stock relative to the cumulative total returns of the Nasdaq Composite Index and the Nasdaq Telecommunications Index. An investment of 100 (with reinvestment of all dividends, if any) is assumed to have been made in our common stock and in each of the indexes on December 30, 2017 and its relative performance is tracked through December 31, 2022. The Nasdaq Telecommunications Index contains securities of Nasdaq-listed companies classified according to the Industry Classification Benchmark as Telecommunications and Telecommunications Equipment. They include providers of fixed-line and mobile telephone services, and makers and distributors of high-technology communication products. This graph is not deemed to be filed with the SEC or subject to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and the graph shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any prior or subsequent filing by us under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act. 
 COMPARISON OF FIVE YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN 
 Among Infinera Corporation, the Nasdaq Composite Index, and the Nasdaq Telecommunications Index 
 Assumes 100 invested on December 30, 2017 in our common stock, in the Nasdaq Composite Index and the Nasdaq Telecommunications Index, with reinvestment of all dividends, if any. Indexes calculated on month-end basis. 
 46 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

47 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, as well as assumptions that, if they never materialize or prove incorrect, could cause our results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, our expectations regarding revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, cash flows and other financial items; the severity, magnitude, duration and effects of supply chain challenges and logistics issues; the extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic or other public health concerns and related impacts will materially and adversely affect our business operations, financial performance, results of operations, financial position, stock price and personnel; achievement of strategic objectives; any statements regarding our plans, strategies and objectives; the impact of new customer network footprint on our gross margin; our anticipated diversified customer base; our opportunities to grow revenue by driving adoption of new and existing solutions; expansion of our vertical integration capabilities across more of our product portfolio utilizing our ICE6 optical engine and related impacts on gross margin; cost management with investments in technology innovation; our go-to-market efforts globally to expand our customer reach and drive additional market share gains in the long term; future investments in our direct sales force; the portion of our future revenue attributable to direct sales; the effects of seasonal patterns in our business; the variable length of our sales cycle; factors that may affect our operating results; investments in research and development to support our strategy of expanding our vertically integrated product portfolio, including bringing new products to market quickly; anticipated customer acceptance of our solutions; statements concerning new products or services, including new product features; our beliefs about who we may compete with and how we are differentiated from those competitors; statements regarding our production capacity and facilities requirements; statements related to capital expenditures; statements related to working capital and liquidity; our ability to realize deferred tax assets; statements related to future economic conditions, performance, market growth, competitor, supplier or customer consolidation, or our sales cycle; our ability to identify, attract and retain highly skilled personnel; statements regarding our corporate culture; our ability to protect our technology and intellectual property, the frequency of claims related to our intellectual property and the value of our intellectual property; statements regarding restructuring of our business, acquisitions, or other strategic transactions; statements related to our convertible senior notes and credit facility; statements related to the impact of tax regulations; statements related to the proliferation and impact of environmental regulation; statements related to the effects of litigation on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows; statements related to factors beyond our control, such as natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism, epidemics and pandemics; statements related to new accounting standards; statements as to industry trends and other matters that do not relate strictly to historical facts; and statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. These statements are often identified using words such as anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, "should," "will," or "would," and similar expressions or variations. These statements are based on the beliefs and assumptions of our management based on information currently available to management. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results and the timing of certain events to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below, and those discussed in the section titled Risk Factors included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You should review these risk factors for a more complete understanding of the risks associated with an investment in our securities. Such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. We disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Overview 
 We are a semiconductor manufacturer and global supplier of networking solutions comprised of networking equipment, optical semiconductors, software and services. Our portfolio of solutions includes optical transport platforms, converged packet-optical transport platforms, compact modular platforms, optical line systems, coherent optical engines and subsystems, a suite of networking and automation software offerings, and support and professional services. Leveraging our U.S.-based compound semiconductor fab and in-house packaging capabilities, we design, develop, and manufacture industry-leading indium phosphide-based PICs for use in our vertically integrated, high-capacity optical communications products. 
 48 

Our customers include operators of fixed and mobile networks, including telecommunications service providers, ICPs, cable providers, wholesale carriers, research and educational institutions, large enterprises, utilities and government entities. Our networking solutions enable our customers to deliver high-bandwidth business and consumer communications services. Our comprehensive portfolio of networking solutions also enables our customers to scale their transport networks as end-user services and applications continue to drive growth in demand for network bandwidth. These end-user services and applications include, but are not limited to, high-speed internet access, business ethernet services, 4G/5G mobile broadband, cloud-based services, high-definition video streaming services, virtual and augmented reality, IoT, business Ethernet services and DCI. 
 As an optical semiconductor manufacturer, we specialize in the manufacturing of optical compound semiconductors using InP. This technology is used in telecommunications networks to transmit massive amounts of data and power, critical communications services like 5G, enhanced broadband, and high-capacity data center connectivity. We have made significant investments in our unique research, development, fabrication, and packaging facilities, including our optical compound semiconductor fab in Silicon Valley. We optimize the manufacturing process by using InP to build our PICs, which enables the integration of hundreds of optical functions onto a onto a single, monolithic optical semiconductor chip. The unique capabilities of our optical semiconductor fab, which has provided our customers with a critical and secure source of U.S.-produced optical semiconductors and strengthened the supply chain, have enabled us to consistently pioneer critical technology advancements. For example, our latest generation of technology has made it possible to transmit information at a rate of 800 Gb/s using a single laser. 
 We support U.S. government efforts to advance and increase the domestic manufacturing base for semiconductors as a matter of economic and national security. Compound semiconductors including those based in InP are an important part of the domestic semiconductor industry and will enable the next-generation of leading-edge technologies. Domestic manufacturing is critical in order to reduce our reliance on foreign sources of compound semiconductor materials and components, which is essential to economic growth and to the security of our domestic communications infrastructure. 
 The large-scale integration of our PICs and advanced DSPs enables us to develop and manufacture high-performance optical engines that are used in our coherent optical networking system and subsystem solutions. These solutions include features that customers care about the most, including reduced cost per bit, lower footprint and power consumption, and improved performance, reliability and security. Coherent optical solutions are becoming increasingly important across the network as our customers transition to 800 Gb/s per wavelength transmission speeds and beyond in the core, 400 Gb/s in the metro, and 100 Gb/s in the access market segment. We believe our vertical integration strategy provides a competitive advantage by enabling leading optical performance at higher optical speeds with increased spectral efficiency, greater control over our supply chain, and a lower cost structure. 
 We have grown our solutions portfolio through internal development as well as acquisitions, including the acquisition of Coriant, a privately held global supplier of open network solutions for the largest global network operators. These developments positioned us to be one of the leading providers of vertically integrated optical networking solutions in the world with the ability to serve a global customer base with accelerated delivery of the innovative solutions our customers demand. In 2021, we announced an expansion of our portfolio with the introduction of a suite of coherent optical pluggables designed to seamlessly address the rapidly growing market for point-to-point solutions as well as create a new category of point-to-multipoint solutions that can enable a dramatically more cost-efficient network architecture. Based on our vertically integrated optical semiconductor technology and supporting a range of high-speed transport rates that include 800 Gb/s, 400 Gb/s and 100 Gb/s, this suite of coherent optical pluggables builds on our history of delivering innovative, highly differentiated, and vertically integrated coherent optical engines. 
 Our products are designed to be managed by a suite of software solutions that enable simplified network management and automated operations. We also provide software-enabled programmability that offers differentiated capabilities such as Instant Bandwidth. Combined with our differentiated hardware solutions, Instant Bandwidth enables our customers to purchase and activate bandwidth as needed through our unique software licensing feature set. This, in turn, allows our customers to accomplish two key objectives: (1) limit their initial network startup costs and investments; and (2) instantly activate new bandwidth as their customers and their own network needs evolve. 
 49 

We sell our products to end-user customers and third-party network equipment manufacturers via a direct sales force and through indirect channel partners. 
 We believe our systems and subsystems portfolios benefit our customers by providing a unique combination of highly scalable capacity and features that address access to core transport network applications and ultimately simplify and automate network operations. Our high-performance optical transport solutions leverage the industry shift to open optical network architectures and enable our customers to efficiently and cost-effectively meet bandwidth demand, which continues to grow 30 or more year-over-year. 
 Impact of COVID-19 Pandemic 
 We continue to monitor the COVID-19 pandemic and actively assess potential implications to our business, supply chain, customer fulfillment sites, support operations and customer demand. We are also continuing to take appropriate measures to protect the health and safety of our employees and to create and maintain a safe working environment. While the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have been decreasing, if the COVID-19 pandemic or its adverse effects become more severe or prevalent in the future or are prolonged in the locations where we, our customers, suppliers or contract manufacturers conduct business, or we experience more pronounced disruptions in our operations, or in economic activity and demand generally, our business and results of operations in future periods could be materially adversely affected. 
 Financial and Business Highlights 
 Total revenue was 1,573.2 million in 2022 as compared to 1,425.2 million in 2021, representing a 10 increase. The year-over-year increase in revenue was driven by the ramp of new products, particularly ICE6, and revenue growth in our ICP vertical in the United States and our other service provider vertical in the United States and APAC. This growth was partially offset by lower revenue from certain Tier 1 customers and each of our other service provider and ICP verticals in EMEA and in our cable vertical in the United States. In 2023, we anticipate benefiting from a diversified customer base and see several prospective opportunities to grow revenue by driving adoption of new and existing solutions. Our results will depend on overall market conditions and, as is typical, quarter-over-quarter revenue could be volatile, affected by, among other factors, customer buying patterns, supply chain disruptions and the timing of customer network deployments. 
 Gross margin decreased to 34 in 2022 from 35 in 2021. The year-over-year decrease in gross margin was primarily driven by higher costs related to component price increases, higher logistics and freight costs, and supply constrained manufacturing volumes, partially offset by quality initiatives and ongoing cost improvements. In this period, our margins benefited from improved product mix including increased revenue from vertically integrated products. In 2023, we intend to continue to expand our vertical integration capabilities across more of our product portfolio utilizing our ICE6 optical engine and expect to benefit from the partial relief of elevated supply chain costs, both of which should help drive continued gross margin improvement over time. 
 Operating expenses increased to 595.9 million in 2022 from 585.5 million in 2021, representing a 2 increase. This increase was primarily attributable to higher employee-related costs, costs related to bringing our new technologies to market and investments in future technologies. These increases were partially offset by lower restructuring costs and amortization of our acquired intangibles. In 2023, we intend to continue to balance prudent cost management with investments in technology innovation and our go-to-market efforts globally to expand our customer reach and drive additional market share gains in the long term. 
 One customer accounted for approximately 11 of our revenue in 2022. No customer accounted for over 10 of our revenue in 2021. 
 We primarily sell our products through our direct sales force, with the remainder sold indirectly through channel partners. We derived 76 and 77 of our revenue from direct sales to customers in 2022 and 2021, respectively. In the future, we expect to continue generating a majority of our revenue from direct sales. 
 We are headquartered in San Jose, California, with employees located throughout North America, LATAM, EMEA and APAC. 
 50 

Results of Operations 
 A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021 is presented below. A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for our fiscal year ended December 25, 2021 compared to our fiscal year ended December 26, 2020 can be found under Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 25, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 23, 2022. 
 The following tables set forth, for the periods presented, certain consolidated statements of operations information (in thousands, except percentages): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 of total revenue December 25, 2021 of total revenue Change Change Revenue: Product 1,268,624 81 1,099,376 77 169,248 15 Services 304,618 19 325,829 23 (21,211) (7) Total revenue 1,573,242 100 1,425,205 100 148,037 10 Cost of revenue: Product 852,476 54 732,071 51 120,405 16 Services 161,630 10 174,008 12 (12,378) (7) Amortization of intangible assets 23,138 1 19,621 1 3,517 18 Restructuring and other related costs 222 1,531 (1,309) (85) Total cost of revenue 1,037,466 66 927,231 65 110,235 12 Gross profit 535,776 34 497,974 35 37,802 8 
 Years Ended December 25, 2021 of total revenue December 26, 2020 of total revenue Change Change Revenue: Product 1,099,376 77 1,045,551 77 53,825 5 Services 325,829 23 310,045 23 15,784 5 Total revenue 1,425,205 100 1,355,596 100 69,609 5 Cost of revenue: Product 732,071 51 751,465 55 (19,394) (3) Services 174,008 12 160,118 12 13,890 9 Amortization of intangible assets 19,621 1 29,247 2 (9,626) (33) Acquisition and integration costs 1,828 (1,828) (100) Restructuring and other related costs 1,531 4,146 (2,615) (63) Total cost of revenue 927,231 65 946,804 69 (19,573) (2) Gross profit 497,974 35 408,792 31 89,182 22 
 Revenue 
 2022 Compared to 2021. Product revenue increased by 169.2 million, or 15 , in 2022 from 2021. This increase was driven by the ramp of new products, particularly ICE6, and growth in each of our ICP and other 
 51 

service provider verticals. This increase was partially offset by lower revenue from certain Tier 1 customers and continued supply constraints. 
 Services revenue decreased by 21.2 million, or 7 , in 2022 from 2021. This decrease was attributable to a decline in professional services revenue. This decline was primarily related to network installation delays, which were driven by customer readiness and supply constraints. 
 In line with typical seasonality in our industry, we expect our total revenue will be lower in the first quarter of 2023 as compared to the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 Revenue by geographic region is based on the shipping address of the customer. The following tables summarize our revenue by geography and sales channel for the periods presented (in thousands, except percentages): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 of total revenue December 25, 2021 of total revenue Change Change Total revenue by geography Domestic 870,282 55 663,808 47 206,474 31 International 702,960 45 761,397 53 (58,437) (8) 1,573,242 100 1,425,205 100 148,037 10 Total revenue by sales channel Direct 1,191,584 76 1,099,632 77 91,952 8 Indirect 381,658 24 325,573 23 56,085 17 1,573,242 100 1,425,205 100 148,037 10 
 
 Years Ended December 25, 2021 of total revenue December 26, 2020 of total revenue Change Change Total revenue by geography Domestic 663,808 47 630,422 47 33,386 5 International 761,397 53 725,174 53 36,223 5 1,425,205 100 1,355,596 100 69,609 5 Total revenue by sales channel Direct 1,099,632 77 1,039,976 77 59,656 6 Indirect 325,573 23 315,620 23 9,953 3 1,425,205 100 1,355,596 100 69,609 5 
 
 2022 Compared to 2021. Domestic revenue increased by 206.5 million, or 31 , in 2022 compared to 2021, driven primarily by increased revenue from each of our ICP and other service provider verticals, which was partially offset by decreased revenue from certain Tier 1 customers and our cable vertical. 
 International revenue decreased by 58.4 million, or 8 , in 2022 compared to 2021. In this period, EMEA revenue decreased in each of our other service provider and cable verticals and from certain Tier 1 customers, including from our suspension of operations in Russia. Our Other Americas revenue also decreased in our other service provider vertical during this period. This decline was partially offset by increased revenue in APAC in our other service provider vertical. 
 Direct revenue increased by 92.0 million, or 8 , in 2022 compared to 2021, driven primarily by increased revenue from each of our ICP and other service provider verticals which was partially offset by decreased revenue from certain Tier 1 customers. 
 52 

Indirect revenue increased 56.1 million, or 17 , driven primarily by increased revenue from customers in each of our ICP and other service provider verticals who purchased through our indirect sales channel. 
 Cost of Revenue and Gross Margin 
 2022 Compared to 2021 . Gross profit increased by 37.8 million, with gross margin decreasing to 34 in 2022 from 35 in 2021. The gross margin decrease was primarily driven by higher costs related to component price increases, higher logistics and freight costs, and supply constrained manufacturing volumes, partially offset by ongoing cost improvement and quality initiatives. In this period, our margins benefited from improved product mix including increased revenue from vertically integrated products as well as reductions in restructuring costs. In 2023, we intend to continue to expand our vertical integration capabilities across more of our product portfolio utilizing our ICE6 optical engine and expect to benefit from the partial relief of elevated supply chain costs, both of which should help drive continued gross margin improvement over time. 
 In any given quarter, gross margins can fluctuate based on a number of factors, including the mix of line system footprint versus capacity utilization, product mix, customer mix and overall volume. 
 Amortization of Intangible Assets 
 2022 Compared to 2021. Amortization of intangible assets increased by 3.5 million, or 18 , in 2022 from 2021. The increase was due to the shortened life of certain developed technologies resulting from us having exited certain product lines in the fourth quarter of 2021. 
 Restructuring and Other Related Costs 
 2022 Compared to 2021. Restructuring and other related costs decreased 1.3 million, or 85 , in 2022 from 2021 reflecting the substantial completion of our 2021 Restructuring Plan as well as the completion of our 2020 Restructuring Plan in 2022. See Note 9, Restructuring and Other Related Costs to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on our restructuring plans. 
 53 

Operating Expenses 
 The following tables summarize our operating expenses for the periods presented (in thousands, except percentages): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 of total revenue December 25, 2021 of total revenue Change Change Research and development 306,188 19 299,894 21 6,294 2 Sales and marketing 146,445 9 138,829 10 7,616 5 General and administrative 118,602 8 115,415 8 3,187 3 Amortization of intangible assets 14,576 1 17,455 1 (2,879) (16) Acquisition and integration costs 614 (614) (100) Restructuring and other related costs 10,122 1 13,246 1 (3,124) (24) Total operating expenses 595,933 38 585,453 41 10,480 2 
 Years Ended December 25, 2021 of total revenue December 26, 2020 of total revenue Change Change Research and development 299,894 21 265,634 20 34,260 13 Sales and marketing 138,829 10 129,604 10 9,225 7 General and administrative 115,415 8 112,240 8 3,175 3 Amortization of intangible assets 17,455 1 18,581 1 (1,126) (6) Acquisition and integration costs 614 13,346 1 (12,732) (95) Restructuring and other related costs 13,246 1 24,586 2 (11,340) (46) Total operating expenses 585,453 41 563,991 42 21,462 4 
 The following table summarizes the stock-based compensation expense included in our operating expenses for the periods presented (in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 December 25, 2021 December 26, 2020 Research and development 23,553 18,554 16,863 Sales and marketing 13,311 12,345 10,907 General and administration 14,666 12,985 13,906 Total 51,530 43,884 41,676 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 2022 Compared to 2021. Research and development expenses increased by 6.3 million, or 2 , in 2022 from 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to higher employee-related expenses, material costs, and equipment costs related to bringing our new technologies to market and investments in future technologies. These costs were offset by lower facility costs due to site optimization and lower depreciation related to legacy technologies. In 2023, we expect to make additional targeted innovation investments in research and 
 54 

development to support our strategy of expanding our vertically integrated product portfolio, including bringing new products to market quickly. 
 Sales and Marketing Expenses 
 2022 Compared to 2021. Sales and marketing expenses increased by 7.6 million, or 5 , in 2022 from 2021. This increase was driven by higher employee-related expenses including higher commissions and other costs, increased travel as COVID-related restrictions eased, and higher marketing costs related to the resumption of in-person trade shows partially offset by lower facility costs and spending on trial equipment. In 2023, we plan to increase investments in our go-to-market efforts globally to expand our customer reach and drive additional market share gains in the long term. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 2022 Compared to 2021. General and administrative expenses increased by 3.2 million, or 3 , in 2022 from 2021. The increase was attributable to higher employee-related expenses, outside professional fees, and indirect tax expenses partially offset by lower litigation settlement costs. 
 Amortization of Intangible Assets 
 2022 Compared to 2021. Amortization of intangible assets decreased by 2.9 million in 2022 from 2021. The decreases were largely due to lower amortization of the value of customer relationships and backlog intangibles. Customer relationships and backlog intangibles are amortized over the expected customer lives. 
 Acquisition and Integration Costs 
 2022 Compared to 2021. Acquisition and integration costs decreased by 0.6 million in 2022 from 2021 primarily due to the completion of our integration efforts related to the Acquisition in the first quarter of 2021. 
 Restructuring and Other Related Costs 
 2022 Compared to 2021. Restructuring and other related costs decreased by 3.1 million in 2022 compared to 2021. The decrease was primarily due to lower severance and other related expenses and asset impairment charges, partially offset by lease-related impairment charges incurred for various sites. See Note 9, Restructuring and Other Related Costs to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on our restructuring plans. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 December 25, 2021 December 26, 2020 (In thousands) Interest income 893 455 118 Interest expense (26,015) (49,099) (46,728) Gain on extinguishment of debt 15,521 Other gain (loss), net 14,247 (22,667) 1,121 Total other income (expense), net 4,646 (71,311) (45,489) 
 
 2022 Compared to 2021. Interest income was immaterial. 
 Interest expense decreased by 23.1 million in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to the adoption of ASU 2020-06, which resulted in the elimination of the debt discounts for our convertible senior notes that were amortized to interest expense over their contractual terms prior to its adoption, offset by the write off of unamortized deferred debt issuance costs related to the asset-based revolving credit facility under the Prior Credit Agreement. See Note 12, Debt to the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
 55 

Gain on extinguishment of debt was 15.5 million in 2022 due to the partial repurchase of our 2024 Notes at a price that was below their par value. The gain includes and was reduced by the write-off of related deferred issuance costs of 3.5 million. 
 The change in other gain (loss), net, 2022 compared to 2021, was 36.9 million primarily due to an increase in unrealized foreign exchange gains driven by foreign currency exchange rate changes. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 We recognized an income tax expense of 20.5 million on a loss before income taxes of 55.5 million, 12.0 million on a loss before income taxes of 158.8 million, and 6.0 million on a loss before income taxes of 200.7 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The resulting effective tax rates were (37.1) , (7.5) and (3.0) for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The 2022 and 2021 effective tax rates differ from the expected statutory rate of 21 based on our ability to benefit from our U.S. loss carryforwards, offset by state income taxes, non-deductible stock-based compensation expenses and foreign taxes provided on foreign subsidiary earnings. The increase in 2022 income tax provision compared to 2021 is mainly driven by an increase in income taxes and withholding taxes in certain non-U.S. jurisdictions where our local subsidiaries do not have carryforward losses to offset income. 
 During 2022, we implemented a realignment of our internal supply chain and customer facing entities. The new structure aligned and consolidated our intellectual property and the associated commercial risk and reward among the customer-facing entities in their internal supply chain and improved operational efficiency. The impact of this internal realignment is reflected in our tax provision for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Because of our U.S. operating loss in 2022, significant loss carryforward position, and corresponding valuation allowance in all years, other than separate filing state taxes, a few combined states and minimum taxes, we have not been subject to federal or state tax on our U.S. income because of the availability of loss carryforwards. If these losses and other tax attributes become fully utilized, our taxes will increase significantly to a more normalized, expected rate on U.S. earnings. The release of transfer pricing reserves in the future may have a beneficial impact to tax expense, but the timing of the impact depends on factors such as expiration of the statute of limitations or settlements with tax authorities. No significant releases are expected in the near future based on information available at this time. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 December 25, 2021 December 26, 2020 (In thousands) Net cash flow provided by (used in): Operating activities (37,560) 28,128 (112,300) Investing activities (46,053) (41,379) (39,009) Financing activities 82,346 (101,544) 334,162 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 December 25, 2021 (In thousands) Cash and cash equivalents 178,657 190,611 Restricted cash 10,546 11,910 189,203 202,521 
 Our restricted cash balance amounts are primarily pledged as collateral for certain standby letters of credit related to customer performance guarantees, value added tax licenses and property leases. 
 56 

Operating Activities 
 Net cash used by operating activities was 37.6 million for 2022, as compared to net cash provided by operating activities of 28.1 million for 2021 and net cash used by operating activities of 112.3 million for 2020. 
 Net loss for 2022 was 76.0 million, which included non-cash charges of 152.1 million such as depreciation, stock-based compensation, amortization of intangibles assets, operating lease expense, restructuring charges and related costs, and amortization of debt issuance costs, compared to a net loss of 170.8 million in 2021, which included non-cash charges of 193.8 million. Net cash used in working capital was 113.7 million in 2022. Accounts receivable increased by 69.0 million due to higher billings to customers and timing of collections. Inventory levels increased by 89.5 million due to our efforts to purchase more inventory to manage lead time challenges resulting from the industry-wide supply chain environment. Prepaid and other assets increased by 34.0 million primarily due to increase in contract manufacturer deposits and increase in customer contract assets. Accounts payable increased by 88.3 million primarily due timing of payments to suppliers. Accrued liabilities and other expenses decreased by 24.4 million primarily due to timing of payments of other compensation related expenses and decreased restructuring and tax liabilities. Deferred revenue increased by 15.1 million due to higher maintenance renewals during the period attributable to expanding our installed base. Maintenance contracts are typically contracted on an annual or multi-year basis. 
 Net loss for 2021 was 170.8 million, which included non-cash charges of 193.8 million such as depreciation, stock-based compensation, amortization of intangibles assets, operating lease expense, restructuring charges and related costs, and amortization of debt discount and debt issuance costs, compared to a net loss of 206.7 million in 2020, which included non-cash charges of 206.2 million. Net cash provided by working capital was 5.1 million in 2021. Accounts receivable increased by 45.8 million due to higher billings to customers and timing of collections. Inventory levels increased by 28.0 million due to longer lead time on supply which required more inventory on hand and higher service inventory to meet customer service level agreements. Prepaid and other assets decreased by 0.4 million primarily due to timing of value-added tax and income tax payments and increase in customer contract assets. Accounts payable increased by 32.3 million primarily due timing of payments to suppliers. Accrued liabilities and other expenses increased by 39.3 million primarily due to accrual of 2021 corporate bonus, restructuring liabilities, tax liabilities, purchases of shares of our common stock under our 2007 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP in 2021 and no accrual for 2020 corporate bonus. Deferred revenue increased by 7.8 million due to higher maintenance renewals during the period attributable to expanding our installed base. Maintenance contracts are typically contracted on an annual or multi-year basis. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities was for the purchase of property and equipment and amounted to 46.1 million and 41.4 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 82.3 million for 2022. Financing activities in 2022 primarily included net proceeds of 92.9 million from issuance of the 2028 Notes and partial repurchase of the 2024 Notes, and 15.2 million from the issuance of shares of our common stock under the ESPP. These proceeds were offset by 7.7 million term license purchases, 12.5 million payment of debt issuance costs incurred in connection with the issuance of the 2028 Notes and entering into the asset-based revolving credit facility under the Loan Agreement, 1.3 million payments on finance lease obligations, and tax withholdings in the amount of 3.7 million paid on behalf of certain employees for net share settlements of restricted stock units RSUs ). 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 101.5 million for 2021. Financing activities in 2021 included repayments of 77.0 million under the Credit Facility and 24.6 million under the financing assistance arrangement, and payments of 1.6 million for finance lease obligations and 7.3 million for term license purchases. The period also included net proceeds of 16.5 million from the issuance of shares under our ESPP and the exercise of stock options. These proceeds were offset by tax withholdings of 7.2 million paid on behalf of certain employees for net share settlements of RSUs. 
 Liquidity 
 We believe that our current cash, along with the Credit Facility (as defined below) will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for working capital and capital expenditures, and the interest payments on the convertible senior notes and the Credit Facility for at least 12 months. If the impact to our business and financial position of the supply chain challenges and disruptions in the global economy and financial markets is more 
 57 

extensive or prolonged than expected and our existing sources of cash are insufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements, we may require additional capital from equity or debt financings to fund our operations, to respond to competitive pressures or strategic opportunities, or otherwise. In addition, we are continuously evaluating alternatives for efficiently funding our capital expenditures and ongoing operations. We may, from time to time engage in a variety of financing transactions for such purposes. We may not be able to secure timely additional financing, or restructure existing debt, on favorable terms or at all. The terms of any additional financings or restructurings may place limits on our financial and operating flexibility. If we raise additional funds through further issuances of equity or equity-linked securities, our existing stockholders could suffer dilution in their percentage ownership of us, and any new securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of holders of our common stock. 
 On August 8, 2022, we issued the 2028 Notes, which will mature on August 1, 2028, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on February 1 and August 1 of each year, which commenced on February 1, 2023. In the event that all of the 2028 Notes are converted, we would be required to repay the principal amount in cash and the conversion premium in any combination of cash and shares of its common stock at our election. 
 On March 9, 2020, we issued the 2027 Notes, which will mature on March 1, 2027, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on March 1 and September 1 of each year, which commenced on September 1, 2020. For the conversion obligation, we intend to pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of our common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, at our election. 
 On September 11, 2018, we issued the 2024 Notes, which will mature on September 1, 2024, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on March 1 and September 1 of each year, which commenced on March 1, 2019. For the conversion obligation, we intend to pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of our common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, at our election. 
 For more information regarding the convertible senior notes, see Note 12, Debt to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Refer to the contractual obligations section below for future payment obligations. 
 On June 24, 2022, we entered into a Loan, Guaranty and Security Agreement (the "Loan Agreement") with the lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as agent. The Loan Agreement provides for a senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility of up to 200 million (the "Credit Facility"), which we may draw upon from time to time. We may increase the total commitments under the revolving credit facility by up to an additional 100 million, subject to certain conditions. In addition, the Loan Agreement provides for a 50 million letter of credit subfacility and a 20 million swingline loan facility. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had no drawings on the Credit Facility and we had availability of 161.6 million under the Credit Facility. For more information regarding the Credit Facility, see Note 12, Debt to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 189.2 million of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash including 65.9 million of cash held by our foreign subsidiaries. Our policy with respect to undistributed foreign subsidiaries' earnings is to consider those earnings to be indefinitely reinvested. As a result of the enactment in the United States of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, if and when funds are actually distributed in the form of dividends or otherwise, we expect minimal tax consequences, including foreign withholding taxes, which would be applicable in some jurisdictions. 
 We had standby letters of credit and bank guarantees as of the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021. See Note 14, Guarantees to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 The following is a summary of our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021 (in thousands): 
 58 

December 31, 2022 December 25, 2021 Change Change Operating leases (1) 
 71,903 90,887 (18,984) (21) Finance lease obligations 966 2,337 (1,371) (59) Purchase obligations (2) 
 744,777 591,540 153,237 26 2028 Notes, including interest (3) 
 457,572 457,572 100 2027 Notes, including interest (3) 
 222,500 227,500 (5,000) (2) 2024 Notes, including interest (3) 
 107,015 428,159 (321,144) (75) Mortgage payable, including interest 7,611 8,392 (781) (9) Total contractual obligations (4) 
 1,612,344 1,348,815 263,529 20 
 (1) We lease facilities under non-cancelable operating lease agreements. These leases have varying terms that range from one to 11 years, and contain leasehold improvement incentives, rent holidays and escalation clauses. In addition, some of these leases have renewal options for up to six years. We also have contractual commitments to remove leasehold improvements and return certain properties to a specified condition when the leases terminate. See Note 13, "Commitments and Contingencies" to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
 (2) We have service agreements with certain production suppliers under which we are committed to purchase certain parts. The increase in purchase obligations compared with the end of fiscal 2021 was primarily due to increased lead-time commitments required to secure supply and pricing for certain product components as well as investments to support the release of new products. 
 (3) For additional information regarding our asset-based revolving credit facility and 2028, 2027 and 2024 Notes, see Note 12, Debt to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 (4) Certain commitments and contingencies are not included in the table because we cannot reliably estimate the timing and amount of future payments, if any. For example, tax liabilities of 9.6 million related to uncertain tax positions and expected future payments to our pension and post-employment plans are excluded from the contractual obligation table because they do not represent contractual cash outflows as they are dependent on various factors. See Note 18, "Employee Benefit and Pension Plans" to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information relating to our pension and post-retirement benefit plans. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. These accounting principles require us to make certain estimates, assumptions and judgments that can affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the periods presented. See Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, which is included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, which describes our significant accounting policies and methods used in preparation of our consolidated financial statements. Management believes that the estimates, assumptions and judgments upon which they rely are reasonable based upon information available to them at the time that these estimates and judgments are made. To the extent there are material differences between these estimates and actual results, our consolidated financial statements will be affected. 
 We believe our critical accounting policies and estimates are those related to revenue recognition, accounting for income taxes, and inventory valuation. Management considers these policies critical because they are both important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations, and they require management to make judgments and estimates about inherently uncertain matters. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We recognize revenue when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to our customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. 
 We determine revenue recognition by applying the following five-step approach: 
 identification of the contract, or contracts, with a customer; 
 identification of the performance obligations in the contract; 
 59 

determination of the transaction price; 
 allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and 
 recognition of revenue when, or as, we satisfy a performance obligation. 
 Many of our product sales are sold in combination with installation and deployment services along with initial hardware and software support. Our product sales are also sold at times with spares management, on-site hardware replacement services, network operations management, software subscription services, extended hardware warranty and training. Initial software and hardware support services are generally delivered over a one-year period in connection with the initial purchase. Software warranty provides customers with maintenance releases during the warranty support period and hardware warranty provides replacement or repair of equipment that fails to perform in line with specifications. Software subscription services include software warranty and additionally provides customers with rights to receive unspecified software product upgrades released during the support period. 
 Spares management and on-site hardware replacement services include the replacement of defective units at customer sites in accordance with specified service level agreements. Network operations management includes the day-to-day operation of a customer's network. These services are generally delivered on an annual basis. We evaluate each promised good and service in a contract to determine whether it represents a distinct performance obligation or should be accounted for as a combined performance obligation. 
 Services revenue includes software subscription services, installation and deployment services, spares management, on-site hardware replacement services, network operations management, extended hardware warranty and training. Revenue from software subscription services, spares management, on-site hardware replacement services, network operations management and extended hardware warranty contracts is deferred and is recognized ratably over the contractual support period, which is generally one year, as services are provided over the course of the entire period. Revenue related to training and installation and deployment services is recognized upon completion of the services. 
 Contracts and customer purchase orders are generally used to determine the existence of an arrangement. In addition, shipping documents and customer acceptances, when applicable, are used to verify delivery and transfer of title. We typically satisfy our performance obligations upon shipment or delivery of product depending on the contractual terms. Payment terms to customers generally range from net 30 to 120 days from invoice, which are considered to be standard payment terms. We assess our ability to collect from our customers based primarily on the creditworthiness and past payment history of the customer. 
 Customer product returns are generally approved on a case by case basis. Specific reserve provisions are made based upon a specific review of all the approved product returns where the customer has yet to return the products to generate the related sales return credit at the end of a period. Estimated sales returns are recorded as a reduction to revenue. 
 For sales to resellers, the same revenue recognition criteria apply. It is our practice to identify an end-user prior to shipment to a reseller. We do not offer rights of return or price protection to our resellers. 
 We report revenue net of any required taxes collected from customers and remitted to government authorities, with the collected taxes recorded as current liabilities until remitted to the relevant government authority. 
 Customer Purchase Commitments 
 We sell software licenses that provide customers the ability to purchase incremental bandwidth capacity on an already-deployed piece of hardware. Instant Bandwidth-enabled systems generally include a specific initial capacity and incremental capacity can be added by the purchase of Instant Bandwidth licenses. Instant Bandwidth licenses are considered distinct performance obligations because customers can provision additional transmission capacity on demand without the deployment of any incremental equipment. 
 60 

Some contracts commit the customer to purchase incremental Instant Bandwidth licenses within a specified time frame from the initial shipment of the Instant Bandwidth-enabled hardware. The time frame varies by customer and generally ranges between 12 to 24 months. If the customer does not purchase the additional capacity within the time frame as stated in the contract, we have the right to deliver and invoice such Instant Bandwidth licenses to the customer. Future committed licenses are considered to be additional performance obligations when a minimum purchase obligation is present, as evidenced by enforceable rights and obligations. As such, we are required to estimate the variable consideration for future Instant Bandwidth licenses as part of determining the contract transaction price. 
 Contract Termination Rights 
 The contract term is determined on the basis of the period over which the parties to the contract have present enforceable rights and obligations. Certain customer contracts include a termination for convenience clause that allows the customer to terminate services without penalty, upon advance notification. For such contracts, the service duration is limited to the non-cancelable portion of the contract. 
 Variable Consideration 
 The consideration associated with customer contracts is generally fixed. Variable consideration includes discounts, rebates, refunds, credits, incentives, penalties, or other similar items. The amount of consideration that can vary is not a substantial portion of total consideration. 
 Variable consideration estimates are re-assessed at each reporting period until a final outcome is determined. The changes to the original transaction price due to a change in estimated variable consideration will be applied on a retrospective basis, with the adjustment recorded in the period in which the change occurs. 
 Stand-alone Selling Price 
 Stand-alone selling price is the price at which an entity would sell a good or service on a stand-alone (or separate) basis at contract inception. Under this model, the observable price of a good or service sold separately provides the best evidence of stand-alone selling price. However, in certain situations, stand-alone selling prices will not be readily observable and the entity must estimate the stand-alone selling price. 
 When allocating on a relative stand-alone selling price basis, any discount provided in the contract is generally allocated proportionately to all of the performance obligations in the contract. 
 The majority of products and services offered by us have readily observable selling prices. For products and services that do not, we generally estimate stand-alone selling price using the market assessment approach based on expected selling price and adjust those prices as necessary to reflect our costs and margins. As part of our stand-alone selling price policy, we review product pricing on a periodic basis to identify any significant changes and revise our expected stand-alone selling price assumptions as appropriate. 
 Transaction Price Allocated to the Remaining Performance Obligation 
 Our remaining performance obligations represent the transaction price allocated to performance obligations that are unsatisfied or partially satisfied, as of period end, consisting of deferred revenue and backlog. Our backlog represents purchase orders received from customers for future product shipments and services that are unsatisfied or partially satisfied as of period end. Our backlog is subject to future events that could cause the amount or timing of the related revenue to change, and, in certain cases, may be canceled without penalty. Orders in backlog may be fulfilled several quarters following receipt or may relate to multi-year support service obligations. 
 Accounting for Income Taxes 
 As part of the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements, we are required to estimate our taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. We estimate actual current tax expense together with assessing temporary differences resulting from different treatment of items, such as accruals and allowances not currently deductible for tax purposes. These differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are included in our consolidated balance sheets. In general, deferred tax assets represent future tax benefits to be received when certain expenses previously recognized in our consolidated statements of operations become deductible expenses under applicable income tax laws or loss, or credit carryforwards are utilized. Accordingly, realization of our deferred tax assets is dependent on future taxable income within the respective jurisdictions against which these deductions, losses and credits can be utilized within the applicable future periods. 
 61 

We must assess the likelihood that some portion or all of our deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income within the respective jurisdictions. To the extent the Company believes that recovery does not meet the more-likely-than-not standard, it must establish a valuation allowance. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management judgment is required in determining its provision for income taxes, its deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against our net deferred tax assets. In evaluating the need for a full or partial valuation allowance, all positive and negative evidence must be considered, including the Company's forecast of taxable income over the applicable carryforward periods, its current financial performance, its market environment, and other factors. Based on the available objective evidence, at December 31, 2022, management believes it is not more likely than not that the domestic net deferred tax assets will be realizable in the foreseeable future. Accordingly, the domestic net deferred tax assets are subject to a full valuation allowance. To the extent that the Company determines that deferred tax assets are realizable on a more likely than not basis, and an adjustment is needed, that adjustment will be recorded in the period that the determination is made. 
 Inventory Valuation 
 Inventories consist of raw materials, work-in-process and finished goods and are stated at standard cost adjusted to approximate the lower of actual cost or net realizable value. Costs are recognized utilizing the first-in, first-out method. Net realizable value is based upon an estimated selling price reduced by the estimated cost of disposal. The determination of market value involves numerous judgments including estimated average selling prices based upon recent sales volumes, industry trends, existing customer orders, current contract price, future demand and pricing and technological obsolescence of our products. 
 Inventory that is obsolete or in excess of our forecasted demand or is anticipated to be sold at a loss is written down to its estimated net realizable value based on historical usage and expected demand. In valuing our inventory costs and deferred inventory costs, we considered whether the net realizable value of inventory delivered or expected to be delivered at less than cost, primarily comprised of common equipment, had declined. We concluded that, in the instances where the net realizable value of inventory delivered or expected to be delivered was less than cost, it was appropriate to value the inventory costs and deferred inventory costs at cost or net realizable value, whichever is lower, thereby recognizing the cost of the reduction in net realizable value of inventory in the period in which the reduction occurred or can be reasonably estimated. We have, therefore, recognized inventory write-downs as necessary in each period in order to reflect inventory at the lower of actual cost or net realizable value. 
 We consider whether we should accrue losses on firm purchase commitments related to inventory items. Given that the net realizable value of common equipment is below contractual purchase price, we have also recorded losses on these firm purchase commitments in the period in which the commitment is made. When the inventory parts related to these firm purchase commitments are received, that inventory is recorded at the purchase price less the accrual for the loss on the purchase commitment. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a full description of recent accounting pronouncements including the respective expected dates of adoptions and effects on us. 
 
 62 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 We operate in international markets, which expose us to market risk associated with foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and various foreign currencies, the most significant of which is the euro. The majority of our revenue contracts are denominated in U.S. dollars, with the most significant exception being in Europe, where we invoice primarily in euros and SEK. Additionally, a portion of our expenses, primarily the cost of personnel for research and development and sales and sales support to deliver technical support on our products and professional services and the cost to manufacture, are denominated in foreign currencies, primarily the Indian rupee, the euro, the SEK and the British pound. Revenue resulting from selling in local currencies and costs incurred in local currencies are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations that can affect our operating income. As exchange rates vary, operating income may differ from expectations. 
 We may enter into foreign currency exchange forward contracts to reduce the impact of currency exchange rate movements on certain transactions from time to time, but do not cover all foreign-denominated transactions and therefore do not entirely eliminate the impact of fluctuations in exchange rates that could negatively affect our results of operations and financial condition. We also may enter into foreign currency exchange forward contracts to reduce the impact of foreign currency fluctuations on certain non-functional currency denominated account balances primarily in euros and British pounds from time to time. As a result, we do not expect a significant impact to our results from a change in exchange rates on foreign denominated non-functional account balances in the near-term. Gains and losses on these contracts are intended to offset the impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations on the underlying foreign currency denominated non-functional currency account balances. Accordingly, the effect of an immediate 10 adverse change in foreign exchange rates on these transactions during 2022 would not be material to our results of operations. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We had cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash totaling 189.2 million and 202.5 million as of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, respectively. The unrestricted cash is held for working capital purposes. We do not enter into investments for speculative purposes. The effect of an immediate 10 adverse change in interest rates would not be material to our results of operations. 
 In September 2018, March 2020 and August 2022 we issued the 2024 Notes, 2027 Notes and the 2028 Notes, respectively. The 2024, 2027 and 2028 Notes have a fixed annual interest rate of 2.125 , 2.50 and 3.75 , respectively, and, therefore, we do not have economic interest rate exposure on the convertible senior notes. However, the fair values of the convertible senior notes are subject to interest rate risk, credit risk and other factors due to the convertible feature. The fair value of the convertible senior notes will generally increase as interest rates fall and decrease as interest rates rise. In addition, the fair value of the convertible senior notes will generally increase as our common stock price increases and will generally decrease as our common stock price declines in value. The fair value of the convertible senior notes will generally increase as our credit worthiness improves and decrease when our creditworthiness weakens. The interest and market value changes affect the fair value of the convertible senior notes but do not impact our financial position, cash flows or results of operations due to the fixed nature of the debt obligation. Additionally, we do not carry the convertible senior notes at fair value. We present the fair value for required disclosure purposes only. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the 2024, 2027 and 2028 Notes was 101.0 million, 221.4 million and 462.9 million, respectively. The fair value was determined based on the estimated fair value or quoted bid price as applicable of the 2024, 2027 and 2028 Notes in an over-the-counter market on December 30, 2022. The convertible senior notes are classified as Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 Holders may convert the convertible senior notes prior to maturity upon the occurrence of certain circumstances. Upon conversion, we will pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, at our election (provided, however, that with respect to the 2028 Notes, we would be required to repay the principal amount in cash and the conversion premium in any combination of cash and shares of our common stock at our election). If our common stock price is above the initial conversion price of 9.87, 7.66 and 6.80 for the 2024, 2027 and 2028 Notes, respectively, upon conversion or at maturity, the amount of cash or shares of common stock required to pay the conversion premium is not fixed and would increase if our common stock price increases. 
 See Note 12, Debt to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. 
 63 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Page Reports of Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 65 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 68 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 69 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 70 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 71 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 72 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 74 
 Note 1: Organization and Basis of Presentation 
 74 
 Note 2: Significant Accounting Policies 
 74 
 Note 3: Leases 
 83 
 Note 4: Revenue Recognition 
 85 
 Note 5: Fair Value Measurements 
 87 
 Note 6: Derivative Instruments 
 88 
 Note 7: Goodwill and Intangibles 
 89 
 Note 8: Balance Sheet Details 
 91 
 Note 9: Restructuring and Other Related Costs 
 92 
 Note 10: Accumulated Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 94 
 Note 11: Basic and Diluted Net Loss Per Common Share 
 94 
 Note 12: Debt 
 96 
 Note 13: Commitments and Contingencies 
 102 
 Note 14: Guarantees 
 104 
 Note 15: Stockholders' Equity 
 105 
 Note 16: Income Taxes 
 109 
 Note 17: Segment Information 
 112 
 Note 18: Employee Benefit and Pension Plans 
 113 

64 

Report of Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Infinera Corporation 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Infinera Corporation (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 27, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Adoption of ASU No. 2020-06 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed its method for accounting for convertible debt in the year ended December 31, 2022 due to the adoption of Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity s Own Equity. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Inventory Valuation 
 Description of the Matter 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company s inventory balance was 374.9 million and represented 22.5 of total assets. As discussed in Note 2 of the consolidated financial statements, the Company assesses the valuation of inventories, including raw materials, work-in-process, and finished goods, in each reporting period. 
 65 

Obsolete inventory or inventory in excess of management s forecasted demand is written down to its estimated net realizable value if less than cost. 
 Auditing management s estimates for excess and obsolete inventory involved subjective auditor judgement because the estimates rely on a number of factors that are affected by market and economic conditions outside the Company s control. In particular, the excess and obsolete inventory calculations are sensitive to significant assumptions, including forecasted demand for the Company s products. 
 
 How We Addressed the 
 Matter in Our Audit 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of internal controls over the Company's excess and obsolete inventory reserve process. This included controls over management's assessment of the forecasted demand for their products and the completeness and accuracy of the data underlying the excess and obsolete inventory valuation. 
 Our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the significant assumptions including forecasted demand and the accuracy and completeness of the underlying data management used to value excess and obsolete inventory. We compared the cost of on-hand inventories to customer demand forecasts and historical sales and evaluated adjustments to sales forecasts for specific product considerations, such as technological changes or alternative uses. We also assessed the historical accuracy of management's estimates and performed sensitivity analyses over the significant assumptions to evaluate the changes in the excess and obsolete inventory estimates that would result from changes in the underlying assumptions. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2001. 
 San Jose, California 
 February 27, 2023 
 66 

Report of Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Infinera Corporation 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Infinera Corporation s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Infinera Corporation (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements and our report dated February 27, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ 

February 27, 2023 
 67 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except par values) 
 December 31, 2022 December 25, 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term restricted cash Accounts receivable, net Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Intangible assets, net Goodwill Long-term restricted cash Other long-term assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Accrued compensation and related benefits Short-term debt, net Accrued warranty Deferred revenue Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net Long-term accrued warranty Long-term deferred revenue Long-term deferred tax liability Long-term operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value 
 Authorized shares and shares issued and outstanding 
 Common stock, par value 
 Authorized shares in 2022 and in 2021 
 Issued and outstanding shares in 2022 and in 2021 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 68 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 December 25, 2021 December 26, 2020 Revenue: Product Services Total revenue Cost of revenue: Cost of product Cost of services Amortization of intangible assets Acquisition and integration costs Restructuring and other related costs Total cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses: Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Amortization of intangible assets Acquisition and integration costs Restructuring and other related costs Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) Other income (expense), net: Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) Gain on extinguishment of debt Other income (expense), net ) Total other income (expense), net ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) ) Provision for income taxes Net loss ) ) ) Net loss per common share: Basic ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) Weighted average shares used in computing net loss per common share: Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 69 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (In thousands) 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 December 25, 2021 December 26, 2020 Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustment and other ) ) Actuarial gain (loss) on pension liabilities ) Amortization of net actuarial loss Net change in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 70 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021 and December 26, 2020 
 (In thousands) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Balance at December 28, 2019 ) ) Shares of common stock sold in at-the market equity offering, net of issuance costs Stock options exercised Retirement of common shares purchased upon exercise of options ) ) ) ESPP shares issued Shares withheld for tax obligations ) ) ) Restricted stock units released Stock-based compensation Conversion option related to convertible senior notes, net of allocated costs Cumulative-effect adjustment from adoption of Topic 326 ) ) Other comprehensive income Net loss ) ) Balance at December 26, 2020 
 ) ) Stock options exercised ESPP shares issued Shares withheld for tax obligations ) ) ) Restricted stock units released Stock-based compensation Other comprehensive income Net loss ) ) Balance at December 25, 2021 
 ) ) Cumulative-effect adjustment from adoption of ASU 2020-06 ) ) ESPP shares issued Restricted stock units released Shares withheld for tax obligations ) ) ) Stock-based compensation and other Other comprehensive loss ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 71 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 December 25, 2021 December 26, 2020 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Non-cash restructuring charges and other related costs Amortization of debt discount and issuance costs Operating lease expense Stock-based compensation expense Gain on extinguishment of debt ) Other, net Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventory ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) ) Deferred revenue Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities ) ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Purchase of property and equipment ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Proceeds from issuance of 2028 Notes Proceeds from issuance of common stock from at-the-market equity offering, net of issuance costs of 
 Proceeds from issuance of 2027 Notes Proceeds from asset-based revolving credit facility Repayment of 2024 Notes ) Repayment of third-party manufacturing funding ) ) Repayment of asset-based revolving credit facility ) ) ) Repayment of mortgage payable ) ) ) Payment of debt issuance cost ) ) Principal payments on financing lease obligations ) ) ) Payment of term license obligation ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock Tax withholding paid on behalf of employees for net share settlement ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period (1) 
 Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash paid for income taxes, net Cash paid for interest 
 72 

Supplemental schedule of non-cash investing and financing activities: Transfer of inventory to fixed assets Property and equipment included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities Unpaid term licenses (included in accounts payable, accrued liabilities and other long term liabilities) 
 (1) 
 Short-term restricted cash Long-term restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 73 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1. 
 
 2. 
 74 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 , as services are provided over the course of the entire period. Revenue related to training and installation and deployment services is recognized upon completion of the services. 
 Contracts and customer purchase orders are generally used to determine the existence of an arrangement. In addition, shipping documents and customer acceptances, when applicable, are used to verify delivery and transfer of title. The Company typically satisfies its performance obligations upon shipment or delivery of product depending on the contractual terms. Payment terms to customers generally range from net to days from invoice, which are considered to be standard payment terms. The Company assesses its ability to collect from its customers based primarily on the creditworthiness and past payment history of the customer. 
 For sales to resellers, the same revenue recognition criteria apply. It is the Company s practice to identify an end-user prior to shipment to a reseller. The Company does not offer rights of return or price protection to its resellers. 
 The Company reports revenue net of any required taxes collected from customers and remitted to government authorities, with the collected taxes recorded as current liabilities until remitted to the relevant government authority. 
 Customer Purchase Commitments 
 The Company sells software licenses that provide customers the ability to purchase incremental bandwidth capacity on an already-deployed piece of hardware. Infinera Instant Bandwidth-enabled systems generally include a specific initial capacity and incremental capacity can be added by the purchase of Instant Bandwidth licenses. Instant Bandwidth licenses are considered distinct performance obligations because customers can provision additional transmission capacity on demand without the deployment of any incremental equipment. 
 Some contracts commit the customer to purchase incremental Instant Bandwidth licenses within a specified time frame from the initial shipment of the Instant Bandwidth-enabled hardware. The time frame varies by customer and generally ranges between to months. If the customer does not purchase the additional capacity within the time frame as stated in the contract, the Company has the right to deliver and invoice such Instant Bandwidth licenses to the customer. Future committed licenses are considered to be additional performance obligations when a minimum purchase obligation is present, as evidenced by enforceable rights and obligations. As such, the Company is required to estimate the variable consideration for future Instant Bandwidth licenses as part of determining the contract transaction price. 
 Contract Termination Rights 
 The contract term is determined on the basis of the period over which the parties to the contract have present enforceable rights and obligations. Certain customer contracts include a termination for convenience clause that allows the customer to terminate services without penalty, upon advance notification. For such contracts, the service duration is limited to the non-cancelable portion of the contract. 
 75 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 offering periods and the Company's historical volatility data in the valuation of shares that are purchased under the ESPP. 
 The Company accounts for the fair value of restricted stock units RSUs using the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. For new-hire grants, RSUs typically vest ratably on an annual basis over . For annual refresh grants, RSUs typically vest ratably over months to . 
 76 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 performance period. These PSUs may become eligible for vesting to begin before the end of the applicable performance period, if the applicable financial target is met. The number of shares to be issued upon vesting of these PSUs is capped at the target number of PSUs granted. The Company assesses the achievement status of these PSUs on a quarterly basis and records the related stock-based compensation expenses based on the estimated achievement payout. 
 In addition, the Company granted other PSUs to certain employees that only vest upon the achievement of specific operational performance criteria. The Company assesses the achievement status of these PSUs on a quarterly basis and records the related stock-based compensation expenses based on the estimated achievement payout. 
 
 Advertising expenses in 2022, 2021 and 2020 were million, million, and million, respectively. 
 77 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million in 2022 and losses of million and million, in 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 78 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

At December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021 and December 26, 2020, revenue was reduced for estimated sales returns by million, million, and million, respectively. 
 79 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 of the Company's accounts receivable balance, net on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022. No customer accounted for over 10 of the Company's accounts receivable balance, net on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 25, 2021. 
 One customer accounted for approximately of the Company's revenue in 2022 and 2020. No customer accounted for 10 or more of the Company's revenue in 2021. 
 The Company depends on sole source or limited source suppliers for several key components and raw materials. The Company generally purchases these sole source or limited source components and raw materials through standard purchase orders and does not have long-term contracts with many of these limited-source suppliers. While the Company seeks to maintain sufficient reserve stock of such components and raw materials, the Company s business and results of operations could be adversely affected if any of its sole source or limited source suppliers suffer from capacity constraints, lower than expected yields, deployment delays, work stoppages or any other reduction or disruption in output. 

80 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

years 
 Laboratory and manufacturing equipment to years 
 Furniture and fixtures to years 
 Computer hardware to years 
 Computer software years 
 Leasehold and building improvements to years 
 
 The Company reviews long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of these assets may not be recoverable or that the useful life is shorter than originally estimated. If impairment indicators are present and the projected future undiscounted cash flows are less than the carrying value of the assets, the carrying values are reduced to the estimated fair value. If assets are determined to be recoverable, but the useful lives are shorter than originally estimated, the carrying value of the assets is depreciated over the newly determined remaining useful lives. 
 from date of acceptance for hardware and the Company's software warranty is days. Upon delivery of the Company's products, the Company provides for the estimated cost to repair or replace products that may be returned under warranty. The hardware warranty accrual is based on actual historical returns and cost of repair experience and the application of those historical rates to the Company's in-warranty installed base. The provision for warranty claims fluctuates depending upon the installed base of products and the failure rates and costs of repair associated with these products under warranty. Furthermore, the Company's costs of repair vary based on repair volume and its ability to repair, rather than replace, defective units. In the event that actual product failure rates and costs to repair differ from the Company's estimates, revisions to the warranty provision are required. In addition, from time to time, specific hardware warranty accruals may be made if unforeseen technical problems arise with specific products. The Company regularly assesses the adequacy of its recorded warranty liabilities and adjusts the amounts as necessary. 

81 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

years and contain leasehold improvement incentives, rent holidays and escalation clauses. In addition, some of these leases have renewal options for up to . 
 The Company determines if an arrangement contains a lease at inception. Operating leases are included in operating lease right of use ("ROU") assets, accrued expenses and other current liabilities and operating lease liabilities on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. Finance leases are included in property, plant and equipment, net, accrued expenses and other current liabilities and other long-term liabilities on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 
 Operating lease ROU assets and operating lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term at commencement date. As most of the Company's leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value of future payments. Operating lease ROU assets also include any lease payments made and exclude lease incentives and initial direct costs incurred. Variable lease payments are expensed as incurred and are not included within the ROU asset and lease liability calculation. Variable lease payments primarily include reimbursements of costs incurred by lessors for common area maintenance and utilities. The Company's lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise that option. Lease expense for minimum lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Company rents or subleases certain real estate under agreements that are classified as operating leases. 
 Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet. The Company recognizes lease expense for these leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Company does not account for lease components (e.g., fixed payments including rent) separately from the non-lease components (e.g., common-area maintenance costs). 
 Upon abandoning or committing to a plan to abandon a leased property in the short term before the lease term expires, the Company assesses the fair value of its remaining obligation under the lease and records an impairment of the ROU asset, if needed. The impairment loss is calculated as the present value of the amount by which the remaining lease obligation, adjusted for the effects of any one-time costs to sublease, exceeds the estimated sublease rentals that could be reasonably obtained. The estimated sublease rentals consider Company's ability and intent to sublease the space. The significant assumptions used in the Company's discounted cash flow model include the amount and timing of estimated sublease rental receipts and the discount rate which involve a number of risks and uncertainties, some of which are beyond control, including future real estate market conditions and the Company's ability to successfully enter into subleases or termination agreements with terms as favorable as those assumed when arriving at its estimates. The Company monitors these estimates and assumptions on at least a quarterly basis for changes in circumstances and any corresponding adjustments to the accrual are recorded in its statement of operations in the period when such changes are known. 
 82 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

period. The Company records restructuring cost liabilities in accrued expenses and other current liabilities and "other long-term liabilities" in the consolidated balance sheet. 
 Restructuring costs include employee and contract termination costs, facility consolidation and closure costs, lease related impairment charges, equipment write-downs and inventory write-downs. One-time termination benefits are recognized as a liability at estimated fair value when the approved plan of termination has been communicated to employees, unless employees must provide future service, in which case the benefits are recognized ratably over the future service period. Ongoing termination benefits arrangements are recognized as a liability at estimated fair value when the amount of such benefits becomes estimable and payment is probable. 
 Restructuring charges require significant estimates and assumptions, including estimates made for employee separation costs and other contract termination charges. Management estimates involve a number of risks and uncertainties, some of which are beyond control, including the Company's ability to successfully enter into termination agreements with employees and others with terms as favorable as those assumed when arriving at its estimates. The Company monitors these estimates and assumptions on at least a quarterly basis for changes in circumstances and any corresponding adjustments to the accrual are recorded in its statement of operations in the period when such changes are known. 
 million reduction of additional paid in capital, on December 26, 2021, due to the recombination of the equity conversion component of convertible debt remaining outstanding, which was initially separated and recorded in equity. The million increase in debt represented the removal of the remaining debt discounts recorded for this previous separation. The Company recognized a million cumulative effect decrease of initially applying ASU 2020-06 as an adjustment to the December 26, 2021 opening balance of accumulated deficit. Interest expense recognized in future periods will be reduced as a result of accounting for the convertible senior notes as a liability instrument. Since the Company had a net loss in 2022, the convertible senior notes were determined to be anti-dilutive and therefore had no impact to basic or diluted net loss per share in 2022 as a result of adopting ASU 2020-06. The prior period consolidated financial statements have not been retrospectively adjusted and continue to be reported under the accounting standards in effect for those periods. 
 
 3. 
 million, million and million, respectively. Included in operating lease expense were rent expense and impairment charges due to restructuring resulting in abandonment of certain lease facilities, amounting to million, million and million for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021 and December 26, 2020, respectively. Variable lease cost, short-term lease cost and 
 83 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Long-term operating lease liabilities Total operating lease liability 
 The Company also has finance leases. The lease term for these arrangements range from three to with option to purchase at the end of the term. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, finance leases included in property, plant, and equipment, net in the consolidated balance sheets were million and million, respectively. Finance lease expense includes amortization of the right-of-use assets and interest expense. Total finance lease expense during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021 was not material. 
 
 Less: interest (1) 
 Present value of lease liabilities 
 (1) Calculated using the interest rate for each lease. 
 years year Weighted average discount rate Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities Leased assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities 
 84 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 4. 
 Services Total revenue 
 The Company sells its products directly to customers who are predominantly service providers and to channel partners that sell on its behalf. The following tables present the Company's revenue disaggregated by geography, based on the shipping address of the customer and by sales channel (in thousands): 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 December 25, 2021 December 26, 2020 United States Other Americas Europe, Middle East and Africa Asia Pacific Total revenue 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 December 25, 2021 December 26, 2020 Direct Indirect Total revenue 
 Contract Balances 
 Contract assets Deferred revenue ) ) 
 Revenue recognized for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021 that was included in the deferred revenue balance at the beginning of the reporting period was million and million, respectively. Changes in the contract asset and liability balances during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021 were not materially impacted by other factors. 
 Transaction Price Allocated to the Remaining Performance Obligation 
 The Company s remaining performance obligations represent the transaction price allocated to performance obligations that are unsatisfied or partially satisfied, consisting of deferred revenue and backlog. The Company s backlog represents purchase orders received from customers for future product shipments and 
 85 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

86 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 5. 
 ) ) 
 Disclosure of Fair Values 
 Financial instruments that are not re-measured at fair value include accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued liabilities, and debt. The carrying values of these financial instruments other than the Company's 2024 Notes, 2027 Notes and 2028 Notes (collectively referred to as "convertible senior notes" below) approximate their fair values. The fair value of each series of convertible senior notes was determined based on the quoted bid price of the applicable series of convertible senior notes in an over-the-counter market on December 30, 2022 (the last trading day of the fiscal quarter). 
 
 Cash equivalents are measured and reported at fair value on a recurring basis. The following table presents the fair value of these financial assets and their levels within the fair value hierarchy (in thousands): 
 As of December 31, 2022 As of December 25, 2021 Fair Value Measured Using Fair Value Measured Using Level 1 Level 2 Total Level 1 Level 2 Total Money market funds 
 During 2022 and 2021, there were no transfers of assets or liabilities between Level 1 and Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. As of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, none of the Company s existing securities were classified as Level 3 securities. 
 The Company measures goodwill and intangible assets at fair value on a nonrecurring basis when there are identifiable events or changes in circumstances that may have a significant adverse impact on the fair value of these assets. The Company performed an analysis of impairment indicators of these assets and noted no adverse impact to their fair values as of December 31, 2022. 
 Facilities-related Charges 
 The Company classifies certain facilities-related charges within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy and applies fair value accounting on a nonrecurring basis when impairment indicators exist or upon the existence of observable fair values. The fair values are classified as Level 3 measurements due to the significance of unobservable inputs. These analyses require management to make assumptions and estimates regarding industry and economic factors, future operating results and discount rates. 
 In connection with its Restructuring Plans (as defined in Note 9, Restructuring and Other Related Costs to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements), the Company incurred facilities related charges of 
 87 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, respectively. These charges primarily consisted of impairment charges incurred for operating lease right-of-use assets and were calculated at fair value based on estimated future sublease rental receipts that the Company could reasonably obtain over the remaining lease term at the discount rate. Facilities-related charges are classified as Level 3 measurement due to the significance of these unobservable inputs. 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, including million held by its foreign subsidiaries. As of December 25, 2021, the Company had million of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash including million held by its foreign subsidiaries. The Company's cash held by its foreign subsidiaries is used for operating and investing activities in those locations, and the Company does not currently have the need or the intent to repatriate those funds to the United States. 
 
 6. 
 outstanding foreign currency exchange forward contracts as of December 31, 2022. As of December 25, 2021, the Company had million outstanding foreign currency exchange forward contract and posted collateral of million to cover associated potential credit risk exposure. This collateral amount was classified as other long-term restricted cash on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 The before-tax effect of foreign currency exchange forward contracts was a gain of million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, included in other income (expense), net, in the consolidated statements of operations. In each of these periods, the impact of the gross gains and losses were offset by foreign exchange rate fluctuations on the underlying foreign currency denominated amounts. 
 The Company does not designate foreign currency exchange forward contracts as hedges for accounting purposes and accordingly, changes in the fair value are recorded in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. These contracts were with one high-quality institution and the Company consistently monitors the creditworthiness of the counterparties. 
 88 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 ) Related to British pound denominated receivables ) Total ) 
 (1) Represents the face amounts of forward contracts that were outstanding as of the period noted. 
 Accounts Receivable Factoring 
 The Company sells certain designated trade account receivables based on factoring arrangements with well-established factoring companies. Pursuant to the terms of the arrangements, the Company accounts for these transactions in accordance with ASC 860. The Company's factor purchases trade accounts receivables on a non-recourse basis and without any further obligations. Trade accounts receivables balances sold are removed from the consolidated balance sheets and cash received are reflected as cash provided by operating activities in the consolidated statements of cash flow. The difference between the fair value of the Company's trade receivables and the proceeds received is recorded as interest expense in the Company's consolidated statements of operations. For the years ended December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021 and December 26, 2020, the Company's recognized factoring related interest expense was approximately million, million and million, respectively. The gross amount of trade accounts receivables sold totaled approximately million and million for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021 respectively. 
 
 7. 
 Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 The gross carrying amount of goodwill may change due to the effects of foreign currency fluctuations as a portion of these assets are denominated in foreign currency. To date, the Company has accumulated impairment loss on goodwill. 
 89 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 ) Developed technology ) Total intangible assets ) 
 
 December 25, 2021 Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Amount Weighted Average Remaining Useful Life (In Years) Intangible assets with finite lives: Customer relationships and backlog ) Developed technology ) Total intangible assets ) 
 The gross carrying amount of intangible assets and the related amortization expense of intangible assets may change due to the effects of foreign currency fluctuations as a portion of these assets are denominated in foreign currency. Amortization expense was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021 and December 26, 2020, respectively. 
 
 90 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 8. 
 Additions (1) 
 Write offs (2) 
 ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 (1) The new additions during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 are primarily due to specific reserves. 
 (2) The write offs during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 are primarily amounts fully reserved previously. 
 91 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Work in process Finished goods Total Property, plant and equipment, net Computer hardware Computer software (1) 
 Laboratory and manufacturing equipment Land and building Furniture and fixtures Leasehold and building improvements Construction in progress Subtotal Less accumulated depreciation and amortization (2) 
 ) ) Total Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Loss contingency related to non-cancelable purchase commitments Taxes payable Restructuring accrual Short-term operating and finance lease liability Other accrued expenses and other current liabilities Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 (1) Included in computer software at December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021 were million and million, respectively, related to enterprise resource planning ERP systems that the Company implemented in prior years. The unamortized ERP costs at December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021 were million and million, respectively. Also included in computer software at December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021 was million and million, respectively, related to term licenses. The unamortized term license costs at December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021 was million and million, respectively. 
 (2) Depreciation expense was million, million and million (which includes depreciation of capitalized ERP costs of million, million and million) for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Also included in depreciation expense for 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively, related to term licenses. 
 
 9. 
 million to million, of which million and million was recorded in 
 92 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Lease related impairment charges Asset impairment Others Total 
 Charges Cash payments ) ) ) ) Non-cash Settlements and Other ) ) ) ) ) Balance as of December 25, 2021 
 Charges Cash payments ) ) ) ) Non-cash Settlements and Other ) ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company's restructuring liability was primarily comprised of million related to the 2021 Restructuring Plan and million is related to assumed restructuring liabilities associated with Coriant's previous restructuring and reorganization plans, which was substantially completed in previous years. The liability related to the 2021 Restructuring Plan is expected to be paid by the end of 2023. 
 93 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 10. ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance at December 26, 2020 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance at December 25, 2021 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss Net current-period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) ) 
 
 11. 
 
 94 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) ) ) Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted Net loss per common share - basic and diluted 
 The Company incurred net losses during 2022 , 2021 and 2020, and as a result, potential common shares from stock options, RSUs, PSUs and the assumed release of outstanding shares under the ESPP were not included in the diluted shares used to calculate net loss per share, as their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. Additionally, due to the net loss position during these periods, the Company excluded the potential shares issuable upon conversion of the 2028 Notes, the 2027 Notes and the 2024 Notes in the calculation of diluted earnings per share, as their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. 
 Stock options outstanding Restricted stock units Performance stock units Employee stock purchase plan shares Total 
 (1) The convertible senior notes were calculated under the if-converted method for 2022 due to the adoption of ASU 2020-06 and under the treasury stock method for 2021 and 2020. 
 Prior to the adoption of ASU 2020-06, the Company used the treasury stock method for calculating any potential dilutive effect of the conversion spread of its convertible senior notes. The conversion spread had a dilutive impact for the 2027 Notes during the fiscal year ended December 25, 2021 since the average market price of the Company s common stock during the periods exceeded the initial conversion price of per share. However, the potential shares of common stock issuable upon the conversion of the convertible senior notes were excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share because their effect would have been anti-dilutive. 
 After the adoption of ASU 2020-06, the Company used the if-converted method for calculating any potential dilutive effect of the convertible senior notes for fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. The Company calculates diluted earnings per share assuming that all of the convertible senior notes permitted to be share settled were converted solely into shares of common stock at the beginning of the reporting period. The potential impact upon the conversion of the convertible senior notes was excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 because the effect would have been anti-dilutive. 
 95 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 12. 
 September 2024 2027 Notes March 2027 2028 Notes August 2028 Asset-based Revolving Credit Facility June 2027 Mortgage March 2024 Total Debt 
 The following is a summary of our debt as of December 25, 2021 (in millions): 
 Net Carrying Value Unpaid Principal Balance Contractual Maturity Date Current Long-Term 2024 Notes September 2024 2027 Notes March 2027 Asset-based Revolving Credit Facility March 2024 Mortgage March 2024 Total Debt 
 Convertible Senior Notes 
 In September 2018, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes due 2024 (the "2024 Notes"). In March 2020, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (the 2027 Notes"). In August 2022, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes due 2028 (the "2028 Notes," and, together with the 2024 Notes and 2027 Notes, the convertible senior notes ). The 2024 Notes bear interest at a fixed rate of per year, payable semi-annually in arrears on March 1 and September 1 of each year, beginning on March 1, 2019. The 2027 Notes bear interest at a fixed rate of per year, payable semi-annually in arrears on March 1 and September 1 of each year, beginning on September 1, 2020. The 2028 Notes bear interest at a fixed rate of per year, payable semi-annually in arrears on February 1 and August 1 of each year, beginning on February 1, 2023. Each series of the convertible senior notes is governed by an indenture between the Company, as the issuer, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Trustee (individually, each an Indenture, and together, the Indentures ). The convertible senior notes of each series are unsecured and rank senior in right of payment to any of the Company s indebtedness that is expressly subordinated in right of payment to the convertible senior notes; equal in right of payment to any of the Company's existing and future liabilities that are not so subordinated, effectively junior in right of payment to any of the Company s secured indebtedness to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness; and structurally junior to all indebtedness and other liabilities (including trade payables) of the Company s current or future subsidiaries. The applicable Indenture governing each series of the convertible senior notes does not contain any financial covenants or any restrictions on the payment of dividends, the incurrence of senior debt or other indebtedness, or the issuance or repurchase of the Company's other securities by the Company. 
 96 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million, of which approximately million was used to pay the cost of the capped call transactions with certain financial institutions Capped Calls ). The Company also used a portion of the remaining net proceeds to fund the cash portion of the purchase price of the Acquisition, including fees and expenses relating thereto, and used the remaining net proceeds for general corporate purposes. 
 The Capped Calls have an initial strike price of per share, subject to certain adjustments, which corresponds to the initial conversion price of the 2024 Notes. The Capped Calls have initial cap prices of per share, subject to certain adjustments. The Capped Calls cover, subject to anti-dilution adjustments, million shares of common stock. The Capped Calls transactions are expected generally to reduce or offset potential dilution to the Company's common stock upon any conversion of the 2024 Notes and/or offset any cash payments the Company is required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted 2024 Notes, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap. The Capped Calls expire on various dates between July 5, 2024 and August 29, 2024. The Capped Calls were recorded as a reduction of the Company s stockholders equity in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 The net proceeds to the Company from the issuance of 2027 Notes were approximately million after deducting initial purchasers' fee and other debt issuance costs. The Company used the remaining net proceeds for general corporate purposes, including working capital to fund growth and potential strategic projects. 
 The net proceeds to the Company from the issuance of 2028 Notes were approximately million after deducting the initial purchasers' fee and other debt issuance costs. The Company used approximately million, which included accrued and unpaid interest, of the net proceeds from this issuance to repurchase approximately million in aggregate principal amount of its 2024 Notes concurrently with the issuance. This transaction involved a contemporaneous exchange of cash between the Company and holders of the 2024 Notes participating in the issuance of the 2028 Notes. Accordingly, the transaction was evaluated for modification or extinguishment accounting in accordance with ASC 470-50, Debt Modifications and Extinguishments on a creditor-by creditor basis depending on whether the exchange was determined to have substantially different terms. The repurchase of the 2024 Notes and issuance of the 2028 Notes were deemed to have substantially different terms based on the present value of the cash flows or significant difference between the value of the conversion option immediately prior to and after the exchange. Therefore, the repurchase of the 2024 Notes was accounted for as a debt extinguishment. The Company recorded a million gain on extinguishment of debt on its consolidated statements of operations during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, which includes the write-off of related deferred issuance costs of million. After giving effect to the repurchase, the total remaining principal amount outstanding under the 2024 Notes as of December 31, 2022 was million. 
 The Company intends to use the remaining net proceeds from the issuance of 2028 Notes for general corporate purposes, including working capital and to fund growth and potential strategic projects. 
 The 2024 Notes, the 2027 Notes and the 2028 Notes mature on September 1, 2024, March 1, 2027 and August 1, 2028, respectively. The Company did not have the right to redeem the 2024 Notes prior to September 5, 2021, and may not redeem the 2027 Notes prior to March 5, 2024 or the 2028 Notes prior to August 5, 2025. The Company may redeem for cash all or any portion of the 2024 Notes at its option, on or after September 5, 2021, the 2027 Notes, at its option, on or after March 5, 2024, and the 2028 Notes, at its option, on or after August 5, 2025, if the last reported sale price of its common stock has been at least of the conversion price then in effect for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any consecutive trading day period (including the last trading day of such period) ending on, and including the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides notice of redemption at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the convertible senior notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the redemption date. No sinking fund is provided for the convertible senior notes . 
 
 97 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 2027 Notes 130.5995 2028 Notes 147.1183 
 Throughout the term of the convertible senior notes, the conversion rate may be adjusted upon the occurrence of certain events, including for any cash dividends. Holders of the convertible senior notes will not receive any cash payment representing accrued and unpaid interest upon conversion. Accrued but unpaid interest will be deemed to be paid in full upon conversion rather than canceled, extinguished or forfeited. Prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding June 1, 2024 for the 2024 Notes, December 1, 2026 for the 2027 Notes and May 1, 2028 for the 2028 Notes (the convertible dates), holders may convert their convertible senior notes under the following circumstances: 
 during any fiscal quarter commencing after the fiscal quarters ended on December 29, 2018 for the 2024 Notes, June 27, 2020 for the 2027 Notes and September 24, 2022 for the 2028 Notes (and only during such fiscal quarter) if the last reported sale price of the common stock for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter is greater than or equal to of the conversion price on each applicable trading day; 
 during the business day period after any consecutive trading day period (the measurement period in which the trading price per principal amount of the convertible senior notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price of the Company s common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; 
 if the Company calls any or all of the convertible senior notes for redemption, at any time prior to the close of business on the scheduled trading day immediately preceding the redemption date; 
 upon the occurrence of specified corporate events described under the Indentures, such as a consolidation, merger or binding share exchange; 
 or at any time on or after respective convertible dates, until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, holders may convert their convertible senior notes at any time, regardless of the foregoing circumstances. 
 Upon the receipt of conversion requests, the settlement of the convertible senior notes will be paid pursuant to the terms of the respective governing Indentures. In the event that any of the 2024 Notes and 2027 Notes are converted, the Company would be required to repay the principal amount and any conversion premium in any combination of cash and shares of its common stock at the Company s option. In the event that any of the 2028 Notes are converted, the Company would be required to repay the principal amount in cash and the conversion premium in any combination of cash and shares of its common stock at the Company s option. 
 If the Company undergoes a fundamental change as defined in the Indentures, holders may require the Company to repurchase for cash all or any portion of their convertible senior notes at a repurchase price equal to of the principal amount of the convertible senior notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. In addition, upon the occurrence of a make-whole fundamental change (as defined in each of the Indentures), the Company may, in certain circumstances, be required to increase the conversion rate by a number of additional shares for a holder that elects to convert its convertible senior notes in connection with such make-whole fundamental change. 
 There have been no changes to the initial conversion price of the convertible senior notes since issuance. None of the conditions allowing holders of the convertible senior notes to convert early were met. The convertible senior notes were therefore not convertible during 2022. 
 98 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Amortization of debt issuance costs Amortization of debt discount Total interest expense 
 Adoption of ASU 2020-06 
 Prio r to the adoption of ASU 2020-06 on December 26, 2021 and in accounting for the issuance of the convertible senior notes , the convertible senior notes were separated into liability and equity components. The carrying amount of the liability component was calculated by measuring the fair value of a similar debt instrument that does not have an associated conversion feature. The carrying amounts of the equity component representing the conversion option related to the 2024 Notes and 2027 Notes were million and million, respectively. This was determined by deducting the fair value of the liability component from its par value. The equity component was recorded in additional paid-in-capital and was not re-measured as long as it continued to meet the conditions for equity classification. The excess of the principal amount of the liability component over its carrying amount (the debt discount was amortized to interest expense over the respective contractual term of the convertible senior notes at an effective interest rate of . 
 Prior to the adoption of ASU 2020-06 on December 26, 2021 and in accounting for the debt issuance costs o f million and million r elated to the 2024 Notes and 2027 Notes, respectively, the Company allocated the total amount incurred to the liability and equity components of the convertible senior notes based on their relative values. Issuance costs attributable to the liability component were million and million, r elated to the 2024 Notes and 2027 Notes, respectively, and were amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method over the contractual term of the convertible senior notes . Issuance costs attributable to the equity component were netted with the equity component in additional paid-in-capital. 
 On December 26, 2021, the Company adopted ASU 2020-06 based on a modified retrospective transition method. Under such transition, prior-period information has not been retrospectively adjusted. 
 In accounting for the convertible senior notes after adoption of ASU 2020-06, the convertible senior notes are accounted for as a single liability. The issuance cost related to the 2024 Notes, the 2027 Notes and the 2028 Notes are being amortized to interest expense over the respective contractual term, at effective interest rates of , and , respectively. Unamortized debt issuance costs will be amortized over the remaining life of the 2024 Notes, the 2027 Notes and the 2028 Notes which is approximately months, months, and months, respectively. 
 99 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Unamortized debt discount ) ) Unamortized issuance costs ) ) ) ) ) Net carrying amount 
 Asset-based revolving credit facility 
 On June 24, 2022, the Company entered into a Loan, Guaranty and Security Agreement (the Loan Agreement with the lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as agent. The Loan Agreement provides for a senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility of up to million (the "Credit Facility"), which the Company may draw upon from time to time. The Company may increase the total commitments under the revolving credit facility by up to an additional million, subject to certain conditions. In addition, the Loan Agreement provides for a million letter of credit subfacility and a million swingline loan facility. 
 The proceeds of the loans under the Loan Agreement may be used to pay the fees, costs, and expenses incurred in connection with the Loan Agreement, repay existing debt and for working capital and general corporate purposes, including to fund growth. The Credit Facility has a stated maturity date of June 24, 2027. Availability under the Credit Facility will be based upon periodic borrowing base certifications valuing certain inventory and accounts receivable, as reduced by certain reserves. The Credit Facility is secured by a first-priority security interest (subject to certain exceptions) in inventory, certain related assets, specified deposit accounts, and certain other accounts. 
 Outstanding borrowings accrue interest at floating rates plus an applicable margin of to for Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") rate loans and to for base rate loans. The unused line fee rate payable on the unused portion of the Credit Facility is equal to per annum based on utilization of the Credit Facility. 
 The Loan Agreement contains customary affirmative covenants, such as financial statement reporting requirements and delivery of borrowing base certificates. The Loan Agreement also contains customary covenants that limit the ability of the Company to, among other things, incur debt, create liens and encumbrances, engage in certain fundamental changes, dispose of assets, prepay certain indebtedness, make restricted payments, make investments, and engage in transactions with affiliates. The Loan Agreement also contains a financial covenant that requires the Company to maintain a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all covenants under the Loan Agreement. 
 In connection with the Credit Facility, the Company incurred lender and other third-party costs of approximately million, which are recorded as a deferred asset and will be amortized to interest expense using a straight-line method over the term of the Credit Facility. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had availability of million under the Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2022, the Loan Agreement included a million letter of credit subfacility and million letters of credit issued and outstanding. 
 On August 1, 2019, the Company entered into a Credit Agreement with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., (the "2019 Credit Agreement"), which was subsequently amended on December 23, 2019 (the "Amended Credit Agreement", and together with the 2019 Credit Agreement, the "Prior Credit Agreement"). The Prior Credit Agreement provided for a senior secured asset-based revolving credit facility of up to million, which the Company could draw upon from time to time. The credit facility was secured by first-priority security interest 
 100 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million letter of credit sub-facility and a million swing loan sub-facility. 
 Outstanding borrowings under the Prior Credit Agreement accrued interest at floating rates plus and applicable margin from to for LIBOR rate loans and to for base rate loans, depending on the utilization of the credit facility. The commitment fee payable on the unused portion of the credit facility ranged from to per annum, also based on the utilization of the credit facility. The letter of credit accrued fee at a per annum rate equal to the applicable LIBOR rate margin times by the average amount of the letter of credit usage during the immediately preceding quarter, in addition to the fronting fees, commissions and other fees. 
 Effective January 1, 2022, with the cessation of LIBOR, the Prior Credit Agreement provided for an alternative benchmark rate for LIBOR-based loans, which included SOFR or other prevailing market rate as determined by the agent plus a spread based on prevailing market convention for the applicable interest period plus a margin ranging from to . 
 The Prior Credit Agreement contained customary affirmative covenants, such as financial statement reporting requirements and delivery of borrowing base certificates. It also contained customary covenants that limited the ability of the Company and its subsidiaries to, among other things, incur debt, create liens and encumbrances, engage in certain fundamental changes, dispose of assets, prepay certain indebtedness, make restricted payments, make investments, and engage in transactions with affiliates. In addition the Prior Credit Agreement also contained a financial covenant that required the Company to maintain a minimum amount of liquidity and customary events of default. 
 In connection with the Prior Credit Agreement, the Company incurred lender and other third-party costs of approximately million in 2019, which were recorded as a deferred asset and are amortized to interest expense using a straight-line method over the term of the Prior Credit Agreement. As of December 25, 2021, the Prior Credit Agreement included a million letter of credit facility and million had been issued and outstanding. 
 In June 2022, the Company terminated the Prior Credit Agreement and repaid the entire outstanding principal balance of million, in addition to accrued interest and other fees of million. The Company also recorded million in interest expense to write off the unamortized deferred debt issuance costs related to the Prior Credit Agreement. 
 Mortgage Payable 
 In March 2019, the Company mortgaged a property it owns. The Company received proceeds of million in connection with the loan. The loan carries a fixed interest rate of and is repayable in equal monthly installments of principal and interest with the remaining unpaid principal balance plus accrued unpaid interest due from the date of the loan. 
 On September 24, 2021, the loan was amended to reduce the interest rate from to for the remaining equal monthly installments of approximately million, with the remaining principal payment at maturity date. 
 101 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 13. 
 Financing lease obligations (3) 
 Purchase obligations (4) 
 2028 Notes, including interest (5) 
 2027 Notes, including interest (5) 
 2024 Notes, including interest (5) 
 Mortgage Payable, including interest (5) 
 Total contractual obligations 
 (1) The Company leases facilities under non-cancelable operating lease agreements. These leases have varying terms that range from one to years. The above payment schedule includes interest. See Note 3, "Leases" to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
 (2) The Company has contractual commitments to remove leasehold improvements and return certain properties to a specified condition when the leases terminate. At the inception of a lease with such conditions, the Company records an asset retirement obligation liability and a corresponding capital asset in an amount equal to the estimated fair value of the obligation. Asset retirement obligations were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, respectively. Of the million as of December 31, 2022, million is classified as other long-term liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The remainder is included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities. 
 (3) The Company has finance leases for computer hardware and leasehold improvements. The above payment schedule includes interest. See Note 3, "Leases" to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
 (4) The Company has agreements with its major production suppliers, where the Company is committed to purchase certain parts. As of December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021 and December 26, 2020, these non-cancelable purchase commitments were million, million and million, respectively. 
 (5) See Note 12, "Debt" to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for more information. 
 Legal Matters 
 NextGen Innovations, LLC 
 On August 9, 2022, NextGen Innovations, LLC ("NextGen") filed a complaint against us in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas. The complaint asserts that through certain products we infringe on U.S. Patent Nos. 9,887,795, 10,263,723, and 10,771,181. The complaint alleges that NextGen is entitled to unspecified damages, costs, fees, expenses, interest, and injunctive relief. We are currently unable to predict the outcome of this litigation and therefore cannot reasonably estimate the possible loss or range of loss, if any, arising from this matter. 
 In addition to the matter described above, we are subject to various legal proceedings, claims and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. While the outcome of these matters is currently not determinable, we do not expect that the ultimate costs to resolve these matters will have a material effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 102 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 103 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 14. 
 Charges to operations Utilization ) ) Change in estimate (1) 
 ) Balance at the end of the period 
 (1) The Company records product warranty liabilities based on the latest quality and cost information available as of the date the revenue is recorded. The changes in estimate shown here are due to changes in overall actual failure rates, the mix of new versus used units related to replacement of failed units, and changes in the estimated cost of repair and product recalls. As the Company's products mature over time, failure rates and repair costs associated with such products generally decline leading to favorable changes in warranty reserves. 
 Letters of Credit and Bank Guarantees 
 The Company had million and million of standby letters of credit, bank guarantees and surety bonds outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, respectively. 
 Value added tax license Property leases Pension plans Credit cards Other liabilities Total 
 Of the million related to customer performance guarantees, approximately million was used to secure surety bonds in the aggregate of million as of December 31, 2022. Of the million to customer performance guarantees, approximately million was used to secure surety bonds in the aggregate of million as of December 25, 2021. 
 As of December 31, 2022, of the aforementioned standby letters of credit and bank guarantees outstanding, million was backed by cash collateral. 
 
 104 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 15. 
 million shares of common stock. The ESPP has a -year term. Eligible employees may purchase the Company s common stock through payroll deductions at a price equal to of the lower of the fair market values of the stock as of the beginning or the end of six-month offering periods. An employee s payroll deductions under the ESPP are limited to a maximum of of the employee s compensation and an employee may not purchase more than shares per purchase period. 
 In February 2016, the Company's board of directors adopted the 2016 Plan and the Company's stockholders approved the 2016 Plan in May 2016. In May 2017, May 2018, May 2019, May 2020 and May 2021 and May 2022, the Company's stockholders approved amendments to the 2016 Plan to increase the number of shares authorized for issuance under the 2016 Plan by million shares, million shares, million shares, million shares, million shares and million shares, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company reserved a total of million shares of common stock for the award of stock options, RSUs and PSUs to employees, non-employees, consultants and members of the Company's board of directors pursuant to the 2016 Plan, plus any shares subject to awards granted under the 2007 Plan that, after the effective date of the 2016 Plan, expire, are forfeited or otherwise terminate without having been exercised in full to the extent such awards were exercisable, and shares issued pursuant to awards granted under the 2007 Plan that, after the effective date of the 2016 Plan, are forfeited to or repurchased by the Company due to failure to vest. The 2016 Plan has a maximum term of years from the date of adoption, or it can be earlier terminated by the Company's board of directors. The 2007 Plan was cancelled and there are no outstanding grants under the 2007 Plan. 
 Shares Reserved for Future Issuances 
 Reserved for future award grants Reserved for future ESPP Total common stock reserved for stock options and awards 
 Stock-based Compensation Plans 
 The Company has stock-based compensation plans pursuant to which the Company has granted stock options, RSUs and PSUs. The Company also has an ESPP for all eligible employees. 
 
 105 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 RSUs granted RSUs released ) RSUs canceled ) Outstanding at December 26, 2020 
 RSUs granted RSUs released ) RSUs canceled ) Outstanding at December 25, 2021 
 RSUs granted RSUs released ) RSUs canceled ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

PSUs granted PSUs released ) PSUs canceled ) Outstanding at December 26, 2020 
 PSUs granted PSUs released ) PSUs canceled ) Outstanding at December 25, 2021 
 PSUs granted PSUs released ) PSUs canceled ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 Expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 
 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of unreleased RSUs and unreleased PSUs is calculated using the closing price of the Company's common stock of at December 30, 2022. The aggregate intrinsic value of RSUs and PSUs released is calculated using the fair market value of the common stock at the date of release. 
 
 106 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 PSUs 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Risk-free interest rate - 
 - 
 - 
 Expected life years years years Estimated fair value - 
 - 
 - 

The expected dividend yield is zero for the Company as it does not expect to pay dividends in the future. 
 Employee contributions Shares purchased 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 Pursuant to the 2016 Plan, the Company has granted RSUs to employees and non-employee members of the Company's board of directors. All RSUs awarded are subject to each individual's continued service to the Company through each applicable vesting date. The Company accounted for the fair value of the RSUs using the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant. Amortization of stock-based compensation expense related to RSUs in 2022, 2021 and 2020 was approximately million, million and million, respectively. 
 Performance Stock Units 
 Pursuant to the 2016 Plan, the Company has granted PSUs to certain of the Company s executive officers, senior management and certain employees. All PSUs awarded are subject to each individual's continued service to the Company through each applicable vesting date and if the performance metrics are not met within the time limits specified in the award agreements, the PSUs will be canceled. 
 PSUs granted to the Company's executive officers and senior management under the 2016 Plan during 2020, 2021 and 2022 are based on performance criteria related to a specific financial target over the span of a performance period. These PSUs may become eligible for vesting to begin before the end of the performance period, if the applicable financial target is met. The number of shares to be issued upon vesting of these PSUs are capped at the target number of PSUs granted. Certain other employees were awarded PSUs that will only vest upon the achievement of specific financial and operational performance criteria. 
 107 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 PSUs granted PSUs released ) ) ) PSUs canceled ) ) ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 
 Amortization of stock-based compensation expense related to PSUs in 2022, 2021 and 2020 was approximately million, million and million, respectively. 
 Stock-based Compensation Expense 
 Income tax benefit associated with stock-based compensation Stock-based compensation effects in net loss before income taxes Cost of revenue Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Total stock-based compensation expense 
 
 108 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 16. 
 State Foreign Total current Deferred: Federal State Foreign ) ) ) Total deferred ) ) ) Total provision for income taxes 
 Loss before provision for income taxes from international operations was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021 and December 26, 2020, respectively. 
 State taxes, net of federal benefit ) ) ) Research credits Stock-based compensation ) ) Change in valuation allowance ) ) ) Foreign rate differential ) ) ) Nondeductible expenses ) Other ) ) ) Effective tax rate ) ) ) 
 For 2022, the Company's income tax expense was million with effective tax rate of ) . The difference between the effective income tax rate and the U.S federal statutory rate of to income before income taxes is primarily the result of R D credits, stock-based compensation, foreign income taxed at different rates and valuation allowances. The Company recognized an income tax expense of million and million in 2021 and 2020, respectively. The resulting effective tax rates were ) and ) for 2021 and 2020, respectively. The 2021 and 2020 effective tax rates differ from the expected statutory rate of 21 , based on the Company's ability to benefit from its U.S. loss carryforwards, offset by state income taxes, non-deductible stock-based compensation expenses and foreign taxes provided on foreign subsidiary earnings. 
 109 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Research and foreign tax credits Nondeductible accruals R D expense capitalization Inventory valuation Leasing Liabilities Stock-based compensation Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Property, plant and equipment ) ) Right of use asset ) ) Acquired intangible assets ) ) Convertible senior notes ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) ) 
 The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. The Company must consider all positive and negative evidence, including the Company's forecasts of taxable income over the applicable carryforward periods, its current financial performance, its market environment, and other factors in evaluating the need for a full or partial valuation allowance against its net U.S. deferred tax assets. Based on the available objective evidence, management believes it is not more likely than not that the domestic net deferred tax assets will be realizable in the foreseeable future. Accordingly, the Company has provided a full valuation allowance against its domestic deferred tax assets, net of deferred tax liabilities, as of December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021. 
 The Company intends to continue maintaining a full valuation allowance on its deferred tax assets until there is sufficient evidence to support the reversal of all or some portion of these allowances. However, considering the Company's current assessment of the probability of maintaining profitability, there is a reasonable possibility that, within the next year or two, sufficient positive evidence may become available to reach a conclusion that a portion of the valuation allowance will no longer be needed. As such, the Company may release a portion of its valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets within the next 12-24 months. This release, if 
 110 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The U.S. current income tax provision is primarily for state taxes we anticipate paying as a result of statutory limitations on our ability to offset expected taxable income with net operating loss and research and development credit carry forwards. The increase in Federal taxable income due to R D expense capitalization is offset by net operating carryover balance. It is expected that R D expense capitalization will continue to generate Federal and State taxable income in future years and continue to utilize net operating loss and other available tax credits. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million for federal income tax purposes which will begin to expire in 2032 if unused. The Company had net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million for state income tax purposes which will begin to expire in the year 2023 if unused. The Company also had foreign net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million, some of which will begin expiring in the year 2023 if unused. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company also had R D credit carryforwards of approximately million for federal income tax and million for state income tax purposes. The federal R D tax credit will begin to expire in 2023 if unused. State R D tax credits will carry forward indefinitely. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company also had Foreign Tax credit carryforwards of approximately million for federal income tax. The foreign tax credit will begin to expire in 2023 if unused. 
 Infinera Canada Inc., an indirect wholly owned subsidiary, has Scientific Research and Experimental Development Expenditures SRED credits available of million to offset future Canadian income taxes payable as of December 31, 2022. Infinera Portugal subsidiary has a SIFIDE Credit of million to offset future income tax payable in Portugal as of December 31, 2022. Canadian SRED credits will begin to expire in the year 2032 if not fully utilized. The Portugal SIFIDE credits will begin to expire in the year 2023. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had federal capital loss carryforwards of million. If not utilized, the federal capital loss will expire in 2023. 
 The federal and state net operating loss carryforwards may be subject to significant limitations under Section 382 and Section 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") and similar provisions under state law. The Tax Reform Act of 1986 contains provisions that limit the federal net operating loss carryforwards that may be used in any given year in the event of special occurrences, including significant ownership changes. The Company has completed a Section 382 review and has determined that none of its operating losses will expire solely due to Section 382 limitation(s). 
 
 111 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Tax position related to current year Additions Tax positions related to prior years Additions Reductions ) ) ) Lapses of statute of limitations ) ) ) Ending balance 
 As of December 31, 2022, the cumulative unrecognized tax benefit was million, of which million was netted against deferred tax assets, which would have otherwise been subjected with a full valuation allowance. Of the total unrecognized tax benefit as of December 31, 2022, approximately million, if recognized, would impact the Company s effective tax rate. The amount of unrecognized tax benefit could be reduced upon expiration of the applicable statute of limitation. The potential reduction in unrecognized tax benefits during the next 12 months is not expected to be material. 
 As of December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021 and December 26, 2020, the Company had million, million and million, respectively, of accrued interest or penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits, of which million was included in the Company s provision for income taxes in each of the years ended December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021 and December 26, 2020, respectively. The Company s policy is to include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the Company s provision for income taxes. 
 The Company is potentially subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service and the relevant state income taxing authorities under the statute of limitations for years 2003 and forward. 
 Included in the balance of income tax liabilities, accrued interest and penalties at December 31, 2022 is an immaterial amount related to tax positions for which it is reasonably possible that the statute of limitations will expire in various jurisdictions within the next twelve months. 
 Post U.S. Tax Reform, the Company and its subsidiaries do not have significant unremitted foreign earnings and the associated withholding and other taxes are not material for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 17. 
 business activity as a provider of optical transport networking equipment, software and services. Accordingly, the Company is considered to be in a single reporting segment and operating unit structure. 
 Revenue by geographic region is based on the shipping address of the customer. For more information regarding revenue disaggregated by geography, see Note 4, Revenue Recognition to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 112 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Other Americas Europe, Middle East and Africa Asia Pacific and Japan Total property, plant and equipment, net 
 
 18. 
 million, million and million for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Expenses related to the 401(k) Plan were insignificant for each of the years 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 The Company has an ITP pension plan covering its Swedish employees. Commitments for old-age and survivors' pension for salaried employees in Sweden are vested through an insurance policy. Expenses related to the ITP pension plan were million for 2022, million for 2021 and million for 2020. 
 The Company also provides defined contribution plans in certain foreign countries where required by local statute or at the Company's discretion. For the years ended December 31, 2022, December 25, 2021 and December 26, 2020, the Company had million, million, and million related to post-retirement costs, respectively. 
 Pension Plans 
 Pension and Post-Retirement Benefit Plans 
 The Company has a number of post-employment plans in Germany, as well as a number of smaller post-employment plans in other countries, including both defined contribution and defined benefit plans. The defined benefit plans expose the Company to actuarial risks such as, investment risk, interest rate risk, life expectancy risk and salary risk. The characteristics of the defined benefit plans and the risks associated with them vary depending on legal, fiscal, and economic requirements. 
 113 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Service cost Interest cost Benefits paid ) ) Actuarial gain ) ) Employee contributions Foreign currency exchange rate changes ) ) Benefit obligation at end of year (1) 
 Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual (loss) return on plan assets ) Payments ) ) Employee contributions Foreign currency exchange rate changes ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Net liability recognized 
 (1) The Company's accumulated benefit obligation was million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021, respectively. 
 The net liability is included in the line item other long-term liabilities in the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 
 Other long-term liabilities ) ) Net liability recognized ) ) 
 114 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of net actuarial loss Total net periodic (benefit) cost ) 
 Actuarial gains and losses are amortized using a corridor approach. The gain/loss corridor is equal to 10 of the greater of the pension benefit obligation and the market-related value of assets. Gains and losses in excess of the corridor are generally amortized over the average future working lifetime of the pension plan participants. The service cost component is included in operating expenses in the Company's consolidated statements of operations. All other components are included in Other income (expense), net in the Company's consolidated statements of operations. 
 ) Net actuarial gain arising in current year Amortization of net actuarial loss (1) 
 Ending balance 
 (1) The actuarial gain for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 25, 2021 is primarily due to the change in the discount rate. Amounts recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) expected to be amortized as a part of net periodic pension cost during 2023 is million (pre-tax). 
 Assumptions 
 Salary growth rate Pension growth rate Expected long-term rate of return on plan assets 3.93 
 115 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Equity fund Insurance contracts Pension fund Total plan assets at fair value 
 Valuation Techniques 
 The following describes the valuation techniques used to measure the fair value of the assets shown in the table above. Equity funds are invested in traded securities and are recorded at market value as of the balance sheet date. Insurance contracts are recorded at cash surrender value of the policies. Mixed fund and pension fund are valued at the amounts as provided by the insurance companies who manage the funds and represent fair market value at the date of the balance sheet. 
 Transfers Between Levels 
 Any transfers between levels in the fair value hierarchy are recognized as of the end of the reporting period. No material transfers between levels occurred during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Future Contributions 
 In 2023, the Company does not expect to make additional contributions to the plan. 
 116 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 2027 to 2031 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Attached as exhibits to this Form 10-K are certifications of our CEO and CFO, which are required in accordance with Rule 13a-14 of the Exchange Act. This Controls and Procedures section includes information concerning the internal controls and controls evaluation referred to in the certifications. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 An evaluation was performed by our management, with the participation of our CEO and our CFO, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d -15(e) under the Exchange Act). Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on this evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 Our management, including the CEO and CFO, does not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal controls over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to its costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of controls to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in business conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2022 there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting which were identified in connection with management s evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. We are continually monitoring and assessing the 
 117 

COVID-19 pandemic situation to minimize the impact, if any, on the design and operating effectiveness on our internal controls. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management, with the participation of our CEO and CFO, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, the end of our fiscal year. Management based its assessment on the framework established in the 2013 Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission 2013 COSO framework ). Management s assessment included evaluation of elements such as the design and operating effectiveness of key financial reporting controls, process documentation, accounting policies, and our overall control environment. This assessment is supported by testing and monitoring performed by our internal audit and finance personnel utilizing the 2013 COSO framework. 
 Based on our assessment, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of the end of 2022 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of 2022 has been audited by Ernst Young, LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included elsewhere herein. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 118 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Information responsive to this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For information pertaining to our executive officers, refer to the section entitled Information about our Executive Officers in Part 1, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 Information responsive to this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Information responsive to this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 Information responsive to this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 Information responsive to this item is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement with respect to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 119 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a)(1) Consolidated Financial Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains the following financial statements which appear under Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K on the pages noted below: 
 Page Reports of Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 65 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 68 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 69 
 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 70 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 71 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 72 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 74 
 
 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedule 
 Additions Reductions ) ) ) Ending balance Allowance for credit losses Beginning balance Additions Write-offs ) ) ) Ending balance 
 Schedules not listed above have been omitted because the information required to be set forth therein is not applicable or is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 (a)(3) Exhibits. 
 See Index to Exhibits. The Exhibits listed in the accompanying Index to Exhibits are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 120 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit No. Description 2.1 
 Unit Purchase Agreement by and among Infinera Corporation, Coriant Investor LLC and Oaktree Optical Holdings, L.P., dated July 23, 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K/A (No. 001-33486), filed with the SEC on July 27, 2018. 
 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-33486), filed with the SEC on June 12, 2007. 
 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-33486), filed with the SEC on December 9, 2022. 
 4.1 
 Form of Common Stock Certificate, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Form S-1/A (No. 333-140876), filed with the SEC on April 27, 2007. 
 4.2 
 Base Indenture, dated as of September 11, 2018, by and between Infinera Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-33486), filed with the SEC on September 12, 2018. 
 4.3 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 11, 2018, by and between Infinera Corporation and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association) , incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-33486), filed with the SEC on September 12, 2018. 
 4.4 
 Form of 2.125 Convertible Senior Notes due 2024 (included in Exhibit 4.3 incorporated by reference hereto). 
 4.5 
 Indenture, dated March 9, 2020, by and between Infinera Corporation and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U .S. Bank National Association) , incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-33486), filed with the SEC on March 9, 2020 
 4.6 
 Form of 2.50 Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (included in Exhibit 4.5 incorporated by reference hereto) 
 4.7 
 Description of Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.5 of the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K (No. 001-33486) filed with the SEC on March 4, 2020. 
 4.8 
 Form of Indenture, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant's Form S-3 Registration Statement (No. 333-244741) filed with the SEC on August 12, 2020. 
 4.9 
 Indenture, dated August 8, 2022, by and between Infinera Corporation and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 00133486) filed with the SEC on August 8, 2022. 
 4.10 
 Form of 3.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2028 (included in Exhibit 4.9 incorporated by reference hereto). 
 10.1 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement between Registrant and each of its directors and executive officers, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Form S-1 (No. 333-140876), filed with the SEC on February 26, 2007. 
 10.2 
 2007 Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (No. 001-33486), filed with the SEC on February 18, 2015. 
 10.3 
 Infinera Corporation Amended and Restated 2007 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K (No. 001-33486) filed with the SEC on March 4, 2020. 
 10.4 
 Form of 2007 Employee Stock Purchase Plan Global Subscription Agreement, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K (No. 001-33486) filed with the SEC on March 4, 2020. 
 10.5 
 Bonus Plan, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on 8-K (No. 001-33486), filed with the SEC on February 14, 2011. 
 10.6 
 Form of Section 16 Officer Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units under the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (No. 001-33486), filed with the SEC on February 18, 2015. 
 
 121 

Exhibit No. Description 10.7 
 Form of Notice of Grant of Stock Option under the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (No. 001-33486), filed with the SEC on May 5, 2010. 
 10.8 
 Form of Chief Executive Officer Amended and Restated Change of Control Severance Agreement, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-33486), filed with the SEC on February 22, 2018. 
 10.9 
 Form of Section 16 Officer Amended and Restated Change of Control Severance Agreement, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-33486), filed with the SEC on February 22, 2018. 
 10.10 
 Executive Clawback Policy, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-33486), filed with the SEC on January 17, 2013. 
 10.11 
 Executive Severance Policy, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (No. 001-33486), filed with the SEC on February 18, 2015. 
 10.12 
 Infinera Corporation Amended and Restated 2016 Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-33486), filed with the SEC on May 19, 2022. 
 10.13 
 Form of Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units under the Amended and Restated 2016 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 10.14 
 Form of Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units for Directors under the Amended and Restated 2016 Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-33486), filed with the SEC on May 17, 2016. 
 10.15 
 Form of Notice of Grant of Performance Shares under the Amended and Restated 2016 Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (No. 001-33486), filed with the SEC on May 9, 2019. 
 10.16 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated as of September 6, 2018, by and between Infinera Corporation and Morgan Stanley Co. LLC, as manager of the underwriter named therein, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-33486), filed with the SEC on September 12, 2018. 
 10.17 
 Form of Capped Call Confirmation, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-33486), filed with the SEC on September 12, 2018. 
 10.18 
 First Amendment to Unit Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 4, 2019, by and among Infinera Corporation, Coriant Investor LLC and Oaktree Optical Holdings, L.P., incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-33486), filed with the SEC on March 4, 2019 . 
 10.19 
 Offer Letter between Infinera Corporation and David L. Teichmann dated March 18, 2019, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (No. 001-33486), filed with the SEC on August 8, 2019. 
 10.20 
 Offer Letter between Infinera Corporation and Nancy Erba dated July 8, 2019, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (No. 001-33486), filed with the SEC on November 12, 2019. 
 10.21 
 Infinera Corporation 2019 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-233150), filed with the SEC on August 8, 2019 . 
 10.22 
 Form of Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units (Inducement Plan), incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-233150), filed with the SEC on August 8, 2019. 
 10.23 
 Form of Notice of Grant of Performance Shares (Inducement Plan), incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-233150), filed with the SEC on August 8, 2019. 
 10.24 
 Offer Letter between Infinera Corporation and Nicholas Walden dated January 3, 2020, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.27 of the Registrant's Annual Report in Form 10-K (No. 001-33486) filed with the SEC on March 4, 2020. 
 
 122 

Exhibit No. Description 10.25 
 Purchase Agreement, dated March 4, 2020, by and between Infinera Corporation and Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-33486), filed with the SEC on March 9, 2020 
 10.26 
 Letter agreement, dated as of April 13, 2020, among Infinera Corporation, Oaktree Optical Holdings, L.P. and certain other parties, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-33486), filed with the SEC on April 14, 2020 
 10.27 
 Loan, Guaranty and Security Agreement, dated as of June 24, 2022, by and among Infinera Corporation, the other obligors party thereto, the lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A. as agent, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-33486), filed with the SEC on June 27, 2022. 
 10.28 
 First Amendment to Loan, Guaranty and Security Agreement, dated as of August 2, 2022, among Infinera Corporation, the other obligors party thereto, the lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-33486) filed with the SEC on August 3, 2022. 
 10.29 
 Purchase Agreement, dated August 3, 2022, by and between Infinera Corporation and Jefferies LLC, incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K (No. 001-33486) filed with the SEC on August 8, 2022. 
 21.1 
 Subsidiaries. 
 23.1 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 24.1 Power of Attorney (reference is made to the signature page hereto) 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 Management contracts or compensation plans or arrangements in which directors or executive officers are eligible to participate. 
 This exhibit shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof and irrespective of any general incorporation language in any filings. 
 123 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Dated: February 27, 2023 
 Infinera Corporation By: /s/ NANCY ERBA Nancy Erba Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints David W. Heard and Nancy Erba, and each of them individually, his or her attorneys-in-fact, each with the power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or his substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 124 

Name and Signature Title Date /s/ DAVID W. HEARD Chief Executive Officer, Principal Executive Officer and Director February 27, 2023 
 David W. Heard /s/ NANCY ERBA Chief Financial Officer, Principal Financial Officer February 27, 2023 
 Nancy Erba /s/ MICHAEL FERNICOLA Chief Accounting Officer and Principal Accounting Officer February 27, 2023 
 Michael Fernicola /s/ GEORGE RIEDEL Chairman of the Board February 27, 2023 
 George Riedel /s/ CHRISTINE BUCKLIN Director February 27, 2023 
 Christine Bucklin /s/ GREG P. DOUGHERTY Director February 27, 2023 
 Greg P. Dougherty /s/ SHARON HOLT Director February 27, 2023 
 Sharon Holt /s/ ROOP K. LAKKARAJU Director February 27, 2023 
 Roop Lakkaraju /s/ PAUL J. MILBURY Director February 27, 2023 
 Paul J. Milbury /s/ AMY RICE Director February 27, 2023 
 Amy Rice /s/ DAVID F. WELCH, PH.D. Co-founder, Chief Innovation Officer and Director February 27, 2023 
 David F. Welch, Ph.D. 
 
 125 

<EX-10.13>
 2
 infn-12312022exhibit1013.htm
 EX-10.13

Document 

INFINERA CORPORATION 
 2016 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 NOTICE OF GRANT OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS 
 Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan will have the same defined meanings in this Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units (the Notice of Grant and the Global Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Grant (including any country-specific provisions set forth in the Appendix thereto) attached hereto as Exhibit A (together, the Agreement ). 
 Participant FIRST_NAME - MIDDLE_NAME - LAST_NAME - 

Address ADDRESS_LINE_1 - ADDRESS_LINE_2 - ADDRESS_LINE_3 - CITY - , STATE - ZIPCODE - COUNTRY - 
 
 Participant has been granted the right to receive an Award of Restricted Stock Units, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement, as follows 
 
 Grant Number RSU_NUMBER - Date of Grant RSU_DATE, Month DD, YYYY - Vesting Commencement Date VEST_BASE_DATE, Month DD, YYYY - Number of Restricted Stock Units TOTAL_SHARES_GRANTED, 999,999,999 - shares 
 
 Vesting Schedule 
 
 Subject to any acceleration provisions contained in the Plan or set forth below, the Restricted Stock Units will vest in accordance with the following schedule 
 
 Form of Global RSU Agreement 

SHARES VEST DATE SHARES_PERIOD1 - VEST_DATE_PERIOD1 - SHARES_PERIOD2 - VEST_DATE_PERIOD2 - SHARES_PERIOD3 - VEST_DATE_PERIOD3 - SHARES_PERIOD4 - VEST_DATE_PERIOD4 - SHARES_PERIOD5 - VEST_DATE_PERIOD5 - SHARES_PERIOD6 - VEST_DATE_PERIOD6 - SHARES_PERIOD7 - VEST_DATE_PERIOD7 - SHARES_PERIOD8 - VEST_DATE_PERIOD8 - SHARES_PERIOD9 - VEST_DATE_PERIOD9 - SHARES_PERIOD10 - VEST_DATE_PERIOD10 - 
 
 Except as otherwise set forth in Section 4 of the Global Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Grant, in the event Participant ceases to be an active Service Provider for any or no reason before Participant vests in the Restricted Stock Units, the Restricted Stock Units and Participant s right to acquire any Shares hereunder will immediately terminate. 
 Participant and the Company agree that this Award of Restricted Stock Units is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement. Participant has reviewed the Plan and this Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to accepting this Agreement and fully understands all provisions of the Plan and this Agreement. Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions relating to the Plan and Agreement. Participant further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the residence address indicated above. 
 
 Participant acknowledges and agrees that by receiving this Agreement, Participant has entered into a contract with the Company with respect to this Award of Restricted Stock Units. 
 INFINERA CORPORATION 
 Form of Global RSU Agreement - 2 - 

EXHIBIT A 
 GLOBAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT 
 
 1. Grant . The Company hereby grants to the Participant named in the Notice of Grant Participant under the Plan an Award of Restricted Stock Units, subject to all of the terms and conditions in this Agreement and the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 2. Company s Obligation to Pay . Each Restricted Stock Unit represents the right to receive one Share on the date it vests. Unless and until the Restricted Stock Units will have vested in the manner set forth in Section 3, Participant will have no right to payment of any such Shares. Prior to actual payment of Shares for any vested Restricted Stock Units, such Restricted Stock Units will represent an unsecured obligation of the Company, payable (if at all) only from the general assets of the Company. 
 3. Vesting Schedule . Except as provided in Section 4, and subject to Section 5, the Restricted Stock Units awarded by this Agreement will vest in accordance with the vesting provisions set forth in the Notice of Grant. Restricted Stock Units scheduled to vest on a certain date or upon the occurrence of a certain condition will not vest in Participant in accordance with any of the provisions of this Agreement, unless Participant will have been continuously an active Service Provider from the Date of Grant until the date such vesting occurs. 
 4. Acceleration . 
 (a) Administrator Discretion . The Administrator, in its discretion, may accelerate the vesting of the balance, or some lesser portion of the balance, of the unvested Restricted Stock Units at any time, subject to the terms of the Plan (including Section 5(c) of the Plan). If so accelerated, such Restricted Stock Units will be considered as having vested as of the date specified by the Administrator. If Participant is a U.S. taxpayer, the payment of Shares vesting pursuant to this Section 4 in all cases will be paid at a time and in a manner that is exempt from, or complies with, Section 409A. The immediately preceding sentence may be superseded in a future agreement or amendment to this Agreement only by direct and specific reference to such sentence. 
 (b) Acceleration Relating to Death or Disability . Without limiting the terms of Section 4(a), if Participant ceases to be a Service Provider by reason of Disability or Participant s death (except resulting from suicide), then the Restricted Stock Units that remain unvested as of the date Participant s status as a Service Provider terminated shall fully vest. 
 5. Forfeiture upon Termination of Status as a Service Provider . Notwithstanding any contrary provision of this Agreement, the balance of the Restricted Stock Units that have not vested as of the time of Participant s termination as a Service Provider for any or no reason and Participant s right to acquire any Shares hereunder will immediately terminate the Administrator shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when Participant ceases to be a Service Provider for purposes of the Restricted Stock Unit grant. 
 6. Payment after Vesting . 
 
 (a) Subject to Section 8, any Restricted Stock Units that vest will be paid to Participant (or, in the event of Participant s death, to his or her estate) in whole Shares, subject to satisfying any Tax Obligations (as defined below). Subject to the provisions of Section 6(b), such vested Restricted Stock Units shall be paid in Shares as soon as practicable after vesting, but in each such case within sixty (60) days following the vesting date. In no 
 Form of Global RSU Agreement (Ex. A) 

event will Participant be permitted, directly or indirectly, to specify the taxable year of the payment of any Shares underlying the Restricted Stock Units payable under this Agreement. 
 
 (b) The following provisions apply if Participant is a U.S. taxpayer 
 
 Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or this Agreement or any other agreement (whether entered into before, on or after the Date of Grant) to the contrary, if the vesting of the balance, or some lesser portion of the balance, of the Restricted Stock Units occurs in connection with Participant s termination as a Service Provider (provided that such termination is a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A, as determined by the Company), other than due to Participant s death, and if (x) Participant is a U.S. taxpayer and a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A at the time of such termination as a Service Provider and (y) the payment of such accelerated Restricted Stock Units will result in the imposition of additional tax under Section 409A if paid to Participant on or within the six (6) month period following Participant s termination as a Service Provider, then the payment of such accelerated Restricted Stock Units will not be made until the date six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of Participant s termination as a Service Provider, unless Participant dies following his or her termination as a Service Provider, in which case, the Restricted Stock Units will be paid out as described in Section 7 as soon as practicable following his or her death. 
 
 It is the intent of this Agreement that it and all payments and benefits to U.S. taxpayers hereunder be exempt from, or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A so that none of the Restricted Stock Units provided under this Agreement or Shares issuable thereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities and ambiguous terms herein will be interpreted to be so exempt or so comply. Each payment payable under this Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). However, in no event will the Company have any responsibility, liability or obligation to reimburse, indemnify or hold harmless Participant, for any taxes imposed or other costs incurred as a result of Section 409A. 
 
 7. Death of Participant . Any distribution or delivery to be made to Participant under this Agreement will, if Participant is then deceased, be made to the administrator or executor of Participant s estate. Any such transferee must furnish the Company with (a) written notice of his or her status as transferee, and (b) evidence satisfactory to the Company to establish the validity of the transfer and compliance with any laws or regulations pertaining to said transfer. 
 
 8. Tax Withholding . Participant acknowledges and agrees that no Shares will be issued to Participant unless and until satisfactory arrangements (as determined by the Administrator) will have been made by Participant with respect to the payment of Tax Obligations (as defined below) which the Company or its Parent or Subsidiary employing or retaining Participant (the Employer determines must be withheld with respect to these Restricted Stock Units or any Shares issuable upon vesting. For purposes of this Agreement, Tax Obligations means tax, social insurance and social security liability obligations and requirements in connection with this Award, including, without limitation, (i) all federal, state, and local income, employment and any other taxes (including Participant s U.S. Federal Insurance Contributions Act (FICA) obligation) that are required to be withheld by the Company (or Employer, as applicable), (ii) Participant s and, to the extent required by the Company (or Employer, as applicable), the Company s (or Employer s) fringe benefit tax liability, if any, associated with the grant, vesting, or settlement of this Award, or sale of Shares issued under this Award, and (iii) any other taxes or social insurance or social security liabilities or premium the responsibility for which Participant has, or has agreed to bear, with respect to this Award (or issuance of Shares or other consideration thereunder). Participant acknowledges and agrees that the ultimate liability for all Tax Obligations related to Participant s participation in the Plan is and remains Participant s responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the Company or the Employer, if any. Participant further acknowledges that the Company and or the Employer (1) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax Obligations in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such settlement and the receipt of any dividends and or any dividend equivalents and (2) do not commit to and are under no obligation to structure the terms of the Award or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or eliminate Participant s liability for Tax Obligations or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if Participant is subject to Tax Obligations in more than one jurisdiction, Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company and or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax Obligations in more than one jurisdiction. If Participant fails to make satisfactory arrangements for the payment of any Tax Obligations at the time any applicable Restricted Stock Units otherwise are scheduled to vest pursuant to the terms of this Agreement or the Plan or at the time any Tax Obligations related to Restricted Stock Units otherwise are due, Participant will permanently forfeit such Restricted Stock Units and any right to receive Shares hereunder, and the Restricted Stock Units will be returned to the Company at no cost to the Company. 
 
 Form of Global RSU Agreement (Ex. A) - 2 - 

Prior to any relevant taxable or tax withholding event, as applicable, Participant agrees to make adequate arrangements satisfactory to the Company and or the Employer to satisfy all Tax Obligations. In this regard, Participant authorizes the Company and or the Employer, or their respective agents, to satisfy the obligations with regard to all Tax Obligations by one or a combination of the following methods (1) withholding from the proceeds of the sale of Shares acquired at settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, either through a voluntary sale or through a mandatory sale arranged by the Company (on Participant s behalf pursuant to this authorization without further consent) (2) withholding from Participant s salary, wages or other cash compensation payable to Participant by the Company and or the Employer or (3) withholding in Shares acquired at vesting of the Restricted Stock Units. For Section 16 Officers (i.e., persons designated by the Company as being required to file Section 16 reports pursuant to Section 16 of the Exchange Act), the Company and or the Employer, or their respective agents, will satisfy the obligations by method (3) above, unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion. For employees who are not Section 16 Officers, the Company and or the Employer, or their respective agents, will generally satisfy the obligations by method (1) above unless otherwise determined by the Administrator. Employees who are not Section 16 Officers and who are resident in the United States may choose to satisfy their withholding obligations by method (2) above. 
 
 Alternatively, or in addition to the withholding methods above, if permissible under Applicable Laws, the Administrator, in its sole discretion and pursuant to such procedures as it may specify from time to time, may permit or require Participant to satisfy the Tax Obligations with respect to the Restricted Stock Units, in whole or in part (without limitation), by delivery of cash or check to the Company or the Employer. 
 
 The Company may withhold or account for Tax Obligations by considering statutory withholding rates or other applicable withholding rates, including up to maximum applicable rate in Participant s jurisdiction. In the event the application of the withholding rate determined by the Company leads to over-withholding, Participant may receive a refund of any over-withheld amount in cash (with no entitlement to the equivalent value in Shares) or, if not refunded, Participant may be able to seek a refund from the applicable tax authority. In the event of under-withholding by the Company or the Employer for any reason, Participant may be required to pay any additional Tax-Obligations directly to the applicable tax authority. If the obligation for Tax Obligations is satisfied by withholding in Shares, for tax purposes, Participant is deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Restricted Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Tax Obligations. 
 
 9. Rights as Stockholder . Neither Participant nor any person claiming under or through Participant will have any of the rights or privileges of a stockholder of the Company in respect of any Shares deliverable hereunder unless and until certificates representing such Shares (which may be in book entry form) will have been issued, recorded on the records of the Company or its transfer agents or registrars, and delivered to Participant (including through electronic delivery to a brokerage account). After such issuance, recordation and delivery, Participant will have all the rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to voting such Shares and receipt of dividends and distributions on such Shares. 
 10. Nature of Grant . In accepting the Award, Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees that 
 
 (a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time, to the extent permitted in the Plan 
 
 (b) the Award of Restricted Stock Units is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future awards of Restricted Stock Units, or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units even if Restricted Stock Units have been awarded in the past 
 
 (c) all decisions with respect to future awards, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company 
 (d) Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan 
 
 (e) the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares underlying the Restricted Stock Units, and the income from and value of same, are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation 
 
 (f) the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares underlying the Restricted Stock Units, and the income from and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for purposes including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal or end-of-service payments, bonuses, long-term service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments 
 
 Form of Global RSU Agreement (Ex. A) - 3 - 

(g) the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown, indeterminable and cannot be predicted with certainty 
 
 (h) no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from the forfeiture of the Restricted Stock Units or the Shares acquired at vesting if Participant ceases to be a Service Provider (for any reason whatsoever whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is employed or the terms of Participant s employment agreement, if any) 
 
 (i) for purposes of the Award of Restricted Stock Units, Participant s status as a Service Provider will be considered terminated when Participant is no longer actively providing services to the Company or a Parent or Subsidiary (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later to be found invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is employed or retained or the terms of Participant s employment or service agreement, if any), and unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or determined by the Company, Participant s right to vest in the Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, if any, will terminate as of such date and will not be extended by any notice period e.g. , Participant s period of service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of garden leave or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is employed or retained or the terms of Participant s employment or service agreement, if any) the Administrator shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when Participant is no longer actively providing services for purposes of the Award of Restricted Stock Units (including whether Participant may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence pursuant to Section 13 of the Plan and consistent with Applicable Laws) 
 
 (j) unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Company in its discretion, the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares underlying the Restricted Stock Units, and the income from and value of same, do not create any entitlement to have the Restricted Stock Units or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the Shares 
 
 (k) unless otherwise agreed with the Company, the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares underlying the Restricted Stock Units, and the income from and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, any services Participant may provide as a director of any Subsidiary and 
 
 (l) if Participant is providing services outside the United States 
 
 (A) the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares underlying the Restricted Stock Units, and the income from and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose and 
 
 (B) neither the Company, the Employer nor any Parent or Subsidiary shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between Participant s local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Restricted Stock Units or of any amounts due to Participant pursuant to the settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon settlement. 
 
 11. No Advice Regarding Grant . The Company is not providing any tax, legal, or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding Participant s participation in the Plan or his or her acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares. Participant should therefore consult with his or her own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding the U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. tax consequences of this investment and the transactions contemplated by the Agreement and all other aspects of Participant s participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 
 
 12. Data Privacy Information and Consent . In order to participate in the Plan, Participant will need to review the information provided in this Section 12 regarding the collection, processing and transfer of Personal Data (as defined below) and declare his or her consent to the processing and transfer of Personal Data as described below. 
 
 (a) Data Collection and Usage . The Company and the Employer collect, process and use certain personal information about Participant, including, but not limited to, Participant s name, home address, telephone number, email address, date of birth, social insurance number, passport or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company or any Parent or 
 Form of Global RSU Agreement (Ex. A) - 4 - 

Subsidiary, details of all Awards granted under the Plan or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Participant s favor Personal Data ), for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing the Plan. The legal basis, where required, for the processing of Personal Data is Participant s consent. 
 
 (b) Stock Plan Administration Service Provider . The Company transfers Personal Data to E TRADE Financial Services, Inc. and its affiliated companies, an independent service provider based in the United States, which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. The Company may select a different service provider or additional service providers and share Personal Data with such other provider serving in a similar manner. Participant may be asked to agree on separate terms and data processing practices with the service provider, with such agreement being a condition to the ability to participate in the Plan. 
 
 (c) International Data Transfer . The Company and some of its service providers are based in the United States. Participant s country or jurisdiction may have different data privacy laws and protections than the United States. The Company s legal basis for the transfer of Personal Data, where required, is Participant s consent. 
 
 (d) Data Retention . The Company will hold and use Personal Data only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage Participant s participation in the Plan, or as required to comply with legal or regulatory obligations, including under tax and security laws. When the Company no longer needs Personal Data, the Company will remove it from its systems. If the Company keeps Personal Data longer, it would be to satisfy legal or regulatory obligations and the Company s legal basis would be Participant s consent. 
 
 (d) Voluntariness and Consequences of Consent Denial or Withdrawal . Participation in the Plan is voluntary and Participant is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis. If Participant does not consent, or if Participant later seeks to revoke the consent, Participant s salary from or employment with the Employer will not be affected the only consequence of refusing or withdrawing consent is that the Company would not be able to grant Participant Restricted Stock Units under the Plan or other Awards or administer or maintain such Awards. 
 
 (e) Data Subject Rights . Participant may have a number of rights under data privacy laws in his or her jurisdiction. Subject to the conditions set out in Applicable Laws and depending on where Participant is based, such rights may include the right to (i) request access to or copies of Personal Data, (ii) rectify incorrect Personal Data, (iii) delete Personal Data, (iv) restrict the processing of Personal Data, (v) restrict the portability of Personal Data, (vi) lodge complaints with competent authorities, and or (vii) receive a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of Personal Data. To receive clarification regarding these rights or to exercise these rights, Participant can contact his or her local human resources representative. 
 
 13. No Guarantee of Continued Service . PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE VESTING OF THE RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS PURSUANT TO THE VESTING SCHEDULE HEREOF IS EARNED ONLY BY CONTINUING AS AN ACTIVE SERVICE PROVIDER, WHICH UNLESS OTHERWISE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW IS AT THE WILL OF THE COMPANY OR THE EMPLOYER (OR ANY PARENT OR SUBSIDIARY) AND NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING HIRED, BEING GRANTED THIS AWARD OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS OR ACQUIRING SHARES HEREUNDER. PARTICIPANT FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING SCHEDULE SET FORTH HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED ENGAGEMENT AS A SERVICE PROVIDER FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, ANY OTHER PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND WILL NOT INTERFERE IN ANY WAY WITH PARTICIPANT S RIGHT OR THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY OR THE EMPLOYER TO TERMINATE PARTICIPANT S RELATIONSHIP AS A SERVICE PROVIDER, SUBJECT TO APPLICABLE LAW, WHICH TERMINATION, UNLESS PROVIDED OTHERWISE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, MAY BE AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE. 
 14. Language . Participant acknowledges that Participant is proficient in the English language and understands the content of this Agreement and other Plan-related materials. If Participant has received this Agreement or any other document related to this Agreement and or the Plan translated into a language other than 
 Form of Global RSU Agreement (Ex. A) - 5 - 

English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 
 15. Address for Notices . Any notice to be given to the Company under the terms of this Agreement will be addressed to the Company at Infinera Corporation, Attn Stock Administration, 140 Caspian Court, Sunnyvale, CA 94089, or at such other address as the Company may hereafter designate in writing. 
 16. Grant is Not Transferable . Except to the limited extent provided in Section 7, this grant and the rights and privileges conferred hereby will not be transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated in any way (whether by operation of law or otherwise) and will not be subject to sale under execution, attachment or similar process. Upon any attempt to transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of this grant, or any right or privilege conferred hereby, or upon any attempted sale under any execution, attachment or similar process, this grant and the rights and privileges conferred hereby immediately will become null and void. 
 17. Binding Agreement . Subject to the limitation on the transferability of this grant contained herein, this Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto. 
 18. Additional Conditions to Issuance of Stock . If at any time the Company will determine, in its discretion, that the listing, registration, qualification or rule compliance of the Shares upon any securities exchange or under any U.S. federal, state, local or non-U.S. law, the tax code and related regulations or the rulings or regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC or any other governmental regulatory body or the clearance, consent or approval of the SEC or any other governmental regulatory authority is necessary or desirable as a condition to the issuance of Shares to Participant (or his or her estate) hereunder, such issuance will not occur unless and until such listing, registration, qualification, rule compliance, clearance, consent or approval will have been completed, effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Company. Where the Company determines that the delivery of the payment of any Shares will violate U.S. federal, state, local or non-U.S. securities laws or other applicable laws, the Company will defer delivery until the earliest date at which the Company reasonably anticipates that the delivery of Shares will no longer cause such violation. The Company will make all reasonable efforts to meet the requirements of any such U.S. federal, state, local or non-U.S. law or securities exchange and to obtain any such consent or approval of any such governmental authority or securities exchange. 
 19. Appendix . The Award of Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to any additional provisions set forth in the Appendix for Participant s country, if any. If Participant relocates to one of the countries included in the Appendix, the additional provisions for such country shall apply to Participant, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such provisions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons. The Appendix constitutes part of this Agreement. 
 20. Plan Governs . This Agreement is subject to all terms and provisions of the Plan. Subject to Section 20(c) of the Plan, in the event of a conflict between one or more provisions of this Agreement and one or more provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will govern. Capitalized terms used and not defined in this Agreement will have the meaning set forth in the Plan. 
 21. Administrator Authority . The Administrator will have the power to interpret the Plan and this Agreement and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any such rules (including, but not limited to, the determination of whether or not 
 Form of Global RSU Agreement (Ex. A) - 6 - 

any Restricted Stock Units have vested). All actions taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Administrator in good faith will be final and binding upon Participant, the Company and all other interested persons. No member of the Administrator will be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan or this Agreement. 
 22. Electronic Delivery and Participation . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to Restricted Stock Units awarded under this Agreement or future Restricted Stock Units or other Awards that may be granted under the Plan by electronic means or request Participant s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through any on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or another third party designated by the Company. 
 23. Captions . Captions provided herein are for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of this Agreement. 
 24. Agreement Severable . In the event that any provision in this Agreement will be held invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be severable from, and such invalidity or unenforceability will not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining provisions of this Agreement. 
 25. Modifications to the Agreement . This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding of the parties on the subjects covered. Participant expressly warrants that he or she is not accepting this Agreement in reliance on any promises, representations, or inducements other than those contained herein. Modifications to this Agreement or the Plan can be made only in an express written contract executed by a duly authorized officer of the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or this Agreement, the Company reserves the right to revise this Agreement as it deems necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion and without the consent of Participant, to comply with Section 409A or to otherwise avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition under Section 409A in connection to this Award of Restricted Stock Units. 
 26. Amendment, Suspension or Termination of the Plan . By accepting this Award, Participant expressly warrants that he or she has received an Award of Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, and has received, read and understood a description of the Plan. Participant understands that the Plan is discretionary in nature and may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time. 
 27. Governing Law and Venue . This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to the conflict of law principles thereof. For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises under this Award of Restricted Stock Units or this Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the jurisdiction of the State of California , and agree that such litigation shall be conducted in the courts of Santa Clara County, California , or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California, and no other courts, where this Award of Restricted Stock Units is made and or to be performed. 
 28. Imposition of Other Requirements . The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on Participant s participation in the Plan, on the Restricted Stock Units and on any Shares underlying the Restricted Stock Units, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable for legal and administrative reasons and to require Participant to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 
 Form of Global RSU Agreement (Ex. A) - 7 - 

29. Waiver . Participant acknowledges that a waiver by the Company of breach of any provision of this Agreement shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement, or of any subsequent breach by Participant or any other participant. 
 30. Successors and Assigns . The Company may assign any of its rights under the Agreement to single or multiple assignees, and this Agreement will inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer herein set forth, this Agreement will be binding upon Participant and his or her heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns. The rights and obligations of Participant under this Agreement may be assigned only with the prior written consent of the Company. 
 31. Insider-Trading Market-Abuse Laws . Participant acknowledges that he or she may be subject to insider-trading and or market-abuse laws in applicable jurisdictions, including but not limited to the United States and Participant s country, which may affect his or her ability to purchase or sell Shares acquired under the Plan during such times as Participant is considered to have inside information regarding the Company (as defined by the laws in applicable jurisdictions). Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders Participant places before possessing inside information. Furthermore, Participant could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party (other than on a need to know basis) and (ii) tipping third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities. Third parties include fellow employees. Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable Company insider-trading policy. Participant is responsible for complying with any applicable restrictions, so Participant should speak to his or her personal legal advisor for further details regarding any applicable insider-trading and or market-abuse laws in applicable jurisdictions. 
 32. Foreign Asset Account Reporting and Exchange Control Requirements . Participant acknowledges that there may be certain foreign asset and or account reporting and or exchange control requirements which may affect his or her ability to acquire or hold the Shares acquired under the Plan or cash received from participating in the Plan (including from any dividends paid on the Shares acquired under the Plan) in a brokerage or bank account outside his or her country. Participant may be required to report such accounts, assets or transactions to the tax or other authorities in his or her country. Participant also may be required to repatriate sale proceeds or other funds received as a result of participating in the Plan to his or her country through a designated bank or broker within a certain time after receipt. Participant acknowledges that it is his or her responsibility to be compliant with such regulations, and Participant should speak to his or her personal advisor on this matter. 
 
 Form of Global RSU Agreement (Ex. A) - 8 - 

APPENDIX TO 
 INFINERA CORPORATION 
 2016 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 GLOBAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT 

Certain capitalized terms used but not defined in this Appendix have the meanings set forth in the Plan and the Agreement. 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 This Appendix includes additional terms and conditions that govern the Award of Restricted Stock Units granted to Participant under the Plan if Participant resides and or works in one of the countries listed below. 
 
 If Participant is a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which Participant is currently residing and or working, transfers employment and or residency after the Restricted Stock Units are granted, or is considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the terms and conditions of the Restricted Stock Units contained herein may not be applicable to Participant, and the Company shall, in its discretion, determine to what extent the terms and conditions contained herein shall apply to Participant. 
 
 Notifications 
 
 This Appendix also includes information regarding exchange controls and certain other issues of which Participant should be aware with respect to his or her participation in the Plan. The information is based on the securities, exchange control and other laws in effect in the respective countries as of March 2022. Such laws are often complex and change frequently. As a result, the Company strongly recommends that Participant not rely on the information in this Appendix as the only source of information relating to the consequences of Participant s participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time the Restricted Stock Units vest and Shares are issued to Participant or Participant sells the Shares acquired upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units under the Plan. 
 
 In addition, the information contained herein is general in nature and may not apply to Participant s particular situation, and the Company is not in a position to assure Participant of a particular result. Accordingly, Participant should seek appropriate professional advice as to how the relevant laws in Participant s country may apply to his or her situation. 
 
 Finally, if Participant is a citizen or resident of a country other than the one in which he or she is currently residing and or working, transfers employment and or residency after the Restricted Stock Units are granted, or is considered a resident of another country for local law purposes, the information contained herein may not be applicable to Participant. 
 
 ARGENTINA 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Securities Law Information . Neither the Restricted Stock Units nor the Shares are publicly offered or listed on any stock exchange in Argentina. The offer is private and not subject to the supervision of any Argentine governmental authority. 
 
 Exchange Control Information . Exchange control regulations in Argentina are subject to frequent change. Participant should consult with his or her personal legal advisor regarding any exchange control obligations Participant may have in connection with participation in the Plan. 
 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . If Participant holds Shares (acquired upon vesting of the Restricted Stock Units or otherwise) as of December 31, Participant is required to report certain information regarding the Shares on his or her annual tax return. In addition, when Participant acquires, sells, transfers or otherwise disposes of Shares, Participant must register the transaction with the Federal Tax Administration. 

Form of Global RSU Agreement (Appendix) - 1 - 

AUSTRALIA 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 Australia Offer Document . The Company is pleased to provide Participant with this offer to participate in the Plan. This offer sets out information regarding the grant of Restricted Stock Units to Australian resident employees of the Company and any Parent or Subsidiaries. This information is provided by the Company to ensure compliance of the Plan with Australian Securities and Investments Commission ASIC Class Order 14 1000 and relevant provisions of the Corporations Act 2001. 
 
 In addition to the information set out in the Agreement and the Appendix, Participant is also being provided with copies of the following documents 
 
 (a) the Plan 
 (b) the Plan prospectus and 
 (c) Employee Information Supplement (collectively, the Additional Documents ). 
 The Additional Documents provide further information to help Participant make an informed investment decision about participating in the Plan. Neither the Plan nor the Plan prospectus is a prospectus for the purposes of the Corporations Act 2001. 
 
 Participant should not rely upon any oral statements made in relation to this offer. Participant should rely only upon the statements contained in the Agreement, including the Appendix, and the Additional Documents when considering participation in the Plan. 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Tax Information . The Plan is a plan to which Subdivision 83A-C of the Income Tax Assessment Act 1997 (Cth) applies (subject to conditions in the Act). 
 
 Securities Law Information . Investment in Shares involves a degree of risk. Eligible employees who elect to participate in the Plan should monitor their participation and consider all risk factors relevant to the acquisition of Shares under the Plan as set forth below and in the Additional Documents. 
 
 The information herein is general information only. It is not advice or information that takes into account Participant s objectives, financial situation and needs. Participant should consider obtaining his or her own financial product advice from a person who is licensed by ASIC to give such advice. 
 
 Additional Risk Factors for Australian Residents . Participant should have regard to risk factors relevant to investment in securities generally and, in particular, to holding Shares. For example, the price at which an individual Share is quoted on the Nasdaq Global Select Market Nasdaq may increase or decrease due to a number of factors. There is no guarantee that the price of a Share will increase. Factors that may affect the price of an individual Share include fluctuations in the domestic and international market for listed stocks, general economic conditions, including interest rates, inflation rates, commodity and oil prices, changes to government fiscal, monetary or regulatory policies, legislation or regulation, the nature of the markets in which the Company operates and general operational and business risks. 
 
 More information about potential factors that could affect the Company s business and financial results will be included in the Company s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Copies of these reports are available at www.sec.gov, on the Company s investor s page at investors.infinera.com, and upon request to the Company. 
 
 In addition, Participant should be aware that the Australian dollar AUD value of any Shares acquired under the Plan will be affected by the USD AUD exchange rate. Participation in the Plan involves certain risks related to fluctuations in this rate of exchange. 
 
 Form of Global RSU Agreement (Appendix) - 2 - 

Common Stock in a U.S. Corporation . Common stock of a U.S. corporation is analogous to ordinary shares of an Australian corporation. Each holder of a Share is entitled to one vote. Dividends may be paid on the Shares out of any funds of the Company legally available for dividends at the discretion of the Board. Further, Shares are not liable to any further calls for payment of capital or for other assessment by the Company and have no sinking fund provisions, pre-emptive rights, conversion rights or redemption provisions. 
 
 Ascertaining the Market Price of Shares . Participant may ascertain the current market price of an individual Share as traded on the Nasdaq under the symbol INFN at www.nasdaq.com market-activity stocks infn real-time. The AUD equivalent of that price can be obtained at www.rba.gov.au statistics frequency exchange-rates.html. Please note that this is not a prediction of what the market price of the Shares will be on any applicable vesting date or when Shares are issued to Participant (or at any other time), or of the applicable exchange rate at such time. 
 
 BELGIUM 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . Belgian residents are required to report any securities e.g. , Shares acquired under the Plan) or bank account established outside of Belgium on his or her annual tax return. 
 
 Exchange Control Information . Belgian residents are also required to complete a separate report providing the Central Contact Point of the National Bank of Belgium with details regarding any such account, including the account number, the name of the bank in which such account is held and the country in which such account is located the first time they report the foreign security and or bank account on their annual tax returns. This report, as well as additional information on how to complete it, can be found on the website of the National Bank of Belgium, www.nbb.be, under Kredietcentrales Centrales des cr dits caption. Belgian residents should consult with their personal advisors to ensure compliance with applicable reporting obligations. 
 
 Stock Exchange Tax . A stock exchange tax may apply to transactions under the Plan, such as the sale of Shares acquired under the Plan. Participant should consult with his or her personal tax advisor for details regarding Participant s obligations with respect to the stock exchange tax. 
 
 Annual Securities Accounts Tax . An annual securities accounts tax may be payable if the total value of securities held in a Belgian or foreign securities account e.g. , Shares acquired under the Plan) exceeds a certain threshold on four reference dates within the relevant reporting period i.e. , December 31, March 31, June 30 and September 30). In such case, the tax will be due on the value of the qualifying securities held in such account. 

BRAZIL 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 Compliance with Law . By accepting the Restricted Stock Units, Participant acknowledges that he or she agrees to comply with applicable Brazilian laws and to pay any and all applicable taxes associated with the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, the sale of the Shares acquired pursuant thereto and the receipt of any dividends paid on such Shares. 
 
 Nature of Grant . The following provision supplements Section 10 of the Agreement 
 
 By accepting the Restricted Stock Units, Participant agrees that Participant is (i) making an investment decision, and (ii) the value of the underlying Shares is not fixed and may increase or decrease over the vesting period without compensation to Participant. 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Exchange Control Information . Participant may be required to submit a declaration of assets and rights held outside Brazil to the Central Bank of Brazil. If the aggregate value of such assets and rights exceeds US 1,000,000 on December 31, the declaration is required on an annual basis. If the aggregate value of such assets 
 Form of Global RSU Agreement (Appendix) - 3 - 

and rights exceeds US 100,000,000 at the end of each quarter, the declaration is required on a quarterly basis. Assets and rights that must be reported include Shares acquired under the Plan. 
 
 Tax on Financial Transactions (IOF) . Payments to foreign countries and repatriation of funds into Brazil (including proceeds from the sale of Shares) and the conversion of USD into BRL associated with such fund transfers may be subject to the Tax on Financial Transactions. It is Participant's responsibility to comply with any applicable Tax on Financial Transactions arising from Participant's participation in the Plan. Participant should consult with his her personal tax advisor for additional details. 
 
 CANADA 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 Payment After Vesting . The following provision supplements Section 6 of the Agreement 
 
 The Restricted Stock Units do not provide any right for Participant to receive a cash payment and the Restricted Stock Units will be settled in Shares only. 
 
 Cessation as a Service Provider . The following provision replaces Section 10(i) of the Agreement 
 
 For purposes of the Award of Restricted Stock Units, Participant s status as a Service Provider will be considered terminated at the earliest of (i) the date Participant s employment with the Company or the Employer is terminated (ii) the date Participant receives written notice of termination of employment from the Company or the Employer and (iii) the date Participant is no longer actively providing services to the Company or a Parent or Subsidiary. In any case, Participant s period of employment for purposes of the Award shall exclude any period during which notice, pay in lieu of notice or related payments or damages are provided or required to be provided under applicable employment standards legislation. For greater certainty, Participant will not be entitled to any pro-rated vesting under the Plan for that portion of time before the date on which Participant s employment terminates, as described above, nor will Participant be entitled to any compensation for the lost vesting. In the event the date of termination of Participant s employment for purposes of the Plan cannot be reasonably determined under the terms of the Agreement and or the Plan, the Administrator shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when such date occurs for purposes of participation in the Plan. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if applicable employment standards legislation explicitly requires continued entitlement to vesting during a statutory notice period, Participant's right to vest in the Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, if any, will terminate effective as of the last day of Participant's minimum statutory notice period, but Participant will not earn or be entitled to pro-rated vesting if the vesting date falls after the end of Participant's statutory notice period, nor will Participant be entitled to any compensation for lost vesting. 
 
 THE FOLLOWING PROVISIONS WILL APPLY IF PARTICIPANT IS A RESIDENT OF QUEBEC 
 
 Language Consent . The parties acknowledge that it is their express wish that the Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. 
 
 Consentement Relatif la Langue . Les parties reconnaissent avoir exig la r daction en anglais de cette convention, ainsi que de tous documents, avis et proc dures judiciaires, ex cut s, donn s ou intent s en vertu de, ou li s directement ou indirectement , la pr sente convention. 
 
 Data Privacy . The following provisions supplement Section 12 of the Agreement 
 
 Participant hereby authorizes the Company and the Company s representatives to discuss with and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or not, involved in the administration and operation of the Plan for purposes that relate to the administration of the Plan. Participant further authorizes the Company, the Employer (or any Parent or a Subsidiary) and the Administrator to disclose and discuss the Plan with their advisors. Participant acknowledges and agrees that his or her personal information, including any sensitive personal information, may be transferred or disclosed outside of the province of Quebec, including to the U.S. Participant further authorizes the Company, the Employer (or any Parent or a Subsidiary) to record such information and to keep such information in Participant s employee file. If applicable, Participant also acknowledges and authorizes 
 Form of Global RSU Agreement (Appendix) - 4 - 

the Company, the Employer (or any Parent or Subsidiary) involved in the administration of the Plan to use technology for profiling purposes and to make automated decisions that may have an impact on Participant or the administration of the Plan. 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Securities Law Information . Participant is permitted to sell Shares acquired under the Plan through the designated broker appointed under the Plan, if any, provided the sale of the Shares takes place outside of Canada through the facilities of a stock exchange on which the Shares are listed i.e. , the NASDAQ Global Select Market). 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . Canadian residents are required to report any foreign property on form T1135 (Foreign Income Verification Statement) if the total cost of the foreign specified property exceeds C 100,000 at any time in the year. Foreign property includes Shares acquired under the Plan, and may include the Restricted Stock Units. The Restricted Stock Units must be reported (generally at a nil cost) if the C 100,000 cost threshold is exceeded because of other foreign property Participant holds. If Shares are acquired, their cost generally is the adjusted cost base ACB of the Shares. The ACB ordinarily would equal the fair market value of the Shares at the time of acquisition, but if Participant owns other Shares, this ACB may have to be averaged with the ACB of the other Shares. The form must be filed by April 30 of the following year. Participant should consult with his or her personal legal advisor to ensure compliance with applicable reporting obligations. 
 
 COLOMBIA 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 Nature of Grant . The following provision supplements Section 10 of the Agreement 
 
 Pursuant to Article 128 of the Colombian Labor Code, amended by Article 15 Law 50, 1990, the Plan and related benefits do not constitute a component of salary for any legal purpose. Therefore, the Restricted Stock Units and related benefits will not be included and or considered for purposes of calculating any and all labor benefits, such as legal fringe benefits, vacations, indemnities, payroll taxes, social insurance contributions and or any other labor-related amount which may be payable. 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Securities Law Information . The Shares are not and will not be registered in the Colombian registry of publicly traded securities Registro Nacional de Valores y Emisores and, therefore, the Shares may not be offered to the public in Colombia. Nothing in the Plan, the Agreement or this Appendix or any other document evidencing the grant of the Restricted Stock Units shall be construed as the making of a public offer of securities in Colombia. 
 
 Exchange Control Information . Participant is responsible for complying with any and all Colombian foreign exchange restrictions, approvals and reporting requirements in connection with the Restricted Stock Units and any Shares acquired or funds received under the Plan. This includes reporting obligations to the Central Bank Banco de la Rep blica ). Participant will be required to register his or her investment in Shares with the Central Bank, regardless of the value of his or her investment, by filing Central Bank s Form No. 11 at any time before disposing of the Shares. 
 
 Foreign Asset Account Tax Reporting Information . Participant must file an annual informative return with the Colombian Tax Office detailing any assets held abroad, which includes any Shares acquired under the Plan (for every year Participant holds the Shares). 
 
 Form of Global RSU Agreement (Appendix) - 5 - 

DENMARK 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 Stock Option Act . Participant acknowledges that he or she has received an Employer Statement in Danish (attached at the end of this section) which sets forth additional information about the Restricted Stock Units, to the extent that the Danish Stock Option Act, as amended as of January 1, 2019, applies to the Restricted Stock Units. 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . If Participant establishes an account holding Shares or cash outside of Denmark, Participant must report the account to the Danish Tax Administration. The form which should be used in this respect can be obtained from a local bank. 
 
 Form of Global RSU Agreement (Appendix) - 6 - 

SPECIAL NOTICE FOR EMPLOYEES IN DENMARK 
 EMPLOYER STATEMENT 
 
 Pursuant to Section 3(1) of the Act on Stock Options in employment relations (the Stock Option Act ), you are entitled to receive the following information regarding participation in the Infinera Corporation Infinera 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan in a written statement. 
 
 This statement generally contains only the information mentioned in the Stock Option Act, while the other terms and conditions of your grant of restricted stock units RSUs are described in detail in the Plan, the Global Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Units, including the Appendix (the Agreement and the Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Units (the Notice ), which have been made available to you. In the event of a conflict between a provision contained in this Employer Statement and provisions contained in the Plan, Agreement or Notice, this Employer Statement shall prevail. 
 
 1. Date of Grant 
 The date of grant of your RSUs is the date that the Administrator (as defined in the Plan) approved a grant for you and determined it would be effective, which is set forth in the Agreement. 
 
 2. Terms and Conditions of the RSU Grant 
 The grant of RSUs under the Plan is made at the sole discretion of the Administrator. Employees and Consultants (as defined in the Plan) of Infinera and its Parents or Subsidiaries (as defined in the Plan) are eligible to participate in the Plan. 
 
 3. Vesting Date of RSUs 
 Your award shall vest over a period time, provided you remain employed by or in the service of Infinera or a Subsidiary, unless your award has vested or has terminated earlier for the reasons set forth in the Plan. 
 
 4. Exercise Price 
 There is no exercise price associated with the RSUs. Each RSU entitles you to receive one share of Infinera common stock after the RSUs have vested without any cost to you or other payment required from you (other than applicable taxes). 
 
 5. Your Rights Upon Termination of Your Service Provider Status 
 The treatment of your RSUs upon termination of your Service Provider status will be determined in accordance with the termination provisions in the Agreement, which are summarized immediately below. In the event of a conflict between the terms of the Agreement and the summary below, the terms set forth in the Agreement will govern the RSUs. 
 
 Unless otherwise noted below, if you terminate as a Service Provider, all your RSUs that have not satisfied the vesting condition will be cancelled and forfeited. If you terminate as a Service Provider due to death or Disability (as defined in the Plan), your RSUs will accelerate and vest in full. 
 
 6. Financial Aspects of Participating in the Plan 
 The grant of RSUs has no immediate financial consequences for you. The value of the RSUs is not taken into account when calculating holiday allowances, pension contributions or other statutory consideration calculated on the basis of salary. 
 
 Shares of stock are financial instruments and investing in stock will always have financial risk. The future value of Infinera s shares is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty. 
 
 Infinera Corporation 
 140 Caspian Court, Sunnyvale, California 94089 U.S. 
 
 Form of Global RSU Agreement (Appendix) - 7 - 

S RLIG MEDDELELSE TIL MEDARBEJDERE I DANMARK 
 ARBEJDSGIVERERKL RING 
 
 I henhold til 3, stk. 1, i lov om brug af k beret eller tegningsret mv. i ans ttelsesforhold Aktieoptionsloven er du berettiget til i en skriftlig erkl ring at modtage f lgende oplysninger om deltagelse i Infinera Corporation Infinera 2016 Equity Incentive Plan Planen ). 
 
 Denne erkl ring indeholder generelt kun de oplysninger, der er n vnt i Aktieoptionsloven, medens de vrige kriterier og betingelser for din tildeling af begr nsede aktier Restricted Stock Units eller RSUer er beskrevet n rmere i Planen, i Global Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Units , inkl. bilag Aftalen og i Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Meddelelsen ), som er udleveret til dig. I tilf lde af uoverensstemmelser mellem en bestemmelse i denne Arbejdsgivererkl ring og bestemmelserne i Planen, Aftalen eller Meddelelsen har denne Arbejdsgivererkl ring forrang. 
 
 1. Tidspunkt for tildeling 
 Tidspunktet for tildelingen af dine RSUer er den dag, hvor Administratoren Administrator (som defineret i Planen) godkendte din tildeling og besluttede, at den skulle tr de i kraft. Tidspunktet fremg r af Aftalen. 
 
 2. Kriterier og betingelser for RSU-tildelingen 
 Tildelingen af RSUer i henhold til Planen sker alene efter Administrators eget sk n. Medarbejdere Employees og Konsulenter (Consultants) (som defineret i Planen) i Infinera og dettes Moderselskaber Parents og Datterselskaber Subsidiaries (som defineret i Planen) kan deltage i Planen. 
 
 3. Modningstidspunkt for RSUerne 
 Dine betingede aktieoptioner modnes over en periode, forudsat at du fortsat er ansat i eller arbejder for Selskabet eller en tilknyttet virksomhed, medmindre optionen er modnet eller bortfaldet p et tidligere tidspunkt af de i Ordningen anf rte rsager. 
 
 4. Udnyttelseskurs 
 Der er ikke knyttet nogen udnyttelseskurs til RSUerne. Hver RSU giver dig i forbindelse med deres modning ret til at modtage n ordin r aktie i Selskabet, uden at det koster dig noget (bortset fra g ldende skatter og afgifter). 
 
 5. Din retsstilling i forbindelse med oph r af din Ans ttelsesstatus 
 Dine RSUer vil i tilf lde af oph r af din Ans ttelsesstatus blive behandlet i overensstemmelse med oph rsbestemmelserne i Aftalen, som er kort beskrevet umiddelbart nedenfor. S fremt der skulle v re uoverensstemmelse mellem bestemmelserne i Aftalen og beskrivelsen nedenfor, vil det v re bestemmelserne i Aftalen, der er g ldende for RSUerne. 
 
 I tilf lde af oph r af din Ans ttelsesstatus, og medmindre andet fremg r nedenfor, vil alle dine RSUer, der ikke har opfyldt modningsbetingelsen, blive annulleret eller bortfalde. Hvis oph ret af din Ans ttelsesstatus skyldes d dsfald eller Invaliditet Disability (som defineret i Planen), vil dine RSUer blive modnet fuldt ud med omg ende virkning. 
 
 6. konomiske aspekter ved at deltage i Planen 
 Tildelingen af RSUer har ingen umiddelbare konomiske konsekvenser for dig. V rdien af RSUerne indg r ikke i beregningen af feriepenge, pensionsbidrag eller andre lovpligtige, vederlagsafh ngige ydelser. 
 
 Aktier er finansielle instrumenter, og investering i aktier vil altid v re forbundet med en konomisk risiko. Den fremtidige v rdi af Infinera aktier kendes ikke og kan ikke forudsiges med sikkerhed. 
 
 Infinera Corporation 
 140 Caspian Court, Sunnyvale, California 94089 U.S. 
 
 Form of Global RSU Agreement (Appendix) - 8 - 

EGYPT 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Exchange Control Information . If Participant transfers funds into Egypt in connection with the Restricted Stock Units, Participant will be required to transfer the funds through a registered bank in Egypt. 
 
 FINLAND 
 
 There are no country-specific provisions. 
 
 FRANCE 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 Language Consent . By accepting the Award of Restricted Stock Units, Participant confirms having read and understood the documents relating to the grant (the Plan, the Agreement and this Appendix) which were provided in English language. Participant accepts the terms of those documents accordingly. 
 
 Consentement Relatif la Langue . En acceptant l attribution, vous confirmez ainsi avoir lu et compris les documents relatifs cette attribution (le Plan, le contrat et cette Annexe) qui ont t communiqu s en langue anglaise. Vous acceptez les termes en connaissance de cause. 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Tax Information . The Restricted Stock Units are not granted under the specific tax and social security regime under Sections L. 225-197-1 to L. 225-197-5 and Sections L. 22-10-59 to L. 22-10-60 of the French Commercial Code, as amended. 
 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . French residents holding Shares or maintaining a bank account outside France are required to report such to the French tax authorities when filing their annual tax returns. 
 
 GERMANY 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Exchange Control Information . Cross-border payments in excess of 12,500 must be reported monthly to the German Federal Bank. In case of payments in connection with securities (including proceeds realized upon the sale of Shares or from the receipt of any dividends paid on such Shares), the report must be made by the fifth day of the month following the month in which the payment was received. The report must be filed electronically. The form of report Allgemeine Meldeportal Statistik can be accessed via the Bundesbank s website (www.bundesbank.de) and is available in both German and English. Participant is responsible for complying with applicable reporting requirements. 
 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . If the acquisition of Shares under the Plan leads to a qualified participation at any point during the calendar year, Participant will need to report the acquisition when Participant files his or her tax return for the relevant year. A qualified participation is attained if (i) the value of the Shares acquired exceeds EUR 150,000 or (ii) in the unlikely event Participant holds Shares exceeding 10 of the total Common Stock. However, given the Shares are listed on a recognized U.S. stock exchange, this requirement will not apply as long as Participant owns less than 1 of the total Common Stock. 
 
 GREECE 
 
 There are no country-specific provisions. 
 
 HONG KONG 
 Form of Global RSU Agreement (Appendix) - 9 - 

Terms and Conditions 
 
 Payment After Vesting . The following provision supplements Section 6 of the Agreement 
 
 The Restricted Stock Units do not provide any right for Participant to receive a cash payment and the Restricted Stock Units will be settled in Shares only. 
 
 Transfer Restriction . Notwithstanding anything contrary in the Agreement or the Plan, in the event Participant s Restricted Stock Units vest such that Shares are issued to Participant or his or her estate within six months of the Date of Grant, Participant agrees that Participant or his or her estate will not dispose of or transfer any Shares acquired prior to the six-month anniversary of the Date of Grant. 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Securities Law Information . WARNING The Award of Restricted Stock Units and the issuance of Shares at vesting of the Restricted Stock Units do not constitute a public offer of securities under Hong Kong law and are available only to employees of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiaries. The Agreement, the Plan, and other incidental communication materials that Participant may receive have not been prepared in accordance with and are not intended to constitute a prospectus for a public offering of securities under applicable securities laws in Hong Kong. Furthermore, none of the documents relating to the Plan have been reviewed by any regulatory authority in Hong Kong. The Award of Restricted Stock Units is intended only for the personal use of each eligible employee of the Employer, the Company and any Parent or Subsidiary and may not be distributed to any other person. Participant should exercise caution in relation to the offer. If Participant is in any doubt about any of the contents of the Agreement, the Plan or any other communication materials, Participant should obtain independent professional advice. 
 
 INDIA 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Exchange Control Information . Participant must repatriate the proceeds from the sale of Shares and any dividends received in relation to the Shares to India within a certain number of days after receipt. Participant must maintain the foreign inward remittance certificate received from the bank where the foreign currency is deposited in the event that the Reserve Bank of India or the Employer requests proof of repatriation. It is Participant s responsibility to comply with applicable exchange control laws in India. 
 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . Indian residents are required to declare the following items in their annual tax return (i) any foreign assets held by them (including Shares acquired under the Plan), and (ii) any foreign bank accounts for which they have signing authority. It is Participant s responsibility to comply with applicable foreign asset tax laws in India and Participant should consult with his or her personal tax advisor to ensure that Participant is properly reporting his or her foreign assets and bank accounts. 
 
 IRELAND 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Director Notification Obligation . Directors, shadow directors or secretaries of an Irish Subsidiary, whose interests in the Company represent more than 1 of the Company s voting share capital, must notify the Irish Subsidiary, as applicable, in writing when (i) receiving or disposing of an interest in the Company e.g ., Restricted Stock Units, Shares, etc.), (ii) becoming aware of the event giving rise to the notification requirement, or (iii) becoming a director or secretary if such an interest exists at the time. This notification requirement also applies with respect to the interests of a spouse or minor children of such individuals (whose interests will be attributed to the director, shadow director or secretary). 
 
 ITALY 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 Form of Global RSU Agreement (Appendix) - 10 - 

Plan Document Acknowledgement . Participant acknowledges that Participant has read and specifically and expressly approves of the following sections of the Agreement the Notice of Grant Section 1 Grant Section 2 Company s Obligation to Pay Section 3 Vesting Schedule Section 4 Acceleration Section 5 Forfeiture upon Termination of Status as Service Provider Section 6 Payment after Vesting Section 7 Death of Participant Section 8 Tax Withholding Section 9 Rights as Stockholder Section 10 Nature of Grant Section 11 No Advice Regarding Grant Section 13 No Guarantee of Continued Service Section 14 Language Section 16 Grant is Not Transferable Section 17 Binding Agreement Section 18 Additional Conditions to Issuance of Stock Section 19 Appendix Section 20 Plan Governs Section 21 Administrator Authority Section 22 Electronic Delivery and Participation Section 24 Agreement Severable Section 25 Modifications to the Agreement Section 26 Amendment, Suspension or Termination of the Plan Section 27 Governing Law and Venue Section 28 Imposition of Other Requirements, and Section 29 Waiver. 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . Italian residents who at any time during the fiscal year hold foreign financial assets (including cash and Shares) which may generate income taxable in Italy are required to report them on their annual tax returns (Form UNICO, Schedule RW) or on a special form if no tax return is required. These reporting obligations will also apply to Italian residents who are the beneficial owners of foreign financial assets under Italian money laundering provisions. 
 
 Foreign Asset Tax Information . The value of financial assets held outside of Italy by individuals residents of Italy is subject to a foreign asset tax, at an annual rate of 2 per thousand (0.2 ). The taxable amount will be the fair market value of the financial assets (including Shares acquired under the Plan) assessed at the end of the calendar year. No tax payment duties arise if the amount of the foreign financial assets tax calculated on all financial assets held abroad does not exceed 12. 
 
 JAPAN 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . Japanese residents holding assets outside Japan e.g. , Shares acquired under the Plan) with a value exceeding 50,000,000 (as of December 31 each year) are required to comply with annual tax reporting obligations with respect to such assets. Participant should consult with a personal tax advisor in Japan to ensure that Participant is properly complying with these obligations. 
 
 LUXEMBOURG 
 
 There are no country-specific provisions. 
 
 MEXICO 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 Acknowledgement of the Agreement . By accepting the Restricted Stock Units, Participant acknowledges that he or she has received a copy of the Plan and the Agreement, including this Appendix, which he or she has reviewed. Participant further acknowledges that he or she accepts all the provisions of the Plan and the Agreement, including this Appendix. Participant also acknowledges that he or she has read and specifically and expressly approves the terms and conditions set forth in the Nature of Grant section of the Agreement, which clearly provide as follows 
 
 (1) Participant s participation in the Plan does not constitute an acquired right 
 (2) The Plan and Participant s participation in it are offered by the Company on a wholly discretionary basis 
 (3) Participant s participation in the Plan is voluntary and 
 (4) The Company and any of its Parent and Subsidiaries are not responsible for any decrease in the value of any Shares acquired under the Plan. 
 Form of Global RSU Agreement (Appendix) - 11 - 

Labor Law Acknowledgement and Policy Statement . By accepting the Restricted Stock Units, Participant acknowledges that the Company, with registered offices at 140 Caspian Court, Sunnyvale, CA 94089, U.S.A., is solely responsible for the administration of the Plan. Participant further acknowledges that his or her participation in the Plan, the grant of Restricted Stock Units and any acquisition of Shares under the Plan do not constitute an employment relationship between Participant and the Company because Participant is participating in the Plan on a wholly commercial basis. Based on the foregoing, Participant expressly acknowledges that the Plan and the benefits that he or she may derive from participation in the Plan do not establish any rights between Participant and the Employer and do not form part of the employment conditions and or benefits provided by the Employer, and any modification of the Plan or its termination shall not constitute a change or impairment of the terms and conditions of Participant s employment. 
 
 Participant further understands that his or her participation in the Plan is the result of a unilateral and discretionary decision of the Company and, therefore, the Company reserves the absolute right to amend and or discontinue Participant s participation in the Plan at any time, without any liability to Participant. 
 
 Finally, Participant hereby declares that he or she does not reserve to him- or herself any action or right to bring any claim against the Company for any compensation or damages regarding any provision of the Plan or the benefits derived under the Plan, and that he or she therefore grants a full and broad release to the Company, its Parent, Subsidiaries, branches, representation offices, stockholders, officers, agents or legal representatives, with respect to any claim that may arise. 
 
 Spanish Translation 
 Reconocimiento del Convenio de Concesi n . Al aceptar las Unidades de Acciones Restringidas Unidades ), el Beneficiario reconoce que ha recibido y revisado una copia del Plan y del Convenio de Concesi n, incluyendo este Ap ndice. El Beneficiario reconoce y acepta todas las disposiciones del Plan y del Convenio de Concesi n, incluyendo el ap ndice. El Beneficiario tambi n reconoce que ha le do y aprobado de forma expresa los t rminos y condiciones establecidos en la secci n Nature of Grant del Convenio de Concesi n, que claramente establece lo siguiente 
 
 (1) La participaci n del Beneficiario en el Plan no constituye un derecho adquirido 
 (2) El Plan y la participaci n del Beneficiario en l es ofrecido por la Compa a de manera completamente discrecional 
 (3) La participaci n del Beneficiario en el Plan es voluntaria y 
 (4) La Compa a y su Padre y sus Subsidiarias no son responsables por ninguna disminuci n en el valor de las Acciones adquiridas en virtud del Plan. 
 Reconocimiento del Derecho Laboral y Declaraci n de la Pol tica . Al aceptar el otorgamiento de las Unidades, el Beneficiario reconoce que la Compa a, con domicilio social en 140 Caspian Court, Sunnyvale, CA 94089, E.U.A., es la nica responsable de la administraci n del Plan. Adem s, el Beneficiario reconoce que su participaci n en el Plan, la concesi n de las Unidades y cualquier adquisici n de Acciones en virtud del Plan no constituyen una relaci n laboral entre el Beneficiario y la Compa a, en virtud de que el Beneficiario est participando en el Plan sobre una base totalmente comercial. Por lo anterior, el Beneficiario expresamente reconoce que el Plan y los beneficios que puedan derivarse de su participaci n no establecen ning n derecho entre el Beneficiario y el Empleador y que no forman parte de las condiciones de trabajo y o beneficios otorgados por el Empleador, y cualquier modificaci n del Plan o la terminaci n no constituir un cambio o modificaci n de los t rminos y condiciones en el empleo del Beneficiario. 
 
 Adem s, el Beneficiario comprende que su participaci n en el Plan es el resultado de una decisi n discrecional y unilateral de la Compa a, por lo que la misma se reserva el derecho absoluto de modificar y o suspender la participaci n del Beneficiario en el Plan en cualquier momento, sin responsabilidad alguna del Beneficiario. 
 
 Finalmente, el Beneficiario manifiesta que no se reserva acci n o derecho alguno que origine una demanda en contra de la Compa a, por cualquier indemnizaci n o da o relacionado con las disposiciones del Plan o de los beneficios otorgados en el mismo, y en consecuencia el Beneficiario libera de la manera m s amplia y 
 Form of Global RSU Agreement (Appendix) - 12 - 

total de responsabilidad a la Compa a, sus padre, subsidiarias, sucursales, oficinas de representaci n, sus accionistas, directores, agentes y representantes legales con respecto a cualquier demanda que pudiera surgir. 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Securities Law Information . The Award of Restricted Stock Units and the Shares underlying the Award have not been registered with the National Register of Securities maintained by the Mexican National Banking and Securities Commission and cannot be offered or sold publicly in Mexico. In addition, the Plan, the Agreement and any other document relating to the Award may not be publicly distributed in Mexico. Participant acknowledges that these materials are addressed to him or her because of Participant s existing relationship with the Company and these materials should not be reproduced or copied in any form. The offer contained in these materials does not constitute a public offering of securities, but rather constitutes a private placement of securities addressed specifically to eligible employees made in accordance with the provisions of the Mexican Securities Market Law, and any rights under such offering shall not be assigned or transferred. 
 
 THE NETHERLANDS 
 
 There are no country-specific provisions. 
 
 NORWAY 
 
 There are no country-specific provisions. 
 
 POLAND 
 Notifications 
 
 Exchange Control Information . If Participant holds foreign securities (including Shares acquired under the Plan) and maintains accounts abroad, Participant may be required to file certain reports with the National Bank of Poland. Specifically, if the value of securities and cash held in such foreign accounts exceeds PLN 7 million, Participant must file reports on the transactions and balances of the accounts on a quarterly basis. Further, any fund transfers into or out of Poland in excess of 15,000 must be effected through a bank in Poland. Polish residents are required to store all documents related to foreign exchange transactions for a period of five years. 
 
 PORTUGAL 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 Language Consent . Participant hereby expressly declares that Participant has full knowledge of the English language and has read, understood and fully accepted and agreed with the terms and conditions established in the Plan and Agreement. 
 
 Conhecimento da Lingua . O Participante, pelo presente instrumento, declara expressamente que tem pleno conhecimento da l ngua inglesa e que leu, compreendeu e livremente aceitou e concordou com os termos e condi es estabelecidas no Plano e do Contrato. 
 
 RUSSIA 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 Payment After Vesting . Depending on applicable restrictions then in effect, the Administrator has the sole discretion to postpone the settlement of any Restricted Stock Units, to determine whether to settle any vested Restricted Stock Units in Shares or in cash, or to cancel such Restricted Stock Units for no consideration. 
 U.S. Transaction . Participant understands that the acceptance of the grant of the Restricted Stock Unit Award through E TRADE s on-line grant agreement response page results in a contract between Participant and the Company completed in the United States and that the Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to the conflict of law principles thereof. 
 
 Data Privacy Notice and Consent . The following provision supplements Section 12 of the Agreement 
 
 Form of Global RSU Agreement (Appendix) - 13 - 

Participant understands and agrees that he or she may be required to complete and return a Consent to Processing of Personal Data (the Consent form to the Company. Further, Participant understands and agrees that if Participant does not complete and return a Consent form to the Company, the Company will not be able to grant Restricted Stock Units to Participant or other awards or administer or maintain such awards. Therefore, Participant understands that refusing to complete a Consent form or withdrawing his or her consent may affect Participant s ability to participate in the Plan. 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Securities Law Information . Participant acknowledges that the Restricted Stock Unit Award, the Agreement, the Plan and all other materials Participant may receive regarding participation in the Plan do not constitute advertising or an offering of securities in Russia. The issuance of Shares pursuant to the Plan has not and will not be registered in Russia and therefore, neither the Restricted Stock Units nor the Shares may be used for offering or public circulation in Russia. 
 
 Exchange Control Information . Exchange control regulations in Russia are subject to frequent change. Participant should consult his or her local bank and or personal legal advisor to confirm the applicable requirements. The rules related to foreign bank or brokerage accounts are different and certain restrictions with respect to payments by non-residents into a Russian currency resident s foreign bank or brokerage account may apply, where the foreign bank account is located in the U.S. or certain other countries. Participant should contact his or her personal advisor to confirm the application of the exchange control restrictions, as significant penalties may apply in the case of non-compliance with the exchange control restrictions. 
 
 SINGAPORE 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Securities Law Information . The Award of Restricted Stock Units is being granted to Participant pursuant to the Qualifying Person exemption under section 273(1)(f) of the Singapore Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289, 2006 Ed.) SFA ). The Plan has not been lodged or registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Participant should note that such Award of Restricted Stock Units is subject to section 257 of the SFA and Participant will not be able to make any subsequent sale in Singapore, or any offer of such subsequent sale of the Shares underlying the Restricted Stock Units unless such sale or offer in Singapore is made (i) more than six months from the Date of Grant, (ii) pursuant to the exemptions under Part XIII Division (1) Subdivision (4) (other than section 280) of the SFA, or (iii) pursuant to, and in accordance with, the conditions of any other applicable provisions of the SFA. 
 
 Director Notification Obligation . If Participant is a director, associate director or shadow director of a Singaporean Parent or Subsidiary, Participant is subject to certain notification requirements under the Singapore Companies Act. Among these requirements is an obligation to notify the Singaporean Subsidiary in writing when Participant receives an interest e.g. , Restricted Stock Units, Shares) in the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary. In addition, Participant must notify the Singaporean Parent or Subsidiary when he or she sells any Shares (including when Participant sells the Shares acquired under the Plan). These notifications must be made within two days of acquiring or disposing of any interest in the Company or any Subsidiary. In addition, a notification must be made of Participant s interests in the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary within two days of becoming a director. 
 
 SPAIN 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 Nature of Grant . The following provisions supplement Section 10 of the Agreement 
 
 In accepting the Restricted Stock Units, Participant acknowledges that he or she consents to participation in the Plan and has received a copy of the Plan. 
 Participant understands and agrees that, as a condition of the grant of the Award of Restricted Stock Units, except as provided for in Section 4 of the Agreement, the termination of Participant s employment for any reason 
 Form of Global RSU Agreement (Appendix) - 14 - 

(including for the reasons listed below) will automatically result in the forfeiture the Restricted Stock Units and loss of the Shares that may have been granted to Participant and that have not vested on the date of termination. 
 In particular, Participant understands and agrees that the Restricted Stock Units will be forfeited without entitlement to the underlying Shares or to any amount as indemnification in the event of a termination of Participant s employment prior to vesting by reason of, including, but not limited to death, disability, resignation, retirement, disciplinary dismissal adjudged to be with cause, disciplinary dismissal adjudged or recognized to be without cause, individual or collective layoff on objective grounds, whether adjudged to be with cause or adjudged or recognized to be without cause, material modification of the terms of employment under Article 41 of the Workers Statute, relocation under Article 40 of the Workers Statute, Article 50 of the Workers Statute, unilateral withdrawal by the Employer, and under Article 10.3 of Royal Decree 1382 1985. 
 Furthermore, Participant understands that the Company has unilaterally, gratuitously and discretionally decided to grant the Restricted Stock Units under the Plan to individuals who may be employees of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary. The decision is a limited decision that is entered into upon the express assumption and condition that any grant will not economically or otherwise bind the Company, the Employer or any Parent or Subsidiary on an ongoing basis. Consequently, Participant understands that the Restricted Stock Units are granted on the assumption and condition that the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares underlying the Restricted Stock Units not become a part of any employment or contract (either with the Company, the Employer or any Parent or Subsidiary) and shall not be considered a mandatory benefit, salary for any purposes (including severance compensation) or any other right whatsoever. In addition, Participant understands that the Award of Restricted Stock Units would not be made to Participant but for the assumptions and conditions referred to above thus, Participant acknowledges and freely accepts that should any or all of the assumptions be mistaken or should any of the conditions not be met for any reason, then any Award of Restricted Stock Units to Participant shall be null and void. 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Securities Law Information . The Restricted Stock Units and the Shares underlying the Restricted Stock Units described in the Agreement and this Appendix do not qualify under Spanish regulations as securities. No offer of securities to the public, as defined under Spanish law, has taken place or will take place in the Spanish territory. The Agreement (including this Appendix) has not been nor will it be registered with the Comisi n Nacional del Mercado de Valores , and do not constitute a public offering prospectus. 
 
 Exchange Control Information . Participant must declare the acquisition of Shares under the Plan, for statistical purposes, to the Spanish Direcci n General de Comercio e Inversiones (the DGCI ), the Bureau for Commerce and Investments, which is a department of the Ministry of Economy and Competiveness. Participant must declare the ownership of any Shares to the DGCI each January while the Shares are owned unless Participant holds 10 or more of the share capital of the Company or the value of the Shares or proceeds exceeds 1,502,530 in which case the report should be made within one month of the acquisition or sale of Shares. 
 
 Further, Participant is required to declare electronically to the Bank of Spain any securities accounts (including brokerage accounts held abroad), as well as the Shares held in such accounts if the value of the transactions during the prior tax year or the balances in such accounts as of December 31 of the prior tax year exceed 1,000,000. 
 
 Foreign Asset Account Reporting Information . Participant may be subject to certain tax reporting requirements with respect to assets or rights that he or she holds outside Spain, including bank accounts, securities and real estate if the aggregate value for particular category of assets exceeds 50,000 as of December 31 each year. 
 Form of Global RSU Agreement (Appendix) - 15 - 

Shares acquired under the Plan or other equity programs offered by the Company constitute securities for purposes of this requirement, but unvested awards e.g. , Restricted Stock Units, etc.) are not subject to this reporting requirement. If applicable, Participant must report his or her foreign assets on Form 720 by no later than March 31 following the end of the relevant year. After the rights and or assets are initially reported, the reporting obligation will only apply if the value of previously-reported rights or assets increases by more than 20,000 as of each subsequent December 31. Participant should consult with his or her personal advisor to determine any obligations in this respect. 
 
 SWEDEN 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 Tax Withholding . The following provision supplements Section 8 of the Agreement 
 
 Without limiting the Company s and the Employer s authority to satisfy their withholding obligations for Tax Obligations as set forth in Section 8 of the Agreement, in accepting the Award of Restricted Stock Units, Participant authorizes the Company and or the Employer to withhold Shares or to sell Shares otherwise deliverable to Participant upon vesting settlement to satisfy the Tax Obligations related to participation in the Plan and legally applicable to Participant by withholding from proceeds of a sale of Shares acquired upon settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or by reducing the number of Shares otherwise deliverable to Participant, regardless of whether the Company and or the Employer have an obligation to withhold such amounts. 
 
 SWITZERLAND 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Securities Law Information . Neither this document nor any other materials relating to the Restricted Stock Units (i) constitutes a prospectus according to articles 35 et seq. of the Swiss Federal Act on Financial Services FinSA ), (ii) may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland to any person other than an employee of the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary, or (iii) has been or will be filed with, approved, or supervised by any Swiss reviewing body according to article 51 FinSA or any Swiss regulatory authority, including the Swiss Financial Supervisory Authority. 
 
 TAIWAN 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Securities Law Information . The Award of Restricted Stock Units and the Shares to be issued pursuant to the Plan are available only for Service Providers. It is not a public offer of securities by a Taiwanese company. 
 
 Exchange Control Information . Participant may acquire and remit foreign currency (including proceeds from the Shares and any dividends paid on such Shares) into and out of Taiwan up to US 5,000,000 per year. If the transaction amount is TWD 500,000 or more in a single transaction, Participant must submit a Foreign Exchange Transaction Form and also provide supporting documentation to the satisfaction of the remitting bank. 
 
 THAILAND 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Exchange Control Information . If Participant receives funds in connection with the Plan e.g. , dividends or sale proceeds) with a value equal to or greater than US 1,000,000 per transaction, Participant must immediately repatriate such funds to Thailand. Any foreign currency repatriated to Thailand must be converted to Thai Baht or deposited into a foreign currency deposit account opened with any commercial bank in Thailand acting as the authorized agent within 360 days from the date the funds are repatriated to Thailand. Participant is also required to inform the authorized agent of the details of the foreign currency transaction, including his or her identification information and the purpose of the transaction. 
 
 Form of Global RSU Agreement (Appendix) - 16 - 

TURKEY 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Securities Law Information . The sale of Shares acquired under the Plan is not permitted within Turkey. The sale of Shares acquired under the Plan must occur outside Turkey and through the facilities of a stock exchange on which the Shares are listed. The Shares are currently listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. 
 
 Financial Intermediary Information . Activity related to investments in foreign securities e.g. , the sale of Shares acquired under the Plan) must be conducted through a bank or financial intermediary institution licensed by the Turkish Capital Markets Board and should be reported to the Turkish Capital Markets Board. Participant understands that Participant is solely responsible for complying with this requirement and should contact his or her personal legal advisor for further information regarding his or her obligations in this respect. 
 
 UNITED ARAB EMIRATES 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 Nature of Grant . The following provision supplements Section 10 of the Agreement 
 
 Participant acknowledges that the Restricted Stock Units and related benefits do not constitute a component of Participant s wages for any legal purpose. Therefore, the Restricted Stock Units and related benefits will not be included and or considered for purposes of calculating any and all labor benefits, such as social insurance contributions and or any other labor-related amounts which may be payable. 
 
 Notifications 
 
 Securities Law Information . The Agreement, the Notice of Grant, the Plan and other incidental communication materials concerning the Restricted Stock Units are intended for distribution only to employees of the Company, its Parents and Subsidiaries. The Dubai Creative Clusters Authority (formerly known as the Dubai Technology and Media Free Zone Authority), Emirates Securities and Commodities Authority and or the Central Bank of the United Arab Emirates has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any documents in connection with the Restricted Stock Units. Neither the Ministry of Economy nor the Dubai Department of Economic Development have approved these communications nor taken steps to verify the information set out in them, and have no responsibility for them. 
 
 Further, the Shares underlying the Restricted Stock Units may be illiquid and or subject to restrictions on their resale. Participant should conduct his or her own due diligence on the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares. If Participant is in any doubt about any of the contents of the grant or other incidental documents, Participant should obtain independent professional advice. 
 
 UNITED KINGDOM 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 Payment After Vesting . The following provision supplements Section 6 of the Agreement 
 
 The Restricted Stock Units do not provide any right for Participant to receive a cash payment and the Restricted Stock Units will be settled in Shares only. 
 
 Tax Withholding . Without limitation to Section 8 of the Agreement, Participant agrees that Participant is liable for all Tax Obligations and hereby covenants to pay all such Tax Obligations, as and when requested by the Company or, if different, the Employer or by Her Majesty s Revenue & Customs HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority). Participant also agrees to indemnify and keep indemnified the Company and, if different, the Employer against any Tax Obligations that they are required to pay or withhold or have paid or will pay to HMRC (or any other tax authority or any other relevant authority) on Participant s behalf. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Participant is a director or executive officer of the Company (within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act), the immediately foregoing provision will not apply instead, the 
 Form of Global RSU Agreement (Appendix) - 17 - 

amount of any uncollected income tax may constitute a benefit to Participant on which additional income tax and National Insurance contributions NICs may be payable. Participant will be responsible for reporting and paying any income tax due on this additional benefit directly to HMRC under the self-assessment regime and for paying to the Company and or the Employer (as appropriate) the amount of any NICs due on this additional benefit. 
 
 Joint Election . As a condition of Participant s participation in the Plan and the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, Participant agrees to accept any liability for secondary Class 1 National Insurance contributions which may be payable by the Company and or the Employer in connection with the Restricted Stock Units, the receipt of any benefits related to the Restricted Stock Units and any event giving rise to Tax Obligations (the Employer s Liability ). Without prejudice to the foregoing, Participant agrees to enter into a joint election with the Company, the form of such joint election being formally approved by HMRC (the Joint Election ), and any other required consent or elections. Participant further agrees to enter into such other Joint Elections as may be required between Participant and any successor to the Company and or the Employer. Participant further agrees that the Company and or the Employer may collect the Employer s Liability from Participant by any of the means set forth in Section 8 of the Agreement. 
 
 If Participant does not enter into the Joint Election prior to the vesting of the Restricted Stock Units, Participant will forfeit the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares underlying the Restricted Stock Units will be returned to the Company at no cost to the Company, without any liability to the Company and or the Employer. 
 
 UNITED STATES 
 
 There are no country-specific provisions. 

Form of Global RSU Agreement (Appendix) - 18 - 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 infn_12312022xexhibit211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 Exhibit 21.1 

 INFINERA CORPORATION 
 SUBSIDIARIES 
 Infinera Optical Holding, Inc. (Delaware) 
 Infinera Optical Networks, Inc. (Delaware) 
 Infinera North America, LLC (Delaware) 
 Infinera Global Holdings LP (Cayman Islands) 
 Xieon Networks Venture S. r.l. (Luxembourg) 
 Tellabs Holdings B.V. (Netherlands) 
 Tellabs Enterprises B.V. (Netherlands) 
 International Telecom Holdings S. r.l. (Luxembourg) 
 Infinera AB (Sweden) 

Pursuant to Item 601(b)(21)(ii) of Regulation S-K, the names of other subsidiaries of Infinera Corporation are omitted because, considered in the aggregate, they would not constitute a significant subsidiary as of the end of the year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 infn_12312022xexhibit231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 (1) Registration Statements (Form S-8 Nos. 333-239404, 333-258421, 333-265376) pertaining to the Amended and Restated 2016 Equity Incentive Plan of Infinera Corporation, 
 (2) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-244741) of Infinera Corporation, 
 (3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-233150) pertaining to the 2019 Inducement Equity Incentive Plan of Infinera Corporation, 
 (4) Registration Statements (Form S-8 Nos. 333-232358, 333-225887) pertaining to the Amended and Restated 2007 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, and the Amended and Restated 2016 Equity Incentive Plan of Infinera Corporation, 
 (5) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-227199) of Infinera Corporation, 
 (6) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-218410) pertaining to the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended of Infinera Corporation, 
 (7) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-211498) pertaining to the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan of Infinera Corporation, 
 (8) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-196136) pertaining to the 2007 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of Infinera Corporation, 
 (9) Registration Statements (Form S-8 Nos. 333-193776, 333-186549, 333-179931, 333-173887, 333-165206, 333-158921) pertaining to the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan and the 2007 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of Infinera Corporation, and 
 (10) Registration Statements (Form S-8 Nos. 333-150546 and 333-143561) pertaining to the 2000 Stock Plan, the 2007 Equity Incentive Plan, and the 2007 Employee Stock Purchase Plan of Infinera Corporation 
 of our reports dated February 27, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Infinera Corporation, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Infinera Corporation, included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 San Jose, California 
 February 27, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 infn-12312022exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE 
 ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, David W. Heard, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Infinera Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Dated February 27, 2023 
 By 
 s DAVID W. HEARD 
 David W. Heard 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 infn-12312022exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE 
 ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Nancy Erba, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Infinera Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Dated February 27, 2023 
 By 
 s NANCY ERBA 
 Nancy Erba 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 infn-12312022exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 INFINERA CORPORATION 
 Written Statement of Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, David W. Heard, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, that, to my knowledge on the date hereof 
 (a) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Infinera Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (b) the information contained in the Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Infinera Corporation. 
 Date February 27, 2023 
 
 s DAVID W. HEARD 
 David W. Heard 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to Infinera Corporation and will be retained by Infinera Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 This certification accompanies the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Annual Report on Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 infn-12312022exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 INFINERA CORPORATION 
 Written Statement of Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Nancy Erba, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, that, to my knowledge on the date hereof 
 (a) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Infinera Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Annual Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (b) the information contained in the Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Infinera Corporation. 
 Date February 27, 2023 
 s NANCY ERBA 
 Nancy Erba 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to Infinera Corporation and will be retained by Infinera Corporation and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 This certification accompanies the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Annual Report on Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 infn-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 infn-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 infn-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 infn-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 infn-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

