<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230328_10-K_edgar_data_878932_0001712543-23-000015.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1110336</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>296107</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>713062</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>6</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001712543-23-000015.hdr.sgml : 20230328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230328170759
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001712543-23-000015
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		7
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EQUUS TOTAL RETURN, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000878932
		IRS NUMBER:				760345915
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-00098
		FILM NUMBER:		23770510

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		700 LOUISIANA STREET
		STREET 2:		48TH FLOOR
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7135290900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		700 LOUISIANA STREET
		STREET 2:		48TH FLOOR
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EQUUS II INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970422

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001712543-23-000015.txt : 20230328

10-K
 1
 f10k_equus12312022.htm
 FORM 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 10-K 

 (Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 

 Or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 

 Commission File Number 814-00098 

EQUUS TOTAL RETURN, INC. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter) 

Delaware 
 76-0345915 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

700 Louisiana St. 48 th Floor, Houston, Texas 
 77002 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 
 
 (713) 529-0900 

 Registrant s telephone number, including area
code: 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol 

Name of each exchange 
 on which registered 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 EQS 
 
 New York Stock Exchange 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section
12(g) of the Act: None 

 Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 No 

 Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 No 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes No

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
to the best of registrant s knowledge, in the definitive proxy or information statement incorporated by reference in Part III of
this 10-K. 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

(Do not check if a smaller reporting company) 
 Emerging growth company 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 
 No 

Table of Contents 

Approximate
aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant: 16,167,306 computed on the basis of 2.61 per share,
the closing price of the registrant s common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2022. For purposes of calculating
this amount only, all directors and executive officers of the registrant have been treated as affiliates. There were 13,518,146 shares
of the registrant s common stock, .001 par value, outstanding as of March 28, 2023 .
The net asset value of a share of the Registrant as of December 31, 2022 was 2.61. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period
that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

 Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of
its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public
accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

 If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

 Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

 Portions of the Proxy Statement (to be filed)
for the 2023 Annual Shareholder s meeting are incorporated by reference in Parts II and III. 

2 

 Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 
 Page 
 
 Item 1 
 Business 
 4 
 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 14 
 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 29 
 
 Item 2 
 Properties 
 29 
 
 Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 29 
 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 29 

PART II 
 Item 5 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

29 
 
 Item 6 
 [Reserved] 
 30 
 
 Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 30 
 
 Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Information About Market Risk 
 43 
 
 Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 44 
 
 Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 75 
 
 Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 75 
 
 Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 76 
 
 Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 77 

PART III 
 Item 10 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

77 
 
 Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 77 
 
 Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 77 
 
 Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 77 
 
 Item 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 77 

PART IV 
 Item 15 

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

77 
 
 Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 77 

3 

 Table of Contents 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

Equus Total Return,
Inc. we, us, our, Equus the Company or the Fund ),
a Delaware corporation, was formed by Equus Investments II, L.P. (the Partnership on August 16, 1991. On July 1, 1992,
the Partnership was reorganized and all of the assets and liabilities of the Partnership were transferred to the Fund in exchange for
shares of common stock of the Fund. On August 11, 2006, our shareholders approved the change of the Fund s investment strategy to
a total return investment objective. This strategy seeks to provide the highest total return, consisting of capital appreciation and current
income. In connection with this strategic investment change, the shareholders also approved the change of name from Equus II Incorporated
to Equus Total Return, Inc. 

We attempt to maximize
the return to stockholders in the form of current investment income and long-term capital gains by investing in the debt and equity securities
of companies with a total enterprise value between 5.0 million and 75.0 million, although we may engage in transactions with smaller
or larger investee companies from time to time. We seek to invest primarily in companies pursuing growth either through acquisition or
organically, leveraged buyouts, management buyouts and recapitalizations of existing businesses or special situations. Our income-producing
investments consist principally of debt securities, including bonds, subordinated debt, debt convertible into common or preferred stock,
or debt combined with warrants and common and preferred stock. Debt and preferred equity financing may also be used to create long-term
capital appreciation through the exercise and sale of warrants received in connection with a financing. We seek to achieve capital appreciation
by making investments in equity and equity-oriented securities issued by privately-owned companies or smaller public companies in transactions
negotiated directly with such companies. 

Equus is a closed-end
management investment company that has elected to be treated as a business development company BDC under the Investment
Company Act of 1940 1940 Act ). In order to remain a BDC, we must meet certain specified requirements under the 1940 Act,
including investing at least 70 of our assets in eligible portfolio companies and limiting the amount of leverage we incur. Equus is
also a regulated investment company RIC under Subchapter M of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986. As such, we are
not required to pay corporate-level income tax on the Fund s investment income. So long as we remain a BDC, we intend to maintain
our RIC status, which requires that we qualify annually as a RIC by meeting certain specified requirements. For a discussion of these
requirements necessary to maintain our status as a BDC and as a RIC, please see Business Development Company Requirements 
and Regulated Investment Company Tax Status , respectively. 

Our
principal office is located at 700 Louisiana St., 48 th Floor, Houston, Texas, 77002, and
the telephone number is 1-800-856-0901. Our corporate website is located at www.equuscap.com . We make available free of charge
on our website our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those
reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Our shares are traded on The New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the ticker symbol EQS . 

Significant Developments 

Impact of Geopolitical
Events on the Oil and Gas Sector . The substantial volatility in world markets has been prominent in the oil and gas sector, with crude
prices falling to 18-year lows in mid-March 2020 as a result of the coronavirus pandemic, only to increase to multi-year highs in the
first half of 2022, largely as a result of high industrial and consumer demand, a reluctance of U.S. producers and OPEC nations to generate
additional supply, and the conflict in Ukraine. Recessionary headwinds, among other macroeconomic factors, led to a decrease in oil prices
from their 2022 peak, and have traded within a much narrower range than in previous years (approximately 72.00 to 82.00 per barrel)
since the beginning of 2023. Meanwhile, gas prices have experienced even greater volatility recently, with gas prices increasing to 9.85
per MMBTU in August 2022, decreasing markedly to 3.52 per MMBTU as of December 31, 2022, and decreasing further during the first quarter
of 2023. These pricing changes have had a significant effect on forward pricing curves and the corresponding outlook and prospects for
remaining small oil and gas firms such as Equus Energy that hold development rights in low-cost production reservoirs such as those underlying
the Permian Basin and the Eagle Ford Shale regions. 

4 

 Table of Contents 

Authorization
to Withdraw BDC Election . On November 1, 2022, holders of a majority of the outstanding common stock of the Fund approved our cessation
as a BDC under the 1940 Act and authorized our Board to cause the Fund s withdrawal of its election to be classified as a BDC, effective
as of a date designated by the Board and our Chief Executive Officer. Although this authorization expired on February 28, 2023, we expect
to receive an additional authorization from our stockholders in the future. This authorization and others which preceded it are a consequence
of our expressed intent to transform Equus into an operating company or a permanent capital vehicle. Notwithstanding any such authorization
to withdraw our BDC election, we will not submit any such withdrawal unless and until Equus has entered into a definitive agreement to
effect a transformative transaction. Further, even if we are again authorized to withdraw our election as a BDC, we will require a subsequent
affirmative vote from holders of a majority of our outstanding voting shares to enter into any such definitive agreement or change the
nature of our business. While we are presently evaluating various opportunities that could enable us to accomplish this transformation,
we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so within any particular time period or at all. Moreover, we cannot assure you that the
terms of any such transformative transaction would be acceptable to us. 

Increase in Authorized
Shares . On January 20, 2021, holders of a majority of the outstanding common stock of the Fund approved the restatement of our Certificate
of Incorporation to increase the number of our authorized shares of common stock from 50,000,000 to 100,000,000, and the number of our
authorized shares of preferred stock from 5,000,000 to 10,000,000. The increase is intended to help facilitate the transformation of Equus
into an operating company and provide sufficient authorized shares to evaluate larger business concerns as possible acquisition or merger
candidates. 

Outlook . Our
Board and management of the Fund Management continue to believe that current market conditions and recent portfolio performance
dictate the need to pursue a more active role in the management of our remaining investments and to seek liquidity events at the appropriate
time to protect and enhance shareholder value. These activities include continuous monitoring and intensive reviews of portfolio company
performance and expectations, providing follow-on capital when necessary, and the exploration of liquidity events for certain portfolio
companies to position the Fund to maximize investment returns and, to the extent we intend to remain a BDC, actively pursuing suitable
new investments for the Fund. 

Investment Objective 

To the extent we
remain a BDC and do not complete the transformation of Equus into an operating company as described above, our investment objective is
to maximize the total return to our stockholders in the form of current investment income and long-term capital gains by investing in
the debt and equity securities of small and middle market capitalization companies that are generally not publicly traded at the time
of our investment. As a result of our endeavors in the energy sector, we may also seek to purchase or develop working interests, mineral
interests, and revenue leasehold interests in oil and gas properties, although we remain open to exploring investment opportunities in
a variety of other sectors. Should we continue to grow and develop Equus as a closed-end fund or permanent capital vehicle instead of
an operating company, we intend to include investments in progressively larger enterprises. 

Investment Strategy 

Our investment strategy
attempts to strike a balance between the potential for gain and the risk of loss. With respect to capital appreciation, Equus is a growth-at-reasonable-price 
investor that seeks to identify and acquire securities that meet our criteria for selling at reasonable prices. We give priority to cash
producing investments wherein we invest principally in debt or preferred equity financing with the objective of generating regular interest
and dividend income back to the Fund. Debt and preferred equity financing may also be used to create long-term capital appreciation through
the exercise and sale of warrants received in connection with a financing. Given market conditions over the past several years and the
performance of our portfolio, our Management and Board believe it prudent to continue to review alternatives to refine and further clarify
the current strategies. 

5 

 Table of Contents 

Investment Criteria 

Consistent with our
investment objective and strategy, our Management evaluates prospective investments based upon the criteria set forth below. We may modify
some or all of these criteria from time to time. 

Management Competency
and Ownership . We seek to invest in companies with experienced management teams who have demonstrated a track record of successful
performance. Further, we desire to invest in companies with significant management ownership. We believe that significant management ownership
in small capitalization and middle market companies provides appropriate incentives and an alignment of interests for management to maximize
shareholder value. In addition, we will seek to design compensation and incentive arrangements that align the interests of the portfolio
company s management with those of the Fund to enhance potential returns. 

Substantial Target
Market . We desire to focus on companies whose products or services have favorable growth potential and strong competitive positions
in their respective markets. These positions may be as leadership positions within a given industry or market niche positions in which
the product or service has a demonstrated competitive advantage. The market in which a potential portfolio company operates should either
be sizeable or have significant growth potential. 

History of Profitability
and Favorable Growth Potential . We target companies that have demonstrated a history of profitability or a reasonable expectation
of a return to profitability in the near future. 

Ability to Provide
Regular Cash Interest and Distributions . We look for companies with strong cash flow models sufficient to provide regular and consistent
interest and/or preferred dividend payments. 

Management Assistance
and Substantial Equity . Given the requirements of a BDC under the 1940 Act, we seek to invest in companies that will permit substantial
managerial assistance, including representation on the board of directors of the company or its equivalent. With regard to equity investments,
we desire to obtain a substantial investment position in portfolio companies. This position may be as a minority shareholder with certain
contractual rights and powers, or as a majority shareholder, and should otherwise allow us to have substantive input on the direction
and strategies of the portfolio company. 

Plausible Exit
and Potential for Appreciation . Prior to investing in a portfolio company, we will seek to analyze potential exit strategies and pursue
those investments with such strategies as may be achievable. 

Investment Operations 

Our investment operations
consist principally of the following basic activities: 

Investment Selection.
 Historically, many of our investment opportunities have come from Management, members of our Board, other private equity investors,
direct approaches from prospective portfolio companies and referrals from investment banks, business brokers, commercial, regional and
local banks, attorneys, accountants and other members of the financial community. Subject to the approval of our Board, we may compensate
certain referrals with finder s fees to the extent permissible under applicable law and consistent with industry practice. 

6 

 Table of Contents 

Due Diligence.
 Once a potential investment is identified, we undertake a due diligence review using information provided by the prospective portfolio
company and publicly available information. Management may also seek input from consultants, investment bankers and other knowledgeable
sources. The due diligence review will typically include, but is not limited to: 

Review of historical and prospective financial information, including audits and budgets; 

On-site visits; 

Interviews with management, employees, customers and vendors; 

Review of existing loan documents and credit arrangements, if any; 

Background checks on members of management; and 

Research relating to the company, its management, industry, markets, products and services and competitors. 

Structuring Investments.
 We typically negotiate investments in private transactions directly with the owner or issuer of the securities acquired. Management
structures the terms of a proposed investment, including the purchase price, the type of security to be purchased and our future involvement
in the portfolio company s business. We seek to structure the terms of the investment to provide for the capital needs of the portfolio
company while maximizing our opportunities for current income and capital appreciation. In addition, we may invest with other co-investors
including private equity firms, business development companies, small business investment companies, venture capital groups, institutional
investors and individual investors. 

Providing Management
Assistance and Monitoring of Investments. Successful private equity investments typically require active monitoring of, and significant
participation in, major business decisions of portfolio companies. In several cases, officers and directors of the Fund serve as members
of the governing boards of portfolio companies. Such management assistance is required of a BDC under the 1940 Act. We seek to provide
guidance and management assistance with respect to such matters as capital structure, acquisitions, budgets, profit goals, corporate strategy,
portfolio management and potential sale of the company or other exit strategies. In connection with their service as directors of portfolio
companies, officers and directors of the Fund may receive and retain directors fees or reimbursement for expenses incurred, and
may participate in incentive stock option plans for non-employee directors, if any. When necessary and as requested by any portfolio company,
Management, on behalf of the Fund, may also assign staff professionals with financial or management expertise to assist portfolio company
management. 

Follow-On Investments 

Following our initial
investment, a portfolio company may request that we make follow-on investments by providing additional equity or loans needed to fully
implement its business plans to develop a new line of business or to recover from unexpected business problems or other purposes. In addition,
follow-on investments may be made to exercise warrants or other preferential rights granted to the Fund or otherwise to increase our position
in a portfolio company. We may make follow-on investments in portfolio companies from cash on hand or borrow all or a portion of the funds
required. If we are unable to make follow-on investments due to lack of available capital, the portfolio company in need of the investment
may be negatively impacted, we may be required to subordinate our debt interest in the portfolio company to a new lender, and/or our equity
interest in the portfolio company may be diluted if outside equity capital is required. 

7 

 Table of Contents 

Disposition of Investments 

The method and timing
of the disposition of our investments in portfolio companies are critical to our ability to realize capital gains and minimize capital
losses. We may dispose of our portfolio securities through a variety of transactions, including recapitalizations, refinancings, management
buyouts, repayments from cash flow, acquisitions of portfolio companies by a third party and outright sales of the Fund s securities
in a portfolio company. In addition, under certain circumstances we may distribute our portfolio securities in-kind to our stockholders.
In structuring our investments, we endeavor to reach an understanding with the management of the prospective portfolio company as to the
appropriate method and timing of the disposition of the investment. In some cases, we seek registration rights for our portfolio securities
at the time of investment which typically provide that the portfolio company will bear the cost of registration. To the extent not paid
by the portfolio company, the Fund typically bears the costs of disposing of our portfolio investments. 

Current Portfolio Companies 

For a description
of our current portfolio company investments, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations Portfolio Securities . 

Valuation 

On a quarterly basis,
Management values our portfolio investments. These valuations are subject to the approval and adoption of the Board. Valuations of our
portfolio securities at fair value are performed in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States GAAP ). 

The fair value of
investments for which no market exists (which includes most of our investments) is determined through procedures established in good faith
by the Board. As a general principle, the current fair value of an investment is the amount the Fund might reasonably expect
to receive upon its sale in an orderly manner. There are a range of values that are reasonable for such investments at any particular
time. 

8 

 Table of Contents 

We base our adjustments
to fair value upon such factors as the portfolio company s earnings, cash flow and net worth, the market prices for similar securities
of comparable companies, an assessment of the company s current and future financial prospects and various other factors and assumptions.
In the case of unsuccessful or substantially declining operations, we may base a portfolio company s fair value upon the company s
estimated liquidation value. Fair valuations are inherently subjective, and our estimate of fair value may differ materially from amounts
actually received upon the disposition of our portfolio securities. Also, any failure by a portfolio company to achieve its business plan
or obtain and maintain its financing arrangements could result in increased volatility and result in a significant and rapid change in
its value. 

Our general intent
is to hold our loans to maturity when appraising our privately held debt investments. As such, we believe the fair value will not exceed
the cost of the investment; however, we may perform a yield analysis to determine if a debt security has been impaired. 

Our Management may
engage independent, third-party valuation firms to conduct independent appraisals and review Management s preliminary valuations
of each privately-held investment in order to make their own independent assessment. Any third- party valuation data would be considered
as one of many factors in a fair value determination. Management would then present its fair value recommendations to the Audit Committee
of the Board of Directors for review. Following review and any adjustments required thereby, the Audit Committee would, in turn, recommend
the fair values for all of the Fund s portfolio investments to the Board of Directors for final approval. 

To the extent that
market quotations are readily available for our investments and such investments are freely transferable, we value them at the closing
market price on the date of valuation. For securities which are of the same class as a class of public securities but are restricted from
free trading (such as Rule 144 stock), we establish our valuation by discounting the closing market price to reflect the estimated impact
of illiquidity caused by such restrictions. We generally hold investments in debt securities to maturity. Accordingly, we determine the
fair value of debt securities on the basis of the terms of the debt securities and the financial condition of the issuer. We value certificates
of deposit at their face value, plus interest accrued to the date of valuation. 

Our Board reviews
the valuation policies on a quarterly basis to determine their appropriateness and reserves the right to hire and, from time to time,
utilizes independent valuation firms to review Management s valuation methodology or to conduct an independent valuation. 

9 

 Table of Contents 

Competition 

We compete with a
large number of public and private equity and mezzanine funds and other financing sources, including traditional financial services companies
such as finance companies and commercial banks. Many of our competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial,
technical and marketing resources. Our competitors may have a lower cost of funds and many have access to funding sources not available
to us. In addition, certain of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to
consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships and build their respective market shares. In addition, many of
our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions imposed by the 1940 Act imposes on BDCs. 

We cannot assure
you that the competitive pressures we face will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. In addition, because of this competition, we may not be able to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities and
may not be able to identify and make investments that satisfy our investment objectives or meet our investment goals. 

Properties 

Our
principal executive offices are located at 700 Louisiana St., 48 th Floor, Houston, Texas
77002. Should we remain a BDC and not transform into an operating company or a permanent capital vehicle, we believe our office facilities
are suitable and adequate for our operations as currently conducted and contemplated. 

Business Development Company Requirements 

Qualifying Assets .
As a BDC, we may not acquire any asset other than qualifying assets, as defined by the 1940 Act, unless, at the time the acquisition is
made, the value of our qualifying assets represent at least 70 of the value of our total assets. The principal categories of qualifying
assets relevant to our business are the following: 

Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from an issuer that is an eligible portfolio company. An eligible portfolio company is any issuer that (a) is organized and has its principal place of business in the United States, (b) is not an investment company other than a small business investment company wholly-owned by the BDC, and (c) either (i) (A) does not have any class of securities with respect to which a broker or dealer may extend margin credit, (B) is controlled by the BDC either singly or as part of a group and an affiliated person of the BDC is a member of the issuer s board of directors, or (C) has total assets of not more than 4 million and capital and surplus of at least 2 million, or (ii) does not have any class of securities listed on a national securities exchange, unless the total market capitalization of such issuer does not exceed 250 million. Qualifying assets may also include follow-on investments in a company that was a particular type of eligible portfolio company at the time of the BDC s initial investment, but subsequently did not meet the definition; 

Securities received in exchange for or distributed with respect to securities described above, or pursuant to the exercise of options, warrants or rights relating to such securities; and 

Cash, cash items, government securities, or high quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. 

10 

 Table of Contents 

To include certain
securities above as qualifying assets for the purpose of the 70 test, a BDC must make available to the issuer of those securities significant
managerial assistance, such as providing significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations, or business objectives
and policies of a portfolio company. We offer to provide significant managerial assistance to each of our portfolio companies. 

We may not
change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or withdraw our election as, a BDC unless authorized by vote of the holders
of the majority of our outstanding voting securities, as defined in the 1940 Act. On November 1, 2022, we received this
authorization from our shareholders to withdraw our BDC election and, although this authorization expired on February 28, 2023, we
expect to receive an additional authorization by our stockholders in the future. This authorization and others which preceded it
were provided as a consequence of our plan to effect a transformation of Equus by: (i) acquiring or merging with an operating
company based in the energy, natural resources, technology, or financial services sectors, and (ii) terminating the Fund s
election to be classified as a BDC under the 1940 Act. Notwithstanding the present authorization to withdraw our BDC election, we
will require a separate affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities to consummate a
transformation of Equus and change the nature of our business (see Significant Developments Authorization to
Withdraw BDC Election above). 

Temporary Investments.
 Pending investment in portfolio companies, we invest our available funds in interest-bearing bank accounts, money market mutual funds,
U.S. Treasury securities and/or certificates of deposit with maturities of less than one year (collectively, Temporary Investments ).
Temporary Investments may also include commercial paper (rated or unrated) and other short-term securities. Temporary Investments constituting
cash, cash items, securities issued or guaranteed by the U.S. Treasury or U.S. Government agencies and high quality debt securities (commercial
paper rated in the two highest rating categories by Moody s Investor Services, Inc. or Standard Poor s Corporation,
or if not rated, issued by a company having an outstanding debt issue so rated, with maturities of less than one year at the time of investment)
will qualify for determining whether we have 70 of our total assets invested in qualifying assets or in qualified Temporary Investments
for purposes of the BDC provisions of the 1940 Act. 

Leverage. We
are permitted by the 1940 Act, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of senior debt and a single class of preferred stock
senior to the common stock if our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, is at least 150 after the issuance of the debt or the senior
stockholders interests. In addition, provisions must be made to prohibit any distribution to common stockholders or the repurchase
of any shares unless the asset coverage ratio is at least 150 at the time of the distribution or repurchase. 

Fund Share Sales
Below Net Asset Value . To the extent we remain a BDC, we generally may sell our common stock at a price that is below the prevailing
net asset value per share only upon the approval of the policy by stockholders holding a majority of our issued shares, including a majority
of shares held by nonaffiliated stockholders. We may, in accordance with certain conditions established by the SEC, sell shares below
net asset value in connection with the distribution of rights to all of our stockholders. We may also issue shares at less than net asset
value in payment of dividends to existing stockholders. 

No Redemption
Rights . Since we are a closed-end BDC, our stockholders have no right to present their shares to the Fund for redemption. Recognizing
the possibility that our shares might trade at a discount, our Board has determined that it would be in the best interest of our stockholders
for the Fund to be authorized to attempt to reduce or eliminate a market value discount from net asset value. Accordingly, from time to
time we may, but are not required to, repurchase our shares (including by means of tender offers) to attempt to reduce or eliminate any
discount or to increase the net asset value of our shares. 

11 

 Table of Contents 

Affiliated Transactions .
Many of the transactions involving the Fund and its affiliates (as well as affiliates of such affiliates) require the prior approval of
a majority of the independent directors and a majority of the independent directors having no financial interest in the transactions.
However, certain transactions involving closely affiliated persons of the Fund require the prior approval of the SEC. 

Regulated Investment Company Tax Status 

As a BDC, we have
historically operated to qualify as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ),
although RIC qualification is not a prerequisite to qualifying as a BDC. If we qualify as a RIC and annually distribute to our stockholders
in a timely manner at least 90 of our investment company taxable income, we will not be subject to federal income tax on the portion
of our taxable income and capital gains we distribute to our stockholders. Taxable income generally differs from net income as defined
by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States due to temporary and permanent timing differences in the recognition
of income and expenses, returns of capital and net unrealized appreciation or depreciation. 

While we are not
required to qualify as a RIC to maintain our BDC status, we must continue to qualify as an investment company to maintain our RIC status,
among other requirements. To maintain our RIC status, we must (i) continue to qualify as an investment company; (ii) distribute to our
stockholders in a timely manner at least 90 of our investment company taxable income, as defined by the Code; (iii) derive in each taxable
year at least 90 of our gross investment company income from dividends, interest, payments with respect to securities loans, gains from
the sale of stock or other securities or other income derived with respect to our business of investing in such stock or securities as
defined by the Code; and (iv) meet investment diversification requirements. The diversification requirements generally require us, at
the end of each quarter of the taxable year, to have (a) at least 50 of the value of our assets consist of cash, cash items, government
securities, securities of other RICs and other securities if such other securities of any one issuer do not represent more than 5 of
our assets and 10 of the outstanding voting securities of the issuer and (b) no more than 25 of the value of our assets invested in
the securities of one issuer (other than U.S. government securities and securities of other RICs), or of two or more issuers that are
controlled by us and are engaged in the same or similar or related trades or businesses. 

In addition, should
we choose not to distribute at least 98.2 of our capital gain net income for each one-year period ending on October 31, we will be subject
to a 4.0 nondeductible Federal exercise tax. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we incurred a capital gain related to the settlement
of the escrow receivable in connection with the sale of our interest in PalletOne, Inc. that was not fully offset by our capital loss
carryforward. We chose not to distribute this small amount for the current year and pay the RIC and excise tax. As such, as of December
31, 2021, we have accrued a 38,000 in corporate level income and excise tax in lieu of making a distribution of the net capital gain. 

If we fail to satisfy
the 90 distribution requirement or otherwise fail to qualify as a RIC in any taxable year, we will be subject to tax in such year on
all of our taxable income, regardless of whether we make any distribution to our stockholders. In addition, in that case, all of our distributions
to our stockholders will be characterized as ordinary income (to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits). We have
distributed and currently intend to distribute sufficient dividends to eliminate our investment company taxable income; however, none
have been necessary in recent years. 

During the year ended
December 31, 2021, according and pursuant to ASC 946-20-50, we recharacterized as a return of capital in excess of par certain accumulated
undistributed net capital gains of 18.5 million for which we had loss carryforwards. 

Custodian 

We act as the custodian
of our securities to the extent permitted under the 1940 Act and are subject to the restrictions imposed on self- custodians by the 1940
Act and the rules and regulations thereunder. We have also entered into an agreement with Amegy Bank with respect to the safekeeping of
our securities. The principal business office of Amegy Bank is 1717 West Loop South, Houston, Texas 77027. 

12 

 Table of Contents 

Transfer and Disbursing Agent 

We employ Equiniti
Group as our transfer agent to record transfers of our shares, maintain proxy records and to process distributions. The principal business
office of our transfer agent is 6201 15th Avenue, 2nd Floor, Brooklyn, NY 11219. 

Certifications 

In July 2022, pursuant
to Section 303A.12(a) of the NYSE Listed Company Manual, we submitted to the NYSE an unqualified certification of our Chief Executive
Officer. In addition, certifications by our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have been filed as exhibits to this annual
report on Form 10-K as required by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

All statements
contained herein that are not historical facts including, but not limited to, statements regarding anticipated activity are forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, involve a number of risks and uncertainties, and are based on the
beliefs and assumptions of Management, based on information currently available to Management. Actual results may differ materially. In
some cases, readers can identify forward-looking statements by words such as may, will, should, 
 expect, objective, plan, intend, anticipate, believe, 
 Management believes, estimate, predict, project, potential, forecast, 
 continue, strategy, or position or the negative of such terms or other variations of them or
by comparable terminology. In particular, statements, express or implied, concerning future actions, conditions, or events, future operating
results, or the ability to generate sales, income, or cash flow are forward-looking statements. 

Among the factors
that could cause actual results to differ materially are the following: (i) changes in the economic conditions in which we operate, including
changes related to the evolving impact of the coronavirus, which might negatively impacting our financial resources; (ii) the substantially
greater resources of certain of our competitors than the Fund, potentially reducing the number of suitable investment opportunities offered
or reducing the yield necessary to consummate the investment; (iii) the uncertainty regarding the value of our privately held securities
that require a good faith estimate of fair value for which a change in estimate could affect the Fund s net asset value; (iv) the
illiquidity of our investments in securities of privately held companies which could affect our ability to realize a gain; (v) the default
of one or more of our portfolio companies on their loans or the failure of such companies to provide any returns on our investments which
could affect the Fund s operating results; (vi) our dependence on external financing to grow our business; (vii) our ability to
retain key management personnel; (viii) an economic downturn or recession that could impair our portfolio companies and therefore harm
our operating results; (iv) our borrowing arrangements, which could impose certain restrictions; (x) changes in interest rates that may
affect our cost of capital and net operating income; (xi) our inability to incur additional indebtedness unless the Fund maintains an
asset coverage of at least 150 , which may affect returns to our stockholders; (xii) the possible failure of the Fund to continue to qualify
for our pass-through treatment as a RIC which could have an effect on stockholder returns; (xiii) the volatility of the price of our common
stock; (xiv) general business and economic conditions and other risk factors described in its reports filed from time to time with the
SEC; and (xv) risks related to our plan to transform Equus into an operating company or a permanent capital vehicle. We caution readers
not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which statements are made pursuant to the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995 and, as such, speak only as of the date made. 

13 

 Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

An investment in
our securities involves certain risks relating to our structure and investment objectives. The risks and uncertainties described below
are not the only ones facing Equus. You should carefully consider these risks, together with all of the other information included in
our annual report on Form 10-K, including our financial statements and the related notes thereto. 

Additional risks
and uncertainties not presently known to us, or not presently deemed material by us, may also impair our operations and performance. 

If any of the following
risks actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. If that happens,
the trading price of our common stock could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks Related to Our Investments 

Investments in small
capitalization companies present certain risks that may not exist to the same degree as investments in larger, more established companies
and will cause such investments to be volatile and speculative. 

We have invested
and may continue to invest, in private, small and/or new companies that may be in their early stages of development. Investments in these
types of companies involve a number of significant risks, including the following: 

They typically have shorter operating histories, narrower product lines and smaller market shares than public companies, which tend to render them more vulnerable to competitors actions and market conditions as well as general economic downturns; 

They may have no earnings or experienced losses or may have limited financial resources and may be unable to meet their obligations under their securities, which may be accompanied by a deterioration in the value of their equity securities or any collateral or guarantees provided with respect to their debt; 

They are more likely to depend on the management talents and efforts of a small group of persons and, as a result, the death, disability, resignation or termination of one or more of those persons could have a material adverse effect on their business and prospects and, in turn, on our investment; 

They may have difficulty accessing the capital markets to meet future capital needs; 

They generally have less predictable operating results, may from time to time be parties to litigation, may be engaged in rapidly changing businesses with products subject to a substantial risk of obsolescence and may require substantial additional capital to support their operations, finance expansion or maintain their competitive position; and 

Generally little public information exists regarding these companies, and investors in these companies generally must rely on the ability of the equity sponsor to obtain adequate information for the purposes of evaluating potential returns and making a fully informed investment decision. 

14 

 Table of Contents 

There is uncertainty regarding
the value of our privately held securities. 

Our net asset value
is based on the value we assign to our portfolio investments. For investments that are not listed on a securities exchange or quotation
medium, we determine the value of our investments in securities for which market quotations are not available as of the end of each calendar
quarter, unless there is a significant event requiring a change in valuation in the interim. Because of the inherent uncertainty of the
valuation of portfolio securities that do not have readily ascertainable market values, our fair value determination may differ materially
from the value that would have been used had a ready market existed for the securities. We determine the fair value of investments for
which no market quotations are available based upon a methodology that we believe reaches a reasonable estimation of fair value. However,
we do not necessarily apply multiple valuation metrics in reaching this determination and, in some cases, we do not obtain any third-party
valuations before reaching this determination. Our determinations of the fair value of our investments have a material impact on our net
earnings through the recording of unrealized appreciation or depreciation of investments as well as our assessment of interest income
recognition. Our net asset value could be affected materially if our determinations of the fair value of our investments differ significantly
from values based on a ready market for these securities. 

We depend upon Management for
our future investment success. 

We depend upon the
diligence and skill of our Management to select, structure, close and monitor our investments. Management is responsible for identifying,
structuring, evaluating, monitoring, and disposing of our investments, and the services they collectively provide significantly impact
our results of operations. Our future success will depend to a significant extent on the continued service and coordination of Management.
Our success will depend on our ability to retain our existing Management and to recruit additional other highly qualified individuals.
If we are unable to integrate new investment and management personnel, we may be unable to achieve our desired investment results. 

Management may not be able to
implement our investment objective successfully. 

Our Board is taking
a more opportunistic approach to our portfolio investment strategy, shifting our investment emphasis from manufacturing and services to
other sectors, such as energy. In order to implement our investment strategy, Management must analyze, conduct due diligence, invest in,
monitor and sell investment interests in industries in which many of them have not previously been involved. Also, we expect that our
investment strategy will continue to require Management to investigate and monitor investments that are much more broadly dispersed geographically.
In addition, Management is required to provide valuations for investments in a broader range of securities, including debt securities,
which may require expertise beyond that previously required. We cannot assure investors that the overall risk of their investment in the
Fund will be reduced as a result of our investment strategy. If we cannot achieve our investment objective successfully, the value of
your investment in our common stock could decline substantially. 

We may not realize gains from our
equity investments. 

We frequently invest
in the equity securities of our portfolio companies. Also, when we make a loan, we sometimes receive warrants to acquire stock issued
by the borrower. Ultimately, our goal is to sell these equity interests and realize gains. These equity interests may not appreciate and,
in fact, may depreciate in value. For Equus Energy and other investments we may make in the future, the market value of our equity investments
may fall below our estimate of the fair value of such investments before we sell them. Given these factors, there is a risk that we will
not realize gains upon the sale of those or other investment interests that we hold. 

15 

 Table of Contents 

Our holdings in Equus Energy are
subject to commodity price declines endemic to oil and gas companies. 

The oil and gas business
is fundamentally a commodity-based enterprise. This means that the operations and earnings of Equus Energy may be significantly affected
by changes in prices of oil, gas and natural gas liquids. The prices of these products are also dependent upon local, regional and global
events or conditions that affect supply and demand for the relevant commodity. In addition, the pricing of these commodities is highly
dependent upon technological improvements in energy production and development, energy efficiency, and seasonal weather patterns. Moreover,
as a worldwide commodity, the price of oil and natural gas is also influenced by global demand, changes in currency exchange rates, interest
rates, and inflation. Equus Energy does not employ any hedging strategies in respect of its oil and gas holdings and is therefore subject
to price fluctuations resulting from these and other factors. The operational results and financial condition of Equus Energy, as well
as the economic attractiveness of future capital expenditures for new drilling and recompletions, may be materially adversely affected
as a result of lower oil and gas prices. 

We may
not be able to make additional investments in our portfolio companies from time to time, which may dilute our interests in such companies. 

After our initial
investment in a portfolio company, we may be called upon from time to time to provide additional funds to such company, or may have the
opportunity to increase our investment in that company through the exercise of a warrant to purchase common stock or through follow-on
investments in the debt or equity of that company. We cannot assure you that we will make, or have sufficient funds to make, any such
follow-on investments. Any decision by us not to make a follow-on investment or any inability on our part to make such an investment may
have a negative impact on a portfolio company in need of investment and may result in a missed opportunity for us to increase our participation
in a successful operation. A decision not to make a follow-on investment may also require us to subordinate our debt interest to a new
lender or dilute our equity interest in, or reduce the expected yield on, our investment. 

We have invested in a limited
number of portfolio companies. 

The Fund is classified
as a non-diversified investment company under the 1940 Act, which means we are not limited in the proportion of our assets
that may be invested in the securities of a single issuer. As a matter of policy, we generally have not initially invested more than 25 
of the value of our net assets in a single portfolio company. In view of the net asset value of the Fund as of December 31, 2022 and the
fact that our sole portfolio investment consists of our equity holding in Equus Energy, however, we would expect that any new investments
may exceed this percentage for the immediate future. Moreover, follow-on investments, disproportionate increases or decreases in the fair
value of certain portfolio companies or sales of investments may result in more than 25 of our net assets being invested in a single
portfolio company at a particular time. 

A consequence of
a limited number of investments is that changes in business or industry trends or in the financial condition, results of operations or
the market s assessment of any single portfolio company will affect our net asset value and the market price of our common stock
to a greater extent than would be the case if we were a diversified company holding a greater number of investments. 

16 

 Table of Contents 

The lack of liquidity of our privately
held securities may adversely affect our business. 

Our portfolio investments
consist principally of securities that are subject to restrictions on sale because they are not listed or publicly traded securities.
If any of these securities were to become publicly traded, our ability to sell them may still be restricted because we acquired them from
the issuer in private placement transactions or because we may be deemed to be an affiliate of the issuer. We will not be
able to sell these securities publicly without the expense and time required to register the securities under the Securities Act and applicable
state securities laws, unless an exemption from such registration requirements is available. In addition, contractual or practical limitations
may restrict our ability to liquidate our securities in portfolio companies because those securities are privately held and we may own
a relatively large percentage of the issuer s outstanding securities. Sales also may be limited by market conditions, which may
be unfavorable for sales of securities of particular issuers or generally. The illiquidity of our investments may preclude or delay any
disposition of such securities, which may make it difficult for us to obtain cash equal to the value at which we record our investments
if the need arises. 

In situations
where we hold junior priority liens, our ability to control decisions with respect to our portfolio companies may be limited by lenders
holding superior liens. In a default scenario, the value of collateral may be insufficient to repay us after the senior priority lenders
are paid in full. 

We may make certain
loans to portfolio companies that are secured by a junior priority security interest in the same collateral pledged to secure debt owed
to lenders with liens senior to ours. Often, the senior lender has procured covenants from the portfolio company prohibiting the incurrence
of additional secured debt without the senior lender's consent. As a condition of permitting the portfolio company to incur junior secured
indebtedness, the senior lender will require that we, as junior lender, enter into an intercreditor agreement that, among other things,
will establish the senior lender's right to control the disposition of any collateral in the event of an insolvency proceeding or other
default situation. In addition, intercreditor agreements generally will expressly subordinate junior liens to senior liens as well as
the repayment of junior debt to senior debt. 

Because of the control
we may cede to senior lenders under intercreditor agreements, we may be unable to control the manner or timing of collateral disposition.
In addition, the value of collateral securing our debt investment will ultimately depend on market and economic conditions at the time
of disposal, the availability of buyers and other factors. Therefore, we cannot assure you that the proceeds, if any, from the sale or
sales of all of the collateral would be sufficient to satisfy the loan obligations secured by our liens. There is also a risk that such
collateral securing our investments will be difficult to sell in a timely manner or to appraise. If the proceeds of the collateral are
insufficient to repay our loans, then we will have an unsecured claim to the extent of the deficiency against any of the company's remaining
assets, which claim will likely be shared with many other unsecured creditors. 

As a debt
or minority equity investor in a portfolio company, we may have little direct influence over the entity. The stockholders and management
of the portfolio company may make decisions that could decrease the value of our portfolio holdings. 

We may make both
debt and minority equity investments. Should a portfolio company make business decisions with which we disagree, of the stockholders and
management of that company take risks or otherwise act in ways that do not serve our interests, the value of our portfolio holdings could
decrease and have an adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. 

17 

 Table of Contents 

We may choose
to waive or defer enforcement of covenants in the debt securities held in our portfolio, which may cause us to lose all or part of our
investment in these companies. 

We may structure
the debt investments in our portfolio companies to include business and financial covenants placing affirmative and negative obligations
on the operation of the company s business and its financial condition. However, from time to time we may elect to waive breaches
of these covenants, including our right to payment, or waive or defer enforcement of remedies, such as acceleration of obligations or
foreclosure on collateral, depending upon the financial condition and prospects of the particular portfolio company. These actions may
reduce the likelihood of our receiving the full amount of future payments of interest or principal and be accompanied by a deterioration
in the value of the underlying collateral as many of these companies may have limited financial resources, may be unable to meet future
obligations and may go bankrupt. This could negatively impact our ability to pay dividends, could adversely affect our results of operation
and financial condition and cause the loss of all or part of your investment. 

We expect to have limited public information regarding
the companies in which we may invest. 

Our portfolio consists
entirely of securities issued by privately-held companies. There is generally little or no publicly available information about such companies,
and we must rely on the diligence of Management to obtain the information necessary for our decision to invest in them and in order to
monitor them effectively. We cannot assure you that such diligence efforts will uncover all material information about such privately
held businesses necessary to make fully informed investment decisions. 

Our prospective portfolio companies may be highly leveraged. 

Investments in leveraged
buyouts and in highly leveraged companies involve a high degree of business and financial risk and can result in substantial losses. A
leveraged company s income and net assets will tend to increase or decrease at a greater rate than if borrowed money were not used.
The use of leverage by portfolio companies also magnifies the increase or decrease in the value of our investment as compared to the overall
change in the enterprise value of a portfolio company. 

Some of our portfolio
companies have incurred substantial debt in relation to their equity capital. Such indebtedness generally has a term that will require
that the balance of the loan be refinanced when it matures. If a portfolio company cannot generate adequate cash flow to meet the principal
and interest payments on its debt or is not successful in refinancing the debt upon its maturity, our investment could be reduced or eliminated
through foreclosure on the portfolio company s assets or by the portfolio company s reorganization or bankruptcy. 

A substantial portion
of the debt incurred by portfolio companies may bear interest at rates that fluctuate in accordance with a stated interest rate index
or the prime lending rate. The cash flow of a portfolio company may not be sufficient to meet increases in interest payments on its debt.
Accordingly, the profitability of our portfolio companies, as well as the value of our investments in such companies, will depend significantly
upon prevailing interest rates. An increase in prevailing interest rates may have an adverse effect on the ability of our portfolio companies
to service their floating rate debt and on their profits. 

Leverage may impair
the ability of our portfolio companies to finance their future operations and capital needs. As a result, the ability of our portfolio
companies to respond to changing business and economic conditions and to business opportunities may be limited. 

18 

 Table of Contents 

Our business depends on external financing. 

Our business requires
a substantial amount of cash to operate. We may borrow funds to pay contingencies or expenses or to make investments, to maintain our
pass-through tax status as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. We are permitted under the 1940 Act to borrow if, immediately after the
borrowing, we have an asset coverage ratio of at least 150 . That is, we may borrow an amount equal to double the fair value of our total
net assets (including investments made with borrowed funds). The amount and nature of any such borrowings depend upon a number of factors
over which we have no control, including general economic conditions, conditions in the financial markets and the impact of the financing
on the tax treatment of our stockholders. The use of leverage, even on a short-term basis, could have the effect of magnifying increases
or decreases in our net asset value. 

While the spread 
between the current yields on our investments and the cost of any loan would augment the return to our stockholders, if the spread narrows
(because of an increase in the cost of debt or insufficient income on our investments), our net investment income, and consequently our
ability to provide distributions to our stockholders, could be adversely affected. This may also render us unable to meet our obligations
to our lenders, which might then require us to liquidate some or all of our investments. We cannot assure you that we would realize full
value for our investments or recoup all of our capital if we needed to liquidate our portfolio investments. 

Many financial institutions
are unwilling to lend against a portfolio of illiquid, private securities. The make-up of our portfolio has made it more difficult for
us to borrow at the level and on the terms that we desire. Our borrowings have historically consisted of a revolving line of credit which
has since expired, and a margin account used quarterly to enable us to achieve adequate diversification to maintain our pass- through
tax status as a RIC. Although we believe the Fund s liquidity is sufficient for our operating expenses for the next twelve months,
we could be wrong. If we are wrong, we would have to obtain capital from other sources to pay Fund expenses, which could involve selling
our portfolio holdings at an inopportune time and at a price that may be less than would be received if such holding were sold in a more
competitive and orderly manner. 

The costs of borrowing
money may exceed the income from the portfolio securities we purchase with the borrowed money. We will suffer a decline in net asset value
if the investment performance of the additional securities purchased with borrowed money fails to cover their cost to the Fund (including
any interest paid on the money borrowed). A decline in net asset value could affect our ability to make distributions on our common stock.
Our failure to distribute a sufficient portion of our net investment income and net realized capital gains could result in a loss of pass-through
tax status or subject us to a 4 excise tax. If the asset coverage for debt securities issued by the Fund declines to less than 150 (as
a result of market fluctuations or otherwise), we may be required to sell a portion of our investments when it is disadvantageous to do
so. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 

19 

 Table of Contents 

We have had net investment losses in the past five
years. 

We have had net investment
losses in the past five years, with a net investment loss of 3.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. We cannot assure you that
we will be able to increase our net assets or generate net investment income. If we fail to increase the Fund s net assets or generate
net investment income, such failure will likely have a material adverse effect upon the Fund, our results of operation, and our financial
condition. You could lose all or a substantial amount of your investment in the Fund as a result. 

We do not currently
intend to recommence our managed distribution policy and you might not receive dividends on your shares. 

On March 24, 2009,
we announced a suspension of our managed distribution policy and payment of quarterly dividends for an indefinite period. As originally
implemented, the policy provided for quarterly dividends at an annualized rate equal to 10 of the Fund s market value per share
as at the end of the preceding calendar year. We subsequently undertook certain changes in our Board and Management. These changes have
been pursued, in part, with the objective of increasing the number of attractive investment opportunities to us and revising our investment
strategy to include more recurrent cash income producing investments, all of which could ultimately result in the resumption of our managed
distribution policy at some time in the future. The implementation of these revisions to our investment strategy and the recurrent generation
of cash income from our investments, however, cannot be guaranteed and will not occur if we complete the transformation of Equus into
an operating company. If we were unable to resume our managed distribution policy and were further unable to profitably sell or otherwise
dispose of our portfolio company investments, you might not receive dividends on your shares. 

We operate in a highly competitive market for investment
opportunities. 

We compete with a
large number of private equity funds and mezzanine funds, investment banks and other equity and non-equity-based investment funds, investment
entities, foreign investors and individuals and other sources of financing, including traditional financial services companies such as
commercial banks. In recent years, the number of investment vehicles seeking small capitalization investments has increased dramatically.
Many of our competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial resources than we do, and some may be subject
to different and frequently less stringent regulation. As our portfolio size increases, we expect that some of our investments will be
larger. We believe that we will face increased competition to participate in these larger transactions. These competitors may have a lower
cost of funds and many have access to funding sources that are not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher
risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish more relationships
and build their market shares. As a result of this competition, we may not be able to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities
from time to time. We cannot assure you that the competitive pressures we face will not have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

An economic downturn could affect our operating results. 

An economic downturn
may have a particularly adverse effect upon small and medium-sized companies, which are our primary market for investments. During periods
of volatile economic conditions, these companies often experience decreased revenues, financial losses, difficulty in obtaining access
to financing and increased funding costs. During such periods, these companies also may have difficulty expanding their businesses and
operations and may be unable to meet their debt service obligations or other expenses as they become due. Any of the foregoing developments
could cause the value of our investments in these companies to decline. In addition, during periods of adverse economic conditions, we
may have difficulty accessing financial markets, which could make it more difficult or impossible for us to obtain funding for additional
investments. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

20 

 Table of Contents 

We may experience fluctuations in our quarterly results. 

We may experience
fluctuations in our quarterly operating results due to a number of factors, including variations in, and the timing of, the recognition
of realized and unrealized gains or losses, the degree to which we encounter competition in our markets, the ability to find and close
suitable investments and general economic conditions. The volatility of our results is exacerbated by our relatively small number of investments.
As a result of these factors, you should not rely on our results for any period as being indicative of performance in future periods. 

The due diligence process that
we undertake in connection with our investments may not reveal all facts that may be relevant in connection with an investment. 

Before making our
investments, we conduct due diligence that we deem reasonable and appropriate based on the facts and circumstances applicable to each
investment. The objective of the due diligence process is to identify attractive investment opportunities based on the facts and circumstances
surrounding an investment and to prepare a framework that may be used from the date of an acquisition to drive operational achievement
and value creation. When conducting due diligence, we evaluate a number of important business, financial, tax, accounting, environmental
and legal issues in determining whether or not to proceed with an investment. Our due diligence review with respect to a potential portfolio
company typically includes, but is not limited to, a review of historical and prospective financial information including audits and budgets,
on-site visits and interviews with management, employees, customers and vendors, a review of business plans and an analysis of the consistency
of operations with those plans, and other research relating to the company, management, industry, markets, products and services, and
competitors. Outside consultants, legal advisers, accountants and investment banks are expected to be involved in the due diligence process
in varying degrees depending on the type of investment. Nevertheless, when conducting due diligence and making an assessment regarding
an investment, we are required to rely on resources available to us, including information provided by the portfolio company and, in some
circumstances, third party investigations. The due diligence process may at times be subjective, including with respect to newly organized
companies for which only limited information is available. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that the due diligence investigation that
we will carry out with respect to any investment opportunity will reveal or highlight all relevant facts that may be necessary or helpful
in evaluating such investment opportunity. We also cannot assure you that such an investigation will result in an investment being successful. 

Risks Related to Our Potential Use of Leverage 

The use of leverage may adversely affect our performance. 

We may utilize leverage
for the Fund or its subsidiaries by borrowing or issuing preferred stock or short-term debt securities. Borrowings and other capital generated
from leverage will result in lenders and other creditors with fixed dollar claims on our assets that are superior to the claims of our
common shareholders. If the value of our assets increases, then leveraging would cause the net asset value attributable to our common
stock to increase more sharply than it would have had we not leveraged. Conversely, if the value of our assets decreases, leveraging would
cause net asset value to decline more sharply than it otherwise would have had we not leveraged. Similarly, any increase in our income
in excess of interest payable on the borrowed funds would cause our net income to increase more than it would without the leverage, while
any decrease in our income would cause net income to decline more sharply than it would have had we not borrowed. Leverage is generally
considered a speculative investment technique. 

The use of leverage may cause us to sell our portfolio
interests prematurely. 

If we remain a BDC
and borrow monies for our additional portfolio investments, we may secure loans or otherwise borrow funds from conventional banks, other
lending institutions, or private parties, which parties may include the sellers of the investment interests being acquired. In the event
Equus defaults under any of these borrowing arrangements, our business could be adversely affected as we may be forced to sell a portion
of our investments quickly and prematurely at what may be disadvantageous prices to us in order to meet our outstanding payment obligations,
the result of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

21 

 Table of Contents 

The use of leverage will increase our exposure to changes
in market rates of interest. 

To date, we have
not incurred leverage to acquire portfolio investments. If we begin to take on leverage to make portfolio investments, we will be subject
to risks associated with the current interest rate environment and changes in interest rates will affect our cost of capital and net investment
income. The use of leverage will also affect our net investment income, which will depend, in part, upon the difference between the rate
at which we borrow funds and the rate at which we invest those funds. As a result, we cannot assure you that a significant change in market
interest rates would not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income. 

Risks Related to Our Business and Structure 

Our ability to invest in private companies may be limited
in certain circumstances. 

As noted elsewhere
herein, on November 1, 2022 we received authorization from our stockholders to withdraw our election to be classified as a BDC. Although
this authorization expired on February 28, 2023, we expect to receive an additional authorization from our stockholders in the future.
Accordingly, our management is currently evaluating potential transactions that would result in the transformation of Equus into an operating
company instead of a BDC and the withdrawal of our BDC election within this time frame, but we may nevertheless not consummate any such
transformation and remain a BDC. If we maintain our status as a BDC and do not complete the transformation to become an operating company
or a permanent capital vehicle, we must not acquire any assets other than qualifying assets unless, at the time of and after
giving effect to such acquisition, at least 70 of our total assets are qualifying assets. A principal category of qualifying assets relevant
to our business is securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from issuers that qualify as eligible portfolio
companies under the 1940 Act. Investments in companies organized outside of the United States or having a principal place of business
outside of the United States are also not considered eligible portfolio companies. 

22 

 Table of Contents 

Any failure on our part to maintain the Fund s status
as a BDC could reduce our operating flexibility. 

If we do not maintain
the Fund s status as a BDC and we do not complete the transformation of Equus into an operating company, we might be regulated as
a closed-end investment company under the 1940 Act, which would subject us to substantially more regulatory restrictions under the 1940
Act. This could impose tighter limitations on Equus in terms of the use of leverage and transactions with affiliated entities. Such developments
could correspondingly decrease our operating flexibility. 

We
may not continue to qualify as a RIC under the Code. 

To remain entitled
to the tax benefits accorded to RICs under the Code while we maintain our status as a BDC, we must meet certain income source, asset diversification
and annual distribution requirements. To qualify as a RIC, we must derive each taxable year at least 90 of our gross income from dividends,
interest, payments with respect to certain securities loans, gains from the sale of stock or other securities or foreign currencies, or
other income derived with respect to our business of investing in such stock or securities or currencies and net income from interests
in certain qualified publicly traded partnerships. The annual distribution requirement for a RIC is satisfied if we distribute
at least 90 of our ordinary net taxable income and realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital
losses, if any, to our stockholders on an annual basis. 

As discussed above
in Our business depends on external financing, we historically have borrowed funds necessary to make qualifying investments
to satisfy the Subchapter M diversification requirements. If we fail to satisfy such diversification requirements and cease to qualify
for conduit tax treatment, we will be subject to income tax on our income and gains and will not be permitted to deduct distributions
paid to stockholders. 

In addition, our
distributions will be taxable as dividends to the extent paid from earnings and profits. We may also cease to qualify as a RIC or be subject
to income tax and/or a 4 excise tax, if we fail to distribute a sufficient portion of our net investment income and net realized capital
gains. The loss of our RIC qualification would have a material adverse effect on the total return, if any, obtainable from an investment
in our common stock. 

Because
we intend to distribute substantially all of our income and net realized capital gains to our stockholders, if we continue to operate
as a BDC and as a RIC, we will need additional capital to finance our growth. 

As noted above, inasmuch
as we expect to receive a future authorization from our stockholders to withdraw our election to be classified as a BDC, such withdrawal
also means that we will not operate as a RIC. Our management is currently evaluating potential transactions that would result in the transformation
of Equus into an operating company and the withdrawal of our BDC election and RIC status within this time frame, but we may nevertheless
not consummate any such transformative transaction and remain a BDC and continue to seek to qualify as a RIC. In order to qualify as a
RIC, to avoid payment of excise taxes and to minimize or avoid payment of income taxes, for so long as we maintain our status as a BDC,
we intend to distribute to our stockholders substantially all of our net ordinary income and realized net capital gains except for certain
net long- term capital gains (which we may retain, pay applicable income taxes with respect thereto, and elect to treat as deemed distributions
to our stockholders). As a BDC, we are generally required to meet a coverage ratio of total assets to total senior securities, which includes
all of our borrowings and any preferred stock we may issue in the future, of at least 150 . This requirement limits the amount that we
may borrow. Because we will continue to need capital to grow our investment portfolio, this limitation may prevent us from incurring debt
and require us to issue additional equity at a time when it may be disadvantageous to do so. We cannot assure you that debt and equity
financing will be available to us on favorable terms, or at all, and debt financings may be restricted by the terms of any of our outstanding
borrowings. In addition, as a BDC, we are generally not permitted to issue equity securities priced below net asset value without stockholder
approval. If additional funds are not available to us, we could be forced to curtail or cease new lending and investment activities, and
our net asset value could decline. 

23 

 Table of Contents 

Our Board of
Directors may change our investment objective, operating policies and strategies without prior notice or stockholder approval. 

Our Board of Directors
has the authority to modify or waive certain of our operating policies and strategies without prior notice (except as required by the
1940 Act) and without stockholder approval. However, absent stockholder approval, we may not change the nature of our business so as to
cease to be, or withdraw our election as, a BDC. As described above under Significant Developments Authorization to
Withdraw BDC Election , our shareholders have recently provided this authorization and may do so again in the future, although
we will not withdraw our election as a BDC unless and until we have entered into a definitive agreement to effect the transformation of
Equus into an operating company. We cannot predict the effect any changes to our current operating policies and strategies would have
on our business, operating results and value of our stock. Nevertheless, any such effects may adversely affect our business and impact
our ability to make distributions. 

Risks Related to Our Operation
as a BDC 

Our ability to enter into transactions
with our affiliates is restricted. 

As noted above, on
November 1, 2022, our stockholders authorized our Board and Chief Executive Officer to withdraw our election to be classified as a BDC
and, although this authorization expired on February 28, 2023, we expect to receive a further authorization from our stockholders in the
future. Accordingly, our management is currently evaluating potential transactions that would result in the transformation of Equus into
an operating company and the withdrawal of our BDC election within this time frame, but we may nevertheless not consummate any such transformative
transaction and remain a BDC. If we maintain our status as a BDC and do not complete a transformation into an operating company or a permanent
capital vehicle, we will continue to be subject to the 1940 Act. As an investment company, we are prohibited under the 1940 Act from participating
in certain transactions with certain of our affiliates without the prior approval of our independent directors and, in some cases, the
SEC. Any person that owns, directly or indirectly, 5 or more of our outstanding voting securities is our affiliate for purposes of the
1940 Act, and we generally are prohibited from buying or selling any security from or to such affiliate, absent the prior approval of
our independent directors. The 1940 Act also prohibits certain joint transactions with certain of our affiliates, which
could include investments in the same portfolio company (whether at the same or different times), without prior approval of our independent
directors and, in some cases, the SEC. If a person acquires more than 25 of our voting securities, we are prohibited from buying or selling
any security from or to such person or certain of that person s affiliates, or entering into prohibited joint transactions with
such persons, absent the prior approval of the SEC. Similar restrictions limit our ability to transact business with our officers or directors
or their affiliates. 

24 

 Table of Contents 

Regulations governing our operation
as a BDC affect our ability to, and the way in which we, raise additional capital. 

Our business requires
a substantial amount of additional capital. We may acquire additional capital from the issuance of senior securities or other indebtedness,
the issuance of additional shares of our common stock or from securitization transactions. However, we may not be able to raise additional
capital in the future on favorable terms or at all. We may issue debt securities or preferred securities, which we refer to collectively
as senior securities, and we may borrow money from banks or other financial institutions, up to the maximum amount permitted
by the 1940 Act. The 1940 Act permits us to issue senior securities or incur indebtedness only in amounts such that our asset coverage,
as defined in the 1940 Act, equals at least 150 after such issuance or incurrence. Our ability to pay dividends or issue additional senior
securities would be restricted if our asset coverage ratio were not at least 150 . If the value of our assets declines, we may be unable
to satisfy this test. If that happens, we may be required to liquidate a portion of our investments and repay a portion of our indebtedness
at a time when such sales may be disadvantageous. 

Senior Securities .
As a result of issuing senior securities, we would also be exposed to typical risks associated with leverage, including an increased risk
of loss. If we issue preferred securities, they would rank senior to common stock in our capital structure. Preferred stockholders
would have separate voting rights and may have rights, preferences or privileges more favorable than that of our common stockholders.
Furthermore, the issuance of preferred securities could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change
of control that might involve a premium price for our common stockholders or otherwise be in your best interest. 

Additional Common
Stock. Our Board of Directors may decide to issue common stock to finance our operations rather than issuing debt or other senior
securities. As a BDC, we are generally not able to issue our common stock at a price below net asset value without first obtaining required
approvals from our stockholders and our independent directors. In any such case, the price at which our securities are to be issued and
sold may not be less than a price, that in the determination of our Board of Directors, closely approximates the market value of such
securities (less any commission or discount). We may also make rights offerings to our stockholders at prices per share less than the
net asset value per share, subject to the 1940 Act. If we raise additional funds by issuing more common stock or senior securities convertible
into, or exchangeable for, our common stock, the percentage ownership of our stockholders at that time would decrease, and you may experience
dilution. 

Changes in the laws or regulations
governing our business, or changes in the interpretations thereof, and any failure by us to comply with these laws or regulations, could
negatively affect the profitability of our operations . 

To the extent we
remain a BDC, changes in the laws or regulations or the interpretations of the laws and regulations that govern BDCs, RICs or non-depository
commercial lenders, could significantly affect our operations and our cost of doing business. We are subject to federal, state and local
laws and regulations and are subject to judicial and administrative decisions that affect our operations, including our loan originations,
maximum interest rates, fees and other charges, disclosures to portfolio companies, the terms of secured transactions, collection and
foreclosure procedures and other trade practices. If these laws, regulations or decisions change, or if we expand our business into jurisdictions
that have adopted more stringent requirements than those in which we currently conduct business, we may have to incur significant expenses
in order to comply or we might have to restrict our operations. In addition, if we do not comply with applicable laws, regulations and
decisions, we may lose licenses needed for the conduct of our business and be subject to civil fines and criminal penalties, any of which
could have a material adverse effect upon our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

25 

 Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Our Plan to Transform Equus Into an Operating Company 

In our efforts to pursue the
transformation of Equus into an operating company, we are exploring and evaluating strategic alternatives for the Fund and we cannot assure
you that we will be successful in identifying a strategic alternative, that such strategic alternative will yield additional value for
our stockholders or that the process will not have an adverse impact on our business. 

In prior years, we
announced our plan to effect the restructuring of the Fund as an operating company no longer subject to the 1940 Act, which transaction
could take the form of a sale of Equus, a restructuring, a recapitalization, merger, or other business combination, or the conversion
of Equus into a permanent capital vehicle. We cannot provide any assurance that the exploration of strategic alternatives will result
in the identification or consummation of a transformative transaction of Equus into an operating company or permanent capital vehicle.
Similarly, any strategic decision will involve risks and uncertainties, and we cannot provide any assurance that any strategic alternative,
if identified, evaluated and consummated, will provide the anticipated benefits or otherwise enhance stockholder value. The process is
ongoing and, although we believe we will consummate a transaction that would result in the transformation of Equus into an operating company
during 2023, we may be wrong. Our Board of Directors has not set a timetable for completion of the evaluation of a potential transaction. 

We expect to incur
substantial costs associated with identifying and evaluating potential strategic alternatives incident to a transformative transaction.
Any potential transaction would be dependent upon a number of factors that may be beyond our control, including, among other factors,
market conditions, industry trends, the interest of third parties in our business, stockholder approval and the availability of financing
to potential buyers or to Equus on reasonable terms. The process of exploring strategic alternatives may be time consuming and disruptive
to our business operations. We are also subject to other risks in connection with the uncertainty created by the strategic review process,
including stock price volatility and the ability to retain qualified employees. We do not currently intend to disclose further developments
with respect to this process, unless and until our Board of Directors approves a specific transaction or otherwise concludes the review
of strategic alternatives. 

If we are unable
to effectively manage the strategic review process, our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations could be adversely
affected. 

If we reorganize
as an operating company, we will likely not continue to qualify as a RIC under the Code. 

If we were to reorganize
as an operating company, we would lose our status as a RIC. If we fail to qualify as a RIC, we will be subject to corporate income tax,
which would substantially reduce the amount of income we might otherwise distribute to our shareholders. 

If we reorganize as an operating
company or a permanent capital vehicle, we will not continue to operate as a BDC. 

We have elected to
be classified as a BDC under the 1940 Act. However, if we effect a reorganization of the Fund into an operating company or a permanent
capital vehicle, we will seek to terminate our BDC classification. On November 1, 2022, holders of a majority of the outstanding common
stock of the Fund approved our cessation as a BDC under the 1940 Act and authorized our Board to cause the Fund s withdrawal of
its election to be classified as a BDC. Although this authorization expired on February 28, 2023, we expect to receive a further such
authorization from our stockholders in the future. Nevertheless, if we were to terminate our election to be classified as a BDC and were
still determined by the SEC to constitute an investment company, we would be subject to significantly greater regulatory
requirements and constraints than under those which we presently operate, the result of which could have a material adverse effect on
our results and financial condition. 

26 

 Table of Contents 

If we reorganize as an operating
company or a permanent capital vehicle, we may not be able to utilize our capital losses. 

As noted above, we
may reorganize Equus as an operating company or a permanent capital vehicle. If we reorganize as an operating company or a permanent capital
vehicle, we may lose our ability to offset future income against our cumulative capital losses. If we reorganized as an operating company
or a permanent capital vehicle and were unable to offset future income against these capital losses, the result could have a material
adverse effect on our future operating results and our financial condition. 

If we reorganize as an operating
company or a permanent capital vehicle, our stockholders will no longer have certain protections under the 1940 Act. 

If we withdraw the
Fund s election to be treated as a BDC, Equus will no longer be subject to regulation under the 1940 Act, which is designed to protect
the interests of investors in investment companies. Specifically, our stockholders would no longer have the following protections of the
1940 Act: 

Leverage Limits . We would no longer be subject to the requirement in Section 61 of the 1940 Act that we maintain a ratio of assets to senior securities (such as senior debt or preferred stock) of at least 150 and we would not be limited by statute or regulation to the amount of leverage we could incur. 

Range of Investments . We would no longer be prohibited from investing in certain types of companies, such as brokerage firms, insurance, companies, and investment companies. 

Changes in Financial Reporting . While the conversion of Equus into an operating company will enable us to consolidate the financial results of entities we control, a change in our method of accounting could also reduce the reported value of our investments in controlled privately-held companies by eliminating our ability to report an increase in the fair value of these holdings. 

Protection of Directors and Officers . We would no longer be prohibited from protecting any director or officer against any liability to the Fund or our stockholders arising from willful malfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence, or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of that person s office, although there are similar limitations under Delaware law, our Certificate of Incorporation, and our Bylaws that would still apply. 

Fidelity Bond . We would no longer be required to provide and maintain an investment company blanket bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect us against larceny and embezzlement. 

27 

 Table of Contents 

Director Independence . We would no longer be required to ensure that a majority of our directors are persons who are not interested persons, as that term is defined in the 1940 Act, and certain persons, such as investment bankers, that would be prevented from serving on our Board if we were a BDC. However, assuming we can comply with the NYSE s listing standards for operating companies, we will remain subject to NYSE listing standards that require the majority of directors of a listed company and all members of its compensation, audit and nominating committees to be independent as defined under NYSE rules. 

Affiliate Transactions . We would no longer be subject to provisions of the 1940 Act regulating transactions between BDCs and certain affiliates, although we would still be subject to conflict of interest rules and governance procedures that exist under Delaware law and NYSE rules. 

Share Issuances . We would no longer be subject to provisions of the 1940 Act restricting our ability to issue shares below NAV or in exchange for services, nor would we be restricted in issuing more than one class of equity securities or instruments that could be converted into other classes of equity securities. 

Share Repurchases . We would no longer be restricted under the 1940 Act in our ability to repurchase shares from our stockholders, and would instead be subject only to NYSE rules and Delaware corporate law requirements for such repurchases. 

Change of Business . We would be able to change the nature of our business and fundamental investment policies without having to obtain the approval of our stockholders. 

Director and Officer Incentives . We would no longer require exemptive relief from the SEC before implementing incentive compensation plans for our key executives and non-executive directors. 

28 

 Table of Contents 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. Properties 

We
do not own any real estate or other physical properties. Our principal executive offices are located at 700 Louisiana St. 48 th
 Floor, Houston, Texas 77002. Should we remain a BDC and not consummate the transformation of Equus
into an operating company, we believe that these leased office facilities are suitable and adequate for our business as it is contemplated
to be conducted. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

From time to time,
the Fund is a party to certain proceedings incidental to the normal course of our business including the enforcement of our rights under
contracts with our portfolio companies. While the outcome of any potential legal proceedings cannot at this time be predicted with certainty,
we do not expect that any such proceedings will have a material effect upon the Fund s financial condition or results of operations. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity,
Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securitie s 

Our common stock
is listed on the NYSE under the symbol EQS . We had approximately 2,400 stockholders as of December 31, 2022, 640 of whom
were registered holders. Registered holders do not include those stockholders whose stock has been issued in
street name. As of December 31, 2022, our net asset value per share was 2.61. 

The following table
reflects the high and low closing sales prices per share of our common stock on the NYSE, and net asset value NAV per
share for each of the three years ended December 31, 2022, by quarter: 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Q1 
 Q2 
 Q3 
 Q4 
 Q1 
 Q2 
 Q3 
 Q4 
 Q1 
 Q2 
 Q3 
 Q4 
 
 High 
 2.71 
 2.70 
 2.63 
 1.83 
 2.23 
 1.96 
 2.75 
 2.48 
 1.79 
 1.28 
 1.51 
 2.30 
 
 Low 
 2.20 
 2.35 
 1.49 
 1.39 
 1.61 
 1.82 
 1.88 
 2.12 
 0.95 
 0.95 
 1.14 
 1.10 
 
 NAV 
 2.77 
 2.75 
 2.68 
 2.61 
 2.52 
 2.57 
 2.68 
 2.69 
 2.88 
 3.07 
 2.77 
 2.50 

As a RIC, we are
required to distribute to our stockholders, in a timely manner, at least 90 of our taxable net investment income each year. If we do
not distribute, in a timely manner, 98.2 of our taxable net capital gains and 90 of our taxable net investment income each year (as
well as any portion of the respective 2 balances not distributed in the previous year), we will be subject to a 4 non-deductible federal
excise tax on certain undistributed income of regulated investment companies. Under the 1940 Act, we are not permitted to pay dividends
to stockholders unless we meet certain asset coverage requirements. If taxable net investment income is retained, we will be subject to
federal income and excise taxes. We reserve the right to retain net long-term capital gains in excess of net short-term capital losses
for reinvestment or to pay contingencies and expenses. Such retained amounts, if any, will be taxable to the Fund as long-term capital
gains and our stockholders will be able to claim their proportionate share of the federal income taxes paid by the Fund on such gains
as a credit against their own federal income tax liabilities. Stockholders will also be entitled to increase the adjusted tax basis of
their fund shares by the difference between their undistributed capital gains and their tax credit. 

29 

 Table of Contents 

We invest in companies
that are believed to have a high potential for capital appreciation, and we intend to realize the majority of our profits upon the sale
of our investments in portfolio companies. Consequently, most of the companies in which we invest do not have established policies of
paying annual dividends. However, a portion of the investments in portfolio securities held by the Fund consists of interest-bearing subordinated
debt securities or dividend-paying preferred stock. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Item 7. Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Overview 

Equus is a BDC that
provides financing solutions for privately held middle market and small capitalization companies. We began operations in 1983 and have
been a publicly traded closed-end fund since 1991. Our investment objective is to seek the highest total return, consisting of capital
appreciation and current income. Consistent with our announced intention to transform Equus into an operating company or a permanent capital
vehicle, on November 1, 2022, our shareholders authorized our Board to withdraw our BDC election and, although this authorization expired
on February 28, 2023, we expect to receive a further authorization from our stockholders in the future. Nevertheless, we will not withdraw
this election unless and until we have entered into a definitive agreement to convert Equus into an operating company or a permanent capital
vehicle. Further, we will require a subsequent affirmative vote from holders of a majority of our outstanding voting shares to enter into
any such definitive agreement or change the nature of our business. See Significant Developments Authorization to Withdraw
BDC Election above. 

As a BDC, we are
required to comply with certain regulatory requirements. For instance, we generally have to invest at least 70 of the Fund s total
assets in qualifying assets, including securities of private U.S. companies, certain public U.S. companies with a total
market capitalization not in excess of 250 million, cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities and short-term high-quality debt
investments. Equus is a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code. To qualify as a RIC, we must meet certain source of income and asset diversification
requirements. If we comply with the provisions of Subchapter M, the Fund generally does not have to pay corporate-level income taxes on
any income that is distributed to our stockholders. 

Investment Income .
We generate investment income from interest payable on the debt securities that the Fund holds, dividends received on equity interests
in our portfolio companies and capital gains, if any, realized upon sales of equity and, to a lesser extent, debt securities in the investment
portfolio. Our equity investments may include shares of common and preferred stock, membership interests in limited liability companies
and warrants to purchase additional equity interests. These equity securities may or may not pay dividends, and the exercise prices of
warrants that we acquire in connection with debt investments, if any, vary by investment. Our debt investments in portfolio companies
may be in the form of senior or subordinated loans and may be unsecured or have a first or second lien on some or all of the assets of
the borrower. Our loans typically have a term of three to seven years and bear interest at fixed or floating rates. Interest on these
debt securities is generally payable either quarterly or semiannually. Some promissory notes held by the Fund provide that a portfolio
company may elect to pay interest in cash or provide that discount interest may accrete in the form of original issue discount or payment-in-kind
(PIK) over the life of the notes by adding unpaid interest amounts to the principal balance. Amortization of principal on our debt investments
is generally deferred for several years from the date of initial investment. The principal amount of these debt securities and any accrued
but unpaid interest generally will become due at maturity. We also earn interest income at market rates on investments in short-term marketable
securities. From time to time, we generate income in the form of commitment, origination, structuring, and extension fees in connection
with our investments. We recognize all such fees when earned. 

30 

 Table of Contents 

Expenses. Currently,
our primary operating expenses include director fees and expenses, professional fees, compensation expense, and general and administrative
fees. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, we did not incur any non-recurring expenses. 

Non-Operating
Subsidiary. We have established Equus Total Return (Canada) Inc. as a wholly-owned subsidiary to facilitate payments to Canadian personnel
and contractors who provide services to the Fund. We consider Equus Total Return (Canada) Inc. a disregarded entity for accounting purposes,
inasmuch as it does not have active operations. 

Operating Activities.
 We use cash to make new investments and follow-on investments in our existing portfolio companies. We record these investments at
cost on the applicable trade date. Realized gains or losses are computed using the specific identification method. On an ongoing basis,
we carry our investments in our financial statements at fair value, as determined by our board of directors. See Critical Accounting
Policies Valuation of Investments below. As of December 31, 2022, we had invested 37.6 of our assets in securities
of portfolio companies that constituted qualifying investments under the 1940 Act. At that time, we had invested 100 in membership interests
in limited liability companies. 

Commitments. Under
certain circumstances, we make follow-on investments in some of our portfolio companies. As of December 31, 2022, we had no outstanding
commitments in our portfolio companies. 

Financing Activities.
 From time to time, we use leverage to finance a portion of our investments. We then repay such debt from the sale of portfolio securities.
Under the 1940 Act, we have the ability to borrow funds and issue debt securities or preferred stock that are referred to as senior securities,
subject to certain restrictions, including an overall limitation on the amount of outstanding debt, or leverage, relative to equity of
1.5:1. Because of the nature and size of our portfolio investments, we periodically borrow funds to make qualifying investments in order
to maintain our qualification as a RIC. During 2022 and 2021, we borrowed such funds by accessing a margin account with a securities brokerage
firm. We invest the proceeds of these margin loans in high-quality securities such as U.S. Treasury securities until they are repaid.
We refer to these high-quality investments as restricted assets because they are not generally available for investment
in portfolio companies under the terms of borrowing. If, in the future, we cannot borrow funds to make such qualifying investments at
the end of any future quarter, we may not qualify as a RIC and would become subject to corporate-level income tax on our net investment
income and realized capital gains, if any. In addition, our distributions to stockholders would be taxable as ordinary dividends to the
extent paid from earnings and profits. See Federal Income Tax Considerations . 

Distributions .
So long as we remain a BDC, save for minor exceptions we will continue to pay out net investment income and/or realized capital gains,
if any, on an annual basis as required under the 1940 Act. 

Possible Share
Repurchase. As a closed-end BDC, our shares of common stock are not redeemable at the option of stockholders, and our shares currently
trade at a discount to their net asset value. Our Board has determined that it would be in the best interests of our stockholders to reduce
or eliminate this market value discount. Accordingly, we have been authorized to, and may from time to time, repurchase shares of our
outstanding common stock (including by means of tender offers or privately negotiated transactions) in an effort to reduce or eliminate
this market discount or to increase the net asset value of our shares. We are not required to undertake, and we have not previously undertaken,
any such share repurchases, nor do we further anticipate taking any such action in 2023. 

2016 Equity Incentive Plan 

On June 13, 2016,
our shareholders approved the adoption of our 2016 Equity Incentive Plan Incentive Plan ). On January 10, 2017, the SEC
issued an order approving the Incentive Plan and certain awards intended to be made thereunder. The Incentive Plan is intended to promote
the interests of the Fund by encouraging officers, employees, and directors of the Fund and its affiliates to acquire or increase their
equity interest in the Fund and to provide a means whereby they may develop a proprietary interest in the development and financial success
of the Fund, to encourage them to remain with and devote their best efforts to the business of the Fund, thereby advancing the interests
of the Fund and its stockholders. The Incentive Plan is also intended to enhance the ability of the Fund and its affiliates to attract
and retain the services of individuals who are essential for the growth and profitability of the Fund. 

31 

 Table of Contents 

The Incentive Plan permits the award
of restricted stock as well as common stock purchase options. The maximum number of shares of common stock that are subject to awards
granted under the Incentive Plan is 2,434,728 shares. The term of the Incentive Plan will expire on June 13, 2026. On March 17, 2017,
we granted awards of restricted stock under the Plan to certain of our directors and executive officers in the aggregate amount of 844,500
shares. The awards are each subject to a vesting requirement over a 3-year period unless the recipient thereof is terminated or removed
from their position as a director or executive officer without cause , or as a result of constructive termination, as such
terms are defined in the respective award agreements entered into by each of the recipients and the Fund. We account for share-based
compensation using the fair value method, as prescribed by ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation. Accordingly, for restricted
stock awards, we measure the grant date fair value based upon the market price of our common stock on the date of the grant and amortize
the fair value of the awards as share-based compensation expense over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting term.
In connection with these awards, we recorded compensation expense of 0, 0, and 0.08 million, respectively, for the years ended December
31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

We follow the accounting
and reporting guidance in FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 946 Financial Services Investment Companies . 
Our financial statements are based on the selection and application of significant accounting policies, which require management to make
significant estimates and assumptions. We believe that the following are some of the more critical judgment areas in the application of
our accounting policies that currently affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

Valuation of Investments 

For most of our investments,
market quotations are not available. With respect to investments for which market quotations are not readily available or when such market
quotations are deemed not to represent fair value, our Board has approved a multi-step valuation process each quarter, as described below: 

1. 
 Each portfolio company or investment is reviewed by our investment professionals; 

2. 
 With respect to investments with a fair value exceeding 2.5 million that have been held for more than one year, we engage independent valuation firms to assist our investment professionals. These independent valuation firms conduct independent valuations and make their own independent assessments; 

3. 
 Our Management produces a report that summarizes each of our portfolio investments and recommends a fair value of each such investment as of the date of the report; 

4. 
 The Audit Committee of our Board reviews and discusses the preliminary valuation of our portfolio investments as recommended by Management in their report and any reports or recommendations of the independent valuation firms, and then approves and recommends the fair values of our investments so determined to our Board for final approval; and 

5. 
 The Board discusses valuations and determines the fair value of each portfolio investment in good faith based on the input of our Management, the respective independent valuation firm, as applicable, and the Audit Committee. 

32 

 Table of Contents 

During the first
twelve months after an investment is made, we rely on the original investment amount to determine the fair value unless significant developments
have occurred during this twelve-month period which would indicate a material effect on the portfolio company (such as results of operations
or changes in general market conditions). 

Investments are valued
utilizing a yield analysis, enterprise value EV analysis, net asset value analysis, liquidation analysis, discounted cash
flow analysis, or a combination of methods, as appropriate. The yield analysis uses loan spreads and other relevant information implied
by market data involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities. Under the EV analysis, the EV of a portfolio company is first
determined and allocated over the portfolio company s securities in order of their preference relative to one another (i.e., waterfall 
allocation). To determine the EV, we typically use a market multiples approach that considers relevant and applicable market trading data
of guideline public companies, transaction metrics from precedent M A transactions and/or a discounted cash flow analysis. The net
asset value analysis is used to derive a value of an underlying investment (such as real estate property) by dividing a relevant earnings
stream by an appropriate capitalization rate. 

For this purpose,
we consider capitalization rates for similar enterprises as may be obtained from guideline public companies and/or relevant transactions.
The liquidation analysis is intended to approximate the net recovery value of an investment based on, among other things, assumptions
regarding liquidation proceeds based on a hypothetical liquidation of a portfolio company s assets. The discounted cash flow analysis
uses valuation techniques to convert future cash flows or earnings to a range of fair values from which a single estimate may be derived
utilizing an appropriate discount rate. The measurement is based on the net present value indicated by current market expectations about
those future amounts. 

In applying these
methodologies, additional factors that we consider in fair value pricing our investments may include, as we deem relevant: security covenants,
call protection provisions, and information rights; the nature and realizable value of any collateral; the portfolio company s ability
to make payments; the principal markets in which the portfolio company does business; publicly available financial ratios of peer companies;
the principal market; and enterprise values, among other factors. Also, any failure by a portfolio company to achieve its business plan
or obtain and maintain its financing arrangements could result in increased volatility and result in a significant and rapid change in
its value. 

Our general intent
is to hold our loans to maturity when appraising our privately held debt investments. As such, we believe that the fair value will not
exceed the cost of the investment. However, in addition to the previously described analysis involving allocation of value to the debt
instrument, we perform a yield analysis assuming a hypothetical current sale of the security to determine if a debt security has been
impaired. The yield analysis considers changes in interest rates and changes in leverage levels of the portfolio company as compared to
the market interest rates and leverage levels. Assuming the credit quality of the portfolio company remains stable, the Fund will use
the value determined by the yield analysis as the fair value for that security if less than the cost of the investment. 

We will record unrealized
depreciation on investments when we determine that the fair value of a security is less than its cost basis and will record unrealized
appreciation when we determine that the fair value is greater than its cost basis. 

Because of the inherent
uncertainty of the valuation of portfolio securities which do not have readily ascertainable market values, amounting to 15.7 million
and 13.0 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, our fair value determinations may materially differ from the values
that would have been used had a ready market existed for the securities. As of December 31, 2019, one of our portfolio investments, MVC
Capital, Inc., was publicly listed on the NYSE with 563,894 common shares. In the fourth quarter of 2020, we disposed of these shares,
together with additional shares of MVC that were received as dividends during the first three quarters of that year. 

We adjust our net
asset value for the changes in the value of our publicly held securities, if applicable, and material changes in the value of private
securities, generally determined on a quarterly basis or as announced in a press release, and report those amounts to Lipper Analytical
Services, Inc. Our net asset value appears in various publications, including Barron s and The Wall Street Journal . 

33 

 Table of Contents 

Federal Income Taxes 

Because we are not
required to satisfy RIC requirements as a BDC, we may seek to grow the Fund as a BDC but not necessarily as a RIC. If we continue as a
RIC, we will need to comply with the requirements of the Code necessary for us to qualify as a RIC. So long as we comply with these requirements,
we generally will not be subject to corporate-level federal income taxes on otherwise taxable income (including net realized capital gains)
distributed to stockholders. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we have not accrued any income or excise tax. For the year ended December
31, 2021, we accrued 38,000 in corporate level income tax and excise tax in lieu of making a distribution of net capital gains for the
sale of PalletOne, Inc. This tax was paid in March 2022. We may borrow money from time to time to maintain our status as a RIC under the
Code. See Overview Financing Activities above. 

Interest Income Recognition 

We record interest
income, adjusted for amortization of premium and accretion of discount, on an accrual basis to the extent that we expect to collect such
amounts. We stop accruing interest on investments when we determine that interest is no longer collectible. We may also impair the accrued
interest when we determine that all or a portion of the current accrual is uncollectible. If we receive any cash after determining that
interest is no longer collectible, we treat such cash as payment on the principal balance until the entire principal balance has been
repaid, before we recognize any additional interest income. We accrete or amortize discounts and premiums on securities purchased over
the life of the respective security using the effective yield method. The amortized cost of investments represents the original cost adjusted
for the accretion of discount and/or amortization of premium on debt securities. 

Payment in Kind Interest 

We may have loans
in our portfolio that may pay PIK interest. We add PIK interest, if any, computed at the contractual rate specified in each loan agreement,
to the principal balance of the loan and recorded as interest income. To maintain our status as a RIC, we must pay out to our stockholders
this non-cash source of income in the form of dividends even if we have not yet collected any cash in respect of such investments. 

Current Market Conditions 

U.S. GDP increased
at an annualized rate of 2.7 in the fourth quarter of 2022, compared to an annualized increase of 7.0 for the fourth quarter of 2021,
and 3.2 for the third quarter of 2022. Overall, GDP growth was 2.1 for all of 2022, as compared to 5.9 for all of 2021. The slower
GDP growth in 2022 was largely due to decreases in consumer spending, exports, and inventories. The Conference Board is projecting negative
growth for the first three quarters of 2023 and an overall projected increase of only 0.3 for the entire year, increasing to 1.6 in
2024. The Congressional Budget Office is predicting 0.1 GDP growth for 2023. (Sources: The Conference Board, The Wall Street Journal;
Congressional Budget Office ). 

34 

 Table of Contents 

As of February 2023,
the U.S. unemployment rate stood at 3.4 , the lowest since 1969. Most economists, however, do not project this level to continue, as recessionary
headwinds and lower growth forecasts suggest an increase during the remainder of 2023. Moreover, the labor participation rate remains
at approximately 62.5 , below the pre-pandemic high of 63.3 of February 2020. Most of the recent employment gains in 2022 were due to
gains in the leisure and hospitality industry, healthcare, construction, and social assistance. (Sources: Bureau of Labor Statistics;
Forbes; Trading Economics ). 

Consumer prices,
which had largely been held in check during the pandemic, began to rise steadily beginning in the second half of 2021. By the third quarter
of 2022, inflation had increased to an annualized rate of 8.3 , the highest in over four decades, before tapering in the fourth quarter
and rounding out 2022 at 6.5 for the entire year. The slight downward trend has continued into January 2023, where the U.S. Bureau of
Labor Statistics reported an annualized rate of 6.4 . (Sources: U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics; Trading Economics ). 

Global merger and
acquisition activity in 2022 was 3.6 trillion, a 28 drop from 2021 s all-time high of 5.0 trillion, with larger M A transactions
dropping by 31 compared to 2021. Technology, energy, and healthcare were the sectors that experienced the most significant dealmaking
activity during the year. Higher interest rates were the principal cause of the decline in dealmaking, which slowed considerably in the
second half of 2022. (Source: Wall Street Journal ). 

Private equity firms
experienced a similar slowdown in activity during 2022, with investment activity falling to 1.3 trillion, a 38.6 decrease from 2.21
trillion in 2021. First round investments comprised the largest component of PE activity, amounting to 452.3 billion across approximately
16,000 transactions. Technology, media, and telecommunications were again the industries most represented in private equity transactions
in 2022. (Source: Bloomberg 

During 2022, our
net asset value decreased from 2.69 per share as of December 31, 2021 to 2.61 per share as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31,
2021, our common stock was trading at a 11.6 discount to our net asset value as compared to 45.2 as of December 31, 2022. 

Over the past several
years, we have executed certain initiatives to enhance liquidity, achieve a lower operational cost structure, provide more assistance
to portfolio companies and realize certain of our portfolio investments. Specifically, we changed the composition of our Board of Directors
and Management, terminated certain of our follow-on investments, internalized the management of the Fund, suspended our managed distribution
policy, modified our investment strategy to pursue shorter term liquidation opportunities, pursued non-cash investment opportunities,
and sold certain of our legacy and underperforming investment holdings. We believe these actions continue to be necessary to protect capital
and liquidity in order to preserve and enhance shareholder value. Because our Management is internalized, certain of our expenses should
not increase commensurate with an increase in the size of the Fund and, therefore, if we remain a BDC, we expect to achieve efficiencies
in our cost structure if we are able to grow the Fund. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The Company defines cash equivalents as securities that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash and near their maturity that
they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Generally, only securities with a maturity of
three months or less from the date of purchase would qualify, with limited exceptions. The Company deems that certain money market funds,
U.S. Treasury bills, repurchase agreements and other high-quality, short-term debt securities would qualify as cash equivalents (See Note
2 to the financial statements.) 

35 

 Table of Contents 

We generate cash
primarily from maturities, sales of securities and borrowings, as well as capital gains realized upon the sale of portfolio investments.
We use cash primarily to make additional investments, either in new companies or as follow-on investments in the existing portfolio companies
and to pay the dividends to our stockholders. 

Because of the nature
and size of the portfolio investments, we may periodically borrow funds to make qualifying investments to maintain our tax status as a
RIC. We often borrow such funds by utilizing a margin account with a securities brokerage firm. There is no assurance that such arrangement
will be available in the future. If the Fund is unable to borrow funds to make qualifying investments, it may no longer qualify as a RIC.
The Fund would then be subject to corporate income tax on its net investment income and realized capital gains, and distributions to stockholders
would be subject to income tax as ordinary dividends. 

The Fund has the
ability to borrow funds and issue forms of senior securities representing indebtedness or stock, such as preferred stock, subject to certain
restrictions. Net taxable investment income and net taxable realized gains from the sales of portfolio investments are intended to be
distributed at least annually, to the extent such amounts are not reserved for payment of expenses and contingencies or to make follow-on
or new investments. 

The Fund reserves
the right to retain net long-term capital gains in excess of net short-term capital losses for reinvestment or to pay contingencies and
expenses. Such retained amounts, if any, will be taxable to the Fund as long-term capital gains and stockholders will be able to claim
their proportionate share of the federal income taxes paid on such gains as a credit against their own federal income tax liabilities.
Stockholders will also be entitled to increase the adjusted tax basis of their Fund shares by the difference between their undistributed
capital gains and their tax credit. 

We are evaluating
the impact of current market conditions on our portfolio company valuations and their ability to provide current income. We have followed
valuation techniques in a consistent manner; however, we are cognizant of current market conditions that might affect future valuations
of portfolio securities. We believe that our operating cash flow and cash on hand will be sufficient to meet operating requirements and
to finance routine capital expenditures through the next twelve months. If we effect a Consolidation of the Fund as described under Significant
Developments Authorization to Withdraw BDC Election above, we may utilize some or a substantial portion of our current
liquidity in connection with a contemplated transaction as payment of the purchase price and to pay associated legal, due diligence, accounting,
and other fees. Further, we may borrow funds from financial institutions or other providers of debt capital to provide and pay for a part
of the consideration and expenses necessary to effect a conversion of Equus into an operating company. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

As of December 31,
2022, we had total assets of 41.7 million, of which 15.7 million were invested in portfolio investments and 19.3 million were invested
in cash and cash equivalents. 

As of December 31,
2022, we also had 6.1 million of temporary cash investments and restricted cash, including primarily the proceeds of a quarter-end margin
loan that we incurred to maintain the diversification requirements applicable to a RIC. Of this amount, 6.0 million was invested in U.S.
Treasury bills and 0.06 million represented a required 1 brokerage margin deposit. These securities were held by a securities brokerage
firm and pledged along with other assets to secure repayment of the margin loan. The U.S. Treasury bills matured on January 3, 2023 and
we subsequently repaid this margin loan. The margin interest was paid on February 3, 2023. 

Operating Activities.
 We used 7.7 million in cash for operating activities in 2022. In 2022, we made a 0.2 million investment in the form of a cash advance
in a portfolio company. We paid fees to our professional advisers, directors, banks and others of 3.6 million. 

Financing Activities .
We provided 3.5 million in cash from financing activities for 2022. We did not declare any dividends in 2022. 

36 

 Table of Contents 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

As of December 31,
2021, we had total assets of 39.7 million, of which 13.0 million were invested in portfolio investments and 23.5 million were invested
in cash and cash equivalents. 

As of December 31,
2021, we also had 2.5 million of temporary cash investments and restricted cash, including primarily the proceeds of a quarter-end margin
loan that we incurred to maintain the diversification requirements applicable to a RIC. Of this amount, 2.5 million was invested in U.S.
Treasury bills and 0.02 million represented a required 1 brokerage margin deposit. These securities were held by a securities brokerage
firm and pledged along with other assets to secure repayment of the margin loan. The U.S. Treasury bills matured on January 4, 2022 and
we subsequently repaid this margin loan. The margin interest was paid on February 3, 2022. 

Operating Activities.
 We provided 21.1 million in cash for operating activities in 2021. In 2021, we made a 0.3 million investment in the form of a cash
advance in a portfolio company. We paid fees to our professional advisers, directors, banks and others of 3.4 million, while realizing
a gain of 0.4 million from the disposition of one portfolio company. 

Financing Activities.
 We used 21.5 million in cash from financing activities for 2021. We did not declare any dividends in 2021. 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

As of December 31,
2020, we had total assets of 58.8 million, of which 7.0 million were invested in portfolio investments and 23.6 million were invested
in cash and cash equivalents. 

As of December 31,
2020, we also had 24.2 million of temporary cash investments and restricted cash, including primarily the proceeds of a quarter-end margin
loan that we incurred to maintain the diversification requirements applicable to a RIC. Of this amount, 24.0 million was invested in
U.S. Treasury bills and 0.2 million represented a required 1 brokerage margin deposit. These securities were held by a securities brokerage
firm and pledged along with other assets to secure repayment of the margin loan. The U.S. Treasury bills matured on January 5, 2021 and
we subsequently repaid this margin loan. The margin interest was paid on February 3, 2021. 

Operating Activities.
 We provided 24.6 million in cash for operating activities in 2020. In 2020, we made a non-cash equity conversion of 0.6 million
and a 0.3 million investment in the form of a cash advance in a portfolio company. We paid fees to our professional advisers, directors,
banks and others of 5.2 million, while realizing net capital gains of 18.5 million from the disposition of three portfolio companies. 

Financing Activities.
 We used 5.0 million in cash from financing activities for 2020. We did not declare any dividends in 2020. 

Results of Operations Investment Income and Expense 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 as compared
to Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Total income from
portfolio securities was unchanged at 0 for 2022 and 2021. 

Compensation expense
was comparable from 2021 to 2022, at 1.6 million. 

Professional liability
expense increase to 0.7 million in 2022 from 0.5 million in 2021, primarily due to a increase in premiums. 

As a result of the
factors described above, net investment loss after expenses was relatively unchanged at 3.6 million for 2022 as compared to a net investment
loss of 3.5 million in 2021. 

37 

 Table of Contents 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 as compared to Year Ended
December 31, 2020 

Total income from
portfolio securities was 0 for 2021, compared to 0.3 million in 2020. The decrease was due to the sale of interest-bearing securities
in 2020. 

Compensation expense
in 2021 totaled 1.6 million, a decrease of 1.5 million. Compensation expense in 2020 was 3.1 million. The 2020 amount included bonus
accruals of 990,000, which amount will be paid out over the next three fiscal years. The difference in compensation expense from
2020 to 2021 was a result of bonuses earned in connection with dispositions of certain of the Fund s portfolio investments in 2020. 

Professional fees
decreased to 0.7 million in 2021 from 1.1 million in 2020, primarily due to a decrease in consulting and legal fees. 

General and administrative
expenses were comparable from 2020 to 2021 and were 0.14 million and 0.17 million respectively. 

As a result of the
factors described above, net investment loss after expenses was 3.4 million for 2021 as compared to a net investment loss of 4.9 million
in 2020. 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 as compared to Year Ended
December 31, 2019 

Total income from
portfolio securities was comparable from 2019 to 2020 and were 0.3 million respectively. 

Compensation expense
in 2019 was 1.7 million. Compensation expense in 2020 totaled 3.1 million, an increase of 1.4 million. This amount included bonus accruals
of 990,000, which amount will be paid out over the next three fiscal years. The difference in compensation expense from 2019 to
2020 was a result of bonuses earned in connection with dispositions of certain of the Fund s portfolio investments in 2020. 

Professional fees
increased to 1.1 million in 2020 from 1.0 million in 2019, primarily due to an increase in consulting and legal fees. 

General and administrative
expenses were comparable from 2019 to 2020 and were 0.2 million respectively. 

As a result of the
factors described above, net investment loss after expenses was 4.9 million for 2020 as compared to a net investment loss of 3.4 million
in 2019. 

38 

 Table of Contents 

Summary of Portfolio Investment Activity 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

During 2022, we made
a 0.15 million follow-on investment in Equus Energy, LLC. 

The following table includes summarizes investment activity during the
year ended December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 

Investment
 Activity 

New
 Investments 
 Existing
 Investments 

Portfolio
 Company 
 Cash 
 Non-Cash 
 Follow-On
 Cash 
 PIK 
 Total 
 
 Equus Energy, LLC 

150 
 
 150 

150 
 
 150 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

During 2021, we made
a 0.35 million non-cash follow-on investment in Equus Energy, LLC. 

39 

 Table of Contents 

The following table includes summarizes investment activity during the
year ended December 31, 2021 (in thousands): 

Investment
 Activity 

New
 Investments 
 Existing
 Investments 

Portfolio
 Company 
 Cash 
 Non-Cash 
 Follow-On
 Cash 
 PIK 
 Total 
 
 Equus Energy, LLC 

350 
 
 350 

350 
 
 350 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

During 2020, we received
19,164 shares of MVC in the form of stock dividend payments. 

During 2020, we made
a 0.6 million non-cash follow-on investment in Equus Energy, LLC. 

The following table includes summarizes investment
activity during the year ended December 31, 2020 (in thousands): 

Investment
 Activity 

New
 Investments 
 Existing
 Investments 

Portfolio
 Company 
 Cash 
 Non-Cash 
 Follow-On
 Non-cash 
 PIK 
 Total 
 
 MVC Capital, Inc. 

156 
 156 
 
 Equus Energy, LLC 

561 
 
 561 

561 
 156 
 717 

Realized Gains and Losses 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

We realized capital gains of 1.0 thousand as a result
of disposition of temporary cash investments. 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

During 2021, we received a combination of escrowed
and contingent payments of 3.8 million from the sale of our interest in PalletOne, Inc. in December 2020, realizing a capital gain of
 0.4 million. 

40 

 Table of Contents 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

 During 2020, we liquidated
our investment in 5 th Element Tracking, LLC, receiving 1.2 million in cash, realizing a capital loss of 0.3 million. We sold
our shares in MVC Capital, Inc. for approximately 4.5 million in cash, realizing a capital loss of 2.5 million. We also sold our interest
in PalletOne, Inc., receiving 18.2 million in cash, 3.4 million in a combination of escrowed and contingent payments, realizing a capital
gain of 21.3 million. 

Changes in Unrealized Appreciation of Portfolio Securities 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 

During 2022, we
recorded an increase of 2.5 million in net unrealized appreciation, from an unrealized appreciation of 5.0 million at December 31,
2021 to a net unrealized appreciation of 7.5 million at December 31, 2022. Such change in unrealized appreciation resulted
primarily from the increase in the fair value of our holdings in Equus Energy, LLC of 2.65 million, principally due to an increase
in the cost basis of this investment, as well as increases in oil and gas prices, as well as increases in the short- and long-term
forward pricing curves for these commodities during 2022. 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

During 2021, we
recorded an increase of 5.6 million in net unrealized appreciation, from an unrealized depreciation of 0.6 million at December 31,
2020 to a net unrealized appreciation of 5.0 million at December 31, 2021. Such change in unrealized appreciation resulted
primarily from the increase in the fair value of our holdings in Equus Energy, LLC of 6.0 million, principally due to an increase
in the cost basis of this investment, as well as increases in oil and gas prices, as well as increases in the short- and long-term
foward pricing curves for these commodities during 2021. 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

During 2020, we recorded
a decrease of 26.0 million in net unrealized appreciation, from 25.4 million at December 31, 2019 to a net unrealized depreciation of
 0.6 million at December 31, 2020. Such change in unrealized appreciation resulted primarily from the following changes: 

(i) 
 Transfer of unrealized depreciation to realized loss of our holdings in MVC of 1.7 million in connection with the sale of our shares of MVC; 

(ii) 
 Transfer of unrealized appreciation to realized gain of our holdings in PalletOne, Inc. of 26.1 million in connection with the sale of our common shares of PalletOne, Inc.; and 

(iii) 
 Decrease in the fair value of our holdings in Equus Energy, LLC of 1.6 million, principally due to decreases in gas prices and decreases in the short- and long-term forward pricing curve for oil. 

Portfolio Securities 

As of December 31,
2022, we had active investments in the following portfolio company: 

41 

 Table of Contents 

Equus Energy, LLC 

We formed Equus Energy,
as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Fund, to make investments in companies in the energy sector, with particular emphasis on income-producing
oil gas properties. In December 2011, we contributed 250,000 to the capital of Equus Energy. On December 27, 2012, we invested an
additional 6.8 million in Equus Energy for the purpose of additional working capital and to fund the purchase of 6.6 million in working
interests presently represented by 136 producing and non-producing oil and gas wells, including associated development rights of approximately
21,520 acres situated on 10 separate properties in Texas and Oklahoma. On September 30, 2020, the Fund provided an additional 0.6 million
in capital to Equus Energy for the purpose of additional working capital. On June 30, 2021, the Fund provided an additional 0.35 million
in capital to Equus Energy for the purpose of additional working capital. On December 31, 2022, the Fund provided an additional 0.15
million in capital to Equus Energy for the purpose of additional working capital. The working interests held by Equus Energy range from
a de minimus amount to 50 of the leasehold production of these wells. The wells are operated by a number of experienced operators
such as Burk Royalty, which has operating responsibility for leasehold interests in the Conger Field, representing approximately one-third
of the producing well interests. The assets were purchased from Warren American Oil Company, LLC, a Tulsa-based oil and gas firm. Following
sharp price decreases of oil and gas in the first and second quarters of 2020, short and long-term prices of oil began to recover in the
second half of the year. As a result, the fair value of this holding increased to 15.7 million at December 31, 2022 from 13.0 million
at December 31, 2021. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We had an
operating lease for office space that expired in September 2014. Our current office space lease since December 31, 2020 is on a
month-to-month basis. Rent expense, inclusive of common area maintenance costs, was 90,000 for the year ended December 31,
2022. 

Contractual Obligations 

As of December 31,
2022, we had no outstanding commitments to our portfolio company investments. 

Dividends 

So long as we remain
a BDC, we will continue to pay out net investment income and/or realized capital gains, if any, on an annual basis as required under the
1940 Act. 

Subsequent Events 

Our Management performed
an evaluation of the Fund s activity through the date the financial statements were issued, noting the following subsequent events: 

On January 3, 2023,
our holding in 6.0 million in U. S. Treasury Bills matured and we repaid our year-end margin loan. 

42 

 Table of Contents 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk 

We are subject to
financial market risks, including changes in interest rates with respect to investments in debt securities and outstanding debt payable,
as well as changes in marketable equity security prices. In the future, we may invest in companies outside the United States, including
in Europe and Asia, which would give rise to exposure to foreign currency value fluctuations. We do not use derivative financial instruments
to mitigate any of these risks. The return on investments is generally not affected by foreign currency fluctuations. 

Our investments in
portfolio securities consist of some fixed-rate debt securities. Since the debt securities are generally priced at a fixed rate, changes
in interest rates do not directly affect interest income. In addition, changes in market interest rates are not typically a significant
factor in the determination of fair value of these debt securities, since the securities are generally held to maturity. We determine
their fair values based on the terms of the relevant debt security and the financial condition of the issuer. 

A major portion of
our investment portfolio consists of equity investments in private companies. Modest changes in public market equity prices generally
do not significantly impact the estimated fair value of these investments. However, significant changes in market equity prices can have
a longer-term effect on valuations of private companies, which could affect the carrying value and the amount and timing of gains or losses
realized on these investments. A small portion of the investment portfolio may also consist of common stocks in publicly traded companies.
These investments are directly exposed to equity price risk, in that a hypothetical ten percent change in these equity prices would result
in a similar percentage change in the fair value of these securities. 

We are classified
as a non-diversified investment company under the 1940 Act, which means we are not limited in the proportion of our assets
that may be invested in the securities of a single user. The value of one segment called Energy includes one portfolio company
and was 44.4 of our net asset value, 37.6 of our total assets and 100 of our investments in portfolio company securities (at fair value)
as of December 31, 2022. Changes in business or industry trends or in the financial condition, results of operations, or the market s
assessment of any single portfolio company will affect the net asset value and the market price of our common stock to a greater extent
than would be the case if we were a diversified company holding numerous investments. 

43 

 Table of Contents 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

Index to Financial Statements 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - (BDO USA, LLP; Houston, TX; PCAOB ID#243) 
 45 

Balance Sheets As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 47 

Statements of Operations For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 48 

Statements of Changes in Net Assets For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 49 

Statements of Cash Flows For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 50 

Statements of Selected Per Share Data and Ratios - For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019 and 2018 
 51 

Schedule of Investments December 31, 2022 
 52 

Schedule of Investments December 31, 2021 
 54 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 56 

Schedules of Investments in and Advances to Affiliates For the year ended December 31, 2022 
 78 

44 

 Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

Shareholders and Board of Directors 

 Equus Total Return, Inc. 

Houston, Texas 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We have audited
the accompanying balance sheets of Equus Total Return, Inc. (the Fund ), including the schedules of investments, as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in net assets, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period
ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Table of Contents in Item 15(a)(1) (collectively
referred to as the financial statements and the selected per share data and ratios for each of the five years in the period
then ended. In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Fund as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations, changes in net assets, and its cash flows for each of the three years in
the period ended December 31, 2022, and the selected per share data and ratios for each of the five years in the period ended December
31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for
Opinion 

These financial
statements and the selected per share data and ratios are the responsibility of the Fund s management. Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on the Fund s financial statements and the selected per share data and ratios based on our audits. We are a public
accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to
be independent with respect to the Fund in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of
the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance
with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements and the selected per share data and ratios are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Fund is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of
our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Fund s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements and the selected per share
data and ratios, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining,
on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements and the selected per share data and ratios.
Our procedures included confirmation of securities owned as of December 31, 2022, and 2021 by correspondence with the custodians. Our
audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the
overall presentation of the financial statements and the selected per share data and ratios. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The critical audit matter communicated below
is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to
the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our
especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion
on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions
on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

45 

 Table of Contents 

Valuation of Control Investment 

The Fund's Control Investment at fair value was 15.65
million at December 31, 2022. As described in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Fund s investment portfolio is comprised of
limited liability company investments, which has been determined to be a Level 3 investment and utilizes inputs that are unobservable
and significant to the fair value measurement. Management engaged an independent third-party firm to assist in the determination
of the fair value estimate of the Fund s Control Investment. 

We identified the valuation of the Control Investment
as a critical audit matter. The principal considerations for our determination are the valuation techniques utilized to value this investment such
as the guideline transaction method and the discounted cash flow method, and the use of unobservable inputs in these valuation techniques
which include acreage value, proved reserve multiple, daily production multiple and discount rate. Auditing these elements was complex
because it involved especially subjective auditor judgment, including the extent of specialized skills and knowledge needed. 

The primary procedures we performed to address this
critical audit matter included: 

Testing
 the completeness and accuracy of the underlying information used as inputs in both the guideline
 transaction method and the discounted cash flow method. 

Testing
 mathematical accuracy of the discounted cash flow method. 

Utilizing personnel
 with specialized knowledge and skill in valuation to assist in: (i) evaluating the appropriateness
 of the valuation models used, (ii) evaluating whether unobservable inputs, such
 as the acreage value, proved reserve multiple, daily production multiple, and discount rate
 were reasonable, and (iii) testing mathematical accuracy of the guideline transaction method. 

/s/
BDO USA, LLP 

 We
have served as the Company's auditor since 2014. 

 Houston,
Texas 

 March
28, 2023 

46 

 Table of Contents 

EQUUS TOTAL RETURN, INC. 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31,
 2022 
 December 31,
 2021 

(in thousands, except shares and per share amounts) 

Assets 

Investments in portfolio securities at fair value: 

Control investments (cost at 8,111 and 7,961, respectively) 
 15,650 
 13,000 
 
 Total investments in portfolio securities at fair value 
 15,650 
 13,000 
 
 Temporary cash investments 
 5,998 
 2,500 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 19,224 
 23,465 
 
 Restricted cash 
 60 
 25 
 
 Accounts receivable from affiliates 
 350 
 350 
 
 Other assets 
 382 
 376 
 
 Total assets 
 41,664 
 39,716 
 
 Liabilities and net assets 

Accounts payable 
 107 
 46 
 
 Accrued compensation 
 321 
 792 
 
 Accounts payable to related parties 
 1 
 13 
 
 Borrowing under margin account 
 5,998 
 2,500 
 
 Total liabilities 
 6,427 
 3,351 

Commitments and contingencies (see Note 6) 

Net assets 

Common stock, .001 par value per share; 100,000,000 and 50,000,000 shares authorized and 13,518,000 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Preferred stock, .001 par value per share; 10,000,000 and 5,000,000 shares authorized, respectively 

Common stock, par value 
 13 
 13 
 
 Capital in excess of par value 
 74,685 
 74,685 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (39,461 
 (38,333 
 
 Total net assets 
 35,237 
 36,365 
 
 Net asset value per share 
 2.61 
 2.69 

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of these financial statements 

47 

 Table of Contents 

EQUUS TOTAL RETURN, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Investment income: 

Interest and dividend income: 

Non-affiliate investments - related party 

291 
 
 Total interest and dividend income 

291 
 
 Interest from temporary cash investments 

3 
 
 Other income - director fees 

24 
 
 Total investment income 

318 

Expenses: 

Compensation expense 
 1,564 
 1,632 
 3,155 
 
 Professional fees 
 815 
 720 
 1,107 
 
 Director fees and expenses 
 325 
 329 
 335 
 
 Professional liability expenses 
 720 
 517 
 283 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 130 
 140 
 168 
 
 Mailing, printing and other expenses 
 56 
 87 
 86 
 
 Taxes 
 15 
 25 
 22 
 
 Interest expense 
 4 
 3 
 27 
 
 Total expenses 
 3,629 
 3,453 
 5,183 

Net investment loss 
 (3,629 
 (3,453 
 (4,865 

Net realized gain (loss): 

Affiliate investments 

21,287 
 
 Non-affiliate investments - related party 

(2,486 
 
 Non-affiliate investments 

(266 
 
 Escrow receivable 
 
 429 

Temporary cash investments 
 1 
 
 8 
 
 Net realized gain (loss) 
 1 
 429 
 18,543 

Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of portfolio securities: 

Control investments 
 2,500 
 5,650 
 (1,561 
 
 Affiliate investments 

(26,150 
 
 Non-affiliate investments - related party 

1,741 
 
 Net change in net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of portfolio securities 
 2,500 
 5,650 
 (25,970 

Income Taxes 

Federal and state income, excise and other taxes 
 
 (38 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 
 (1,128 
 2,588 
 (12,292 

Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations per share: 

Basic and diluted 
 (0.08 
 0.19 
 (0.91 
 
 Weighted average shares outstanding: 

Basic and diluted 
 13,518 
 13,518 
 13,518 

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of these financial statements 

48 

 Table of Contents 

EQUUS TOTAL RETURN, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS 

Common Stock 

(in thousands) 
 Number of Shares 
 Par Value 
 Capital in Excess of Par Value 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Total Net Assets 

Balances as of January 1, 2020 
 13,518 
 13 
 56,062 
 (10,086 
 45,989 

Share-based incentive compensation 

80 
 
 80 

Net decrease in net assets resulting from operations 

(12,292 
 (12,292 

Balances as of December 31, 2020 
 13,518 
 13 
 56,142 
 (22,378 
 33,777 

Recharacterization of net capital gains 

18,543 
 (18,543 

Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 

2,588 
 2,588 

Balances as of December 31, 2021 
 13,518 
 13 
 74,685 
 (38,333 
 36,365 

Net decrease in net assets resulting from operations 

(1,128 
 (1,128 

Balances as of December 31, 2022 
 13,518 
 13 
 74,685 
 (39,461 
 35,237 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these
financial statements. 

49 

 Table of Contents 

EQUUS TOTAL RETURN, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended December 31, 
 
 (in thousands) 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Reconciliation of (decrease) increase in net assets resulting from operations to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: 

Net (decrease) increase in net assets resulting from operations 
 (1,128 
 2,588 
 (12,292 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net (decrease) increase in net assets resulting from operations to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: 

Net realized (gain) loss: 

Affiliate investments 

(21,287 
 
 Non-affiliate investments -related party 

2,486 
 
 Non-affiliate investments 

266 
 
 Escrow receivable 
 
 (429 

Temporary cash investments 
 (1 
 
 (8 
 
 Net change in unrealized appreciation of portfolio securities: 

Control investments 
 (2,500 
 (5,650 
 1,561 
 
 Affiliate investments 

26,150 
 
 Non-affiliate investments -related party 

(1,741 
 
 Share-based incentive compensation 

80 
 
 Purchase of portfolio securities 
 (150 
 (350 
 (561 
 
 Dividends exchanged for portfolio securities 

(156 
 
 Net proceeds from dispositions of portfolio securities 
 
 429 
 26,791 
 
 (Purchases) sales of temporary cash investments, net 
 (3,497 
 21,500 
 4,997 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable from affiliates 

350 
 
 Accrued interest and dividend receivable 

489 
 
 Accrued esrow receivable 
 
 3,413 
 (3,413 
 
 Other assets 
 (6 
 (195 
 (40 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 (410 
 (206 
 (23 
 
 Accounts payable to related parties 
 (12 
 11 
 963 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 
 (7,704 
 21,111 
 24,614 
 
 Cash flows from financing activities: 

Borrowings under margin account 
 16,997 
 2,500 
 104,001 
 
 Repayments under margin account 
 (13,499 
 (24,000 
 (108,992 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 3,498 
 (21,500 
 (4,991 
 
 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 (4,206 
 (390 
 19,623 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 
 23,490 
 23,879 
 4,256 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 
 19,284 
 23,490 
 23,879 
 
 Non-cash operating and financing activities: 

Accrued interest or dividends exchanged for portfolio securities - related party 

489 
 
 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Interest paid 
 4 
 4 
 14 
 
 Income taxes paid 
 53 
 25 
 12 

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of these financial statements. 

50 

 Table of Contents 

EQUUS TOTAL RETURN, INC. 

 SELECTED PER SHARE DATA AND RATIOS 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 2018 

Investment income 

0.02 
 0.03 
 0.04 
 
 Expenses 
 0.27 
 0.26 
 0.38 
 0.28 
 0.31 

Net investment loss 
 (0.27 
 (0.26 
 (0.36 
 (0.25 
 (0.27 

Net realized gain (loss) 
 0.00 
 0.03 
 1.37 
 (0.20 

Net change in unrealized appreciation of portfolio securities 
 0.19 
 0.42 
 (2.05 
 0.58 
 0.36 
 
 Net change in unrealized depreciation of portfolio securities - related party 

0.13 
 0.03 
 (0.09 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 
 (0.08 
 0.19 
 (0.91 
 0.16 

Capital transactions: 

Shares issued for portfolio securities 

0.01 
 0.02 
 0.04 
 
 Decrease in net assets resulting from capital transactions 

0.01 
 0.02 
 0.04 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in net assets 
 (0.08 
 0.19 
 (0.90 
 0.18 
 0.04 
 
 Net assets at beginning of period 
 2.69 
 2.50 
 3.40 
 3.22 
 3.18 
 
 Net assets at end of period, basic and diluted 
 2.61 
 2.69 
 2.50 
 3.40 
 3.22 
 
 Weighted average number of shares outstanding during period, 

in thousands 
 13,518 
 13,518 
 13,518 
 13,518 
 13,518 
 
 Market price per share: 

Beginning of period 
 2.38 
 2.16 
 1.82 
 1.96 
 2.40 
 
 End of period 
 1.43 
 2.38 
 2.16 
 1.82 
 1.96 
 
 Selected information and ratios: 

Ratio of expenses to average net assets 
 10.14 
 9.77 
 13.00 
 8.36 
 9.33 
 
 Ratio of net investment loss to average net assets 
 (10.14 
 (9.77 
 (12.20 
 (7.58 
 (8.22 
 
 Ratio of net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations to average net assets 
 (3.15 
 7.38 
 (30.82 
 4.86 
 0.12 
 
 Total return on market price (1) 
 (39.92 
 10.19 
 18.68 
 (7.14 
 (18.33 

(1)
 Total return = [(ending market price per share + year-to-date dividends paid - beginning market
price per share) / beginning market price per share ]. 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements. 

51 

 Table of Contents 

EQUUS TOTAL RETURN, INC. 

 SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 (in thousands, except share data) 

Name and Location of 
 
 Date of Initial 

Cost of 
 Fair 
 
 Portfolio Company 
 Industry 
 Investment 
 Investment 
 Principal 
 Investment 
 Value (1) 

Control Investments: Majority-owned (2) : 

Equus Energy, LLC (3) 
 Houston, TX Energy 
 December 2011 
 Member interest (100 
 8,111 
 8,111 
 15,650 

Total Control Investments: Majority-owned (represents 72.3 of total investments at fair value) 
 8,111 
 15,650 
 
 Temporary Cash Investments 

U.S. Treasury Bill 
 Government 
 December 2022 
 UST 0 1/23 
 5,998 
 5,998 
 5,998 
 
 Total Temporary Cash Investments (represents 27.7 of total investments at fair value) 
 5,998 
 5,998 
 
 Total Investments 

14,109 
 21,648 

(1) See
Note 3 to the financial statements, Valuation of Investments. 

 (2) Majority
owned investments are generally defined under the 1940 Act as companies in which we own more than 50 of the voting securities of the
company. 

 (3) Level
3 Portfolio Investment. 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements. 

52 

 Table of Contents 

SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (Continued) 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

 (in thousands, except share data) 

Our portfolio securities
are restricted from public sale without prior registration under the Securities Act of 1933 (hereafter, the Securities Act or other relevant regulatory authority. We negotiate certain aspects of the method and timing of the disposition of our investment in
each portfolio company, including registration rights and related costs. 

As an investment
company classified as a business development company BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (hereafter, the 1940
Act ), we may invest up to 30 of our assets in non-qualifying portfolio investments, as permitted by the 1940 Act. Specifically,
we may invest up to 30 of our assets in entities that are not considered eligible portfolio companies (as defined in the
1940 Act), including companies located outside of the United States, entities that are operating pursuant to certain exceptions under
the 1940 Act, and publicly- traded entities with a market capitalization exceeding 250 million. As of December 31, 2022, we had invested
37.6 of our assets in securities of portfolio companies that constituted qualifying investments under the 1940 Act. As of December 31,
2022, our investments are in enterprises that are considered eligible portfolio companies under the 1940 Act. We provide significant managerial
assistance to a portfolio company that comprises 100 of the total value of the investments in portfolio securities as of December 31,
2022. 

We are classified
as a non-diversified investment company under the 1940 Act, which means we are not limited in the proportion of our assets
that may be invested in the securities of a single user. The value of one segment called Energy includes one portfolio company
and was 44.4 of our net asset value, 37.6 of our total assets and 100 of our investments in portfolio company securities (at fair value)
as of December 31, 2022. Changes in business or industry trends or in the financial condition, results of operations, or the market s
assessment of any single portfolio company will affect the net asset value and the market price of our common stock to a greater extent
than would be the case if we were a diversified company holding numerous investments. 

Our investments in
portfolio securities consist of the following types of securities as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 

Type of Securities 
 Cost 
 Fair Value 
 Fair Value as Percentage of Net Assets 

Limited liability company investments 
 8,111 
 15,650 
 44.4 

Total 
 8,111 
 15,650 
 44.4 

The following
is a summary by industry of the Fund s investments in portfolio securities as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 

Industry 
 Fair Value 
 Fair Value as Percentage of Net Assets 
 
 Energy 
 15,650 
 44.4 
 
 Total 
 15,650 
 44.4 

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of these financial statements. 

53 

 Table of Contents 

EQUUS TOTAL RETURN, INC. 

 SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31, 2021 

 (in thousands, except share data) 

Name and Location of 
 
 Date of Initial 

Cost of 
 Fair 
 
 Portfolio Company 
 Industry 
 Investment 
 Investment 
 Principal 
 Investment 
 Value (1) 

Control Investments: Majority-owned (2) : 

Equus Energy, LLC (3) 
 Houston, TX Energy 
 December 2011 
 Member interest (100 
 7,961 
 7,961 
 13,000 

Total Control Investments: Majority-owned (represents 83.9 of total investments at fair value) 
 7,961 
 13,000 
 
 Temporary Cash Investments 

U.S. Treasury Bill 
 Government 
 December 2021 
 UST 0 1/22 
 2,500 
 2,500 
 2,500 
 
 Total Temporary Cash Investments (represents 16.1 of total investments at fair value) 
 2,500 
 2,500 
 
 Total Investments 

10,461 
 15,500 

(1) See
Note 3 to the financial statements, Valuation of Investments. 

 (2) Majority
owned investments are generally defined under the 1940 Act as companies in which we own more than 50 of the voting securities of the
company. 

 (3) 
Level 3 Portfolio Investment. 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements. 

54 

 Table of Contents 

SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS (Continued) 

 DECEMBER 31, 2021 

 (in thousands, except share data) 

Our portfolio securities
are restricted from public sale without prior registration under the Securities Act or other relevant regulatory authority. We negotiate
certain aspects of the method and timing of the disposition of our investment in each portfolio company, including registration rights
and related costs. 

As a BDC, we may
invest up to 30 of our assets in non-qualifying portfolio investments, as permitted by the 1940 Act. Specifically, we may invest up to
30 of our assets in entities that are not considered eligible portfolio companies (as defined in the 1940 Act), including
companies located outside of the United States, entities that are operating pursuant to certain exceptions under the 1940 Act, and publicly-
traded entities with a market capitalization exceeding 250 million. As of December 31, 2021, we had invested 32.7 of our assets in securities
of portfolio companies that constituted qualifying investments under the 1940 Act. As of December 31, 2021, our investments are in enterprises
that are considered eligible portfolio companies under the 1940 Act. We provide significant managerial assistance to a portfolio company
that comprises 100 of the total value of the investments in portfolio securities as of December 31, 2021. 

We are classified
as a non-diversified investment company under the 1940 Act, which means we are not limited in the proportion of our assets
that may be invested in the securities of a single user. The value of one segment called Energy includes one portfolio company
and was 35.7 of our net asset value, 32.7 of our total assets and 100 of our investments in portfolio company securities (at fair value)
as of December 31, 2021. Changes in business or industry trends or in the financial condition, results of operations, or the market s
assessment of any single portfolio company will affect the net asset value and the market price of our common stock to a greater extent
than would be the case if we were a diversified company holding numerous investments. 

Our investments in
portfolio securities consist of the following types of securities as of December 31, 2021 (in thousands): 

Type of Securities 
 Cost 
 Fair Value 
 Fair Value as Percentage of Net Assets 

Limited liability company investments 
 7,961 
 13,000 
 35.7 

Total 
 7,961 
 13,000 
 35.7 

The following is a summary by industry of the Fund s
investments in portfolio securities as of December 31, 2021 (in thousands): 

Industry 
 Fair Value 
 Fair Value as Percentage of Net Assets 
 
 Energy 
 13,000 
 35.7 
 
 Total 
 13,000 
 35.7 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements. 

55 

 Table of Contents 

EQUUS TOTAL RETURN, INC. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 

(1) 
 ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS PURPOSE 

About the Company Equus
Total Return, Inc. we, us, our, Equus the Company and the Fund ),
a Delaware corporation, was formed by Equus Investments II, L.P. (the Partnership on August 16, 1991. On July 1, 1992,
the Partnership was reorganized and all of the assets and liabilities of the Partnership were transferred to the Fund in exchange for
shares of common stock of the Fund. Our shares trade on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the symbol EQS .
On August 11, 2006, our shareholders approved the change of the Fund s investment strategy to a total return investment objective.
This strategy seeks to provide the highest total return, consisting of capital appreciation and current income. In connection with this
strategic investment change, the shareholders also approved the change of name from Equus II Incorporated to Equus Total Return, Inc.
On January 20, 2021, holders of a majority of the outstanding common stock of the Fund approved the restatement of our Certificate of
Incorporation to increase the number of our authorized shares of common stock from 50,000,000 to 100,000,000, and the number of our authorized
shares of preferred stock from 5,000,000 to 10,000,000. As of December 31, 2022, we had 13,518,146 shares of common stock outstanding
and no shares of preferred stock outstanding. 

We attempt to maximize
the return to stockholders in the form of current investment income and long-term capital gains by investing in the debt and equity securities
of companies with a total enterprise value between 5.0 million and 75.0 million, although we may engage in transactions with smaller
or larger investee companies from time to time. We seek to invest primarily in companies pursuing growth either through acquisition or
organically, leveraged buyouts, management buyouts and recapitalizations of existing businesses or special situations. Our income-producing
investments consist principally of debt securities including subordinated debt, debt convertible into common or preferred stock, or debt
combined with warrants and common and preferred stock. Debt and preferred equity financing may also be used to create long-term capital
appreciation through the exercise and sale of warrants received in connection with the financing. We seek to achieve capital appreciation
by making investments in equity and equity-oriented securities issued by privately-owned companies in transactions negotiated directly
with such companies. Given market conditions over the past several years and the performance of our portfolio, our Management and Board
of Directors believe it prudent to continue to review alternatives to refine and further clarify the current strategies. 

We elected to
be treated as a BDC under the Investment Company Act of 1940 Act 1940 Act ), although our shareholders authorized us to withdraw
this election prior to February 28, 2023 and will likely do so again in the future. We currently qualify as a regulated investment
company RIC for federal income tax purposes and, therefore, are not required to pay corporate income taxes on any
income or gains that we distribute to our stockholders. We have certain wholly owned taxable subsidiaries Taxable
Subsidiaries each of which holds one or more portfolio investments listed on our Schedules of Investments. The purpose of
these Taxable Subsidiaries is to permit us to hold certain income- producing investments or portfolio companies organized as limited
liability companies, or LLCs, (or other forms of pass-through entities) and still satisfy the RIC tax requirement that at least 90 
of our gross revenue for income tax purposes must consist of investment income. Absent the Taxable Subsidiaries, a portion of the
gross income of these income-producing investments or of any LLC (or other pass-through entity) portfolio investment, as the case
may be, would flow through directly to us for the 90 test. To the extent that such income did not consist of investment income, it
could jeopardize our ability to qualify as a RIC and, therefore, cause us to incur significant federal income taxes. The income of
the LLCs (or other pass-through entities) owned by Taxable Subsidiaries is taxed to the Taxable Subsidiaries and does not flow
through to us, thereby helping us preserve our RIC status and resultant tax advantages. We do not consolidate the Taxable
Subsidiaries for income tax purposes, with the exception of Texas Margins Tax, which is an entity level tax. The Taxable
Subsidiaries may generate income tax expense because of the Taxable Subsidiaries ownership of the portfolio companies. We
reflect any such income tax expense on our Statements of Operations. 

56 

 Table of Contents 

(2) 
 LIQUIDITY AND FINANCING ARRANGEMENTS 

As of December 31,
2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 19.3 million. We had 15.7 million of our net assets of 35.2 million invested in portfolio
securities. We also had 6.0 million of temporary cash investments and restricted cash, including primarily the proceeds of a quarter-end
margin loan that we incurred to maintain the diversification requirements applicable to a RIC. Of this amount, 6.0 million was invested
in U.S. Treasury bills and 0.06 million represented a required 1 brokerage margin deposit. These securities were held by a securities
brokerage firm and pledged along with other assets to secure repayment of the margin loan. The U.S. Treasury bills matured January 3,
2023 and we subsequently repaid this margin loan. The margin interest was paid on February 3, 2023. 

As of December 31,
2021, we had cash and cash equivalents of 23.5 million. We had 13.0 million of our net assets of 36.4 million invested in portfolio
securities. We also had 2.5 million of temporary cash investments and restricted cash, including primarily the proceeds of a quarter-end
margin loan that we incurred to maintain the diversification requirements applicable to a RIC. Of this amount, 2.5 million was invested
in U.S. Treasury bills and 0.02 million represented a required 1 brokerage margin deposit. These securities were held by a securities
brokerage firm and pledged along with other assets to secure repayment of the margin loan. The U.S. Treasury bills matured January 4,
2022 and we subsequently repaid this margin loan. The margin interest was paid on February 3, 2022. 

During 2022 and 2021,
we borrowed sufficient funds to maintain the Fund s RIC status by utilizing a margin account with a securities brokerage firm. There
is no assurance that such arrangement will be available in the future. If we are unable to borrow funds to make qualifying investments,
we may no longer qualify as a RIC. We would then be subject to corporate income tax on the Fund s net investment income and realized
capital gains, and distributions to stockholders would be subject to income tax as ordinary dividends. If we continue to be a BDC, failure
to continue to qualify as a RIC could be material to us and our stockholders. 

None of our
cash deposits are insured by the FDIC in excess of 250,000. 

(3) 
 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

The following is
a summary of significant accounting policies followed by the Fund in the preparation of its financial statements: 

Use of
Estimates The preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Although we believe the estimates and assumptions used in preparing these financial statements and related notes are
reasonable in light of known facts and circumstances, actual results could differ from those estimates. 

Consolidation In
accordance with Article 6 of Regulation S-X under the Securities Act of 1933, we do not consolidate portfolio company investments. Under
the investment company rules and regulations pursuant to the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants AICPA Audit and Accounting Guide for Investment Companies, codified in Accounting Standards Committee ASC 946, we are precluded
from consolidating any entity other than another investment company, except that ASC 946 provides for the consolidation of a controlled
operating company that provides substantially all of its services to the investment company or its consolidated subsidiaries . 

57 

 Table of Contents 

Valuation of Investments For
most of our investments, market quotations are not available. With respect to investments for which market quotations are not readily
available or when such market quotations are deemed not to represent fair value, our Board has approved a multi-step valuation process
each quarter, as described below: 

1. 
 Each portfolio company or investment is reviewed by our investment professionals; 

2. 
 With respect to investments with a fair value exceeding 2.5 million that have been held for more than one year, we engage independent valuation firms to assist our investment professionals. These independent valuation firms conduct independent valuations and make their own independent assessments; 

3. 
 Our Management produces a report that summarizes each of our portfolio investments and recommends a fair value of each such investment as of the date of the report; 

4. 
 The Audit Committee of our Board reviews and discusses the preliminary valuation of our portfolio investments as recommended by Management in their report and any reports or recommendations of the independent valuation firms, and then approves and recommends the fair values of our investments so determined to our Board for final approval; and 

5. 
 The Board discusses valuations and determines the fair value of each portfolio investment in good faith based on the input of our Management, the respective independent valuation firm, as applicable, and the Audit Committee. 

During the first
twelve months after an investment is made, we rely on the original investment amount to determine the fair value unless significant developments
have occurred during this twelve-month period which would indicate a material effect on the portfolio company (such as results of operations
or changes in general market conditions). 

Investments are valued
utilizing a yield analysis, enterprise value EV analysis, net asset value analysis, liquidation analysis, discounted cash
flow analysis, or a combination of methods, as appropriate. The yield analysis uses loan spreads and other relevant information implied
by market data involving identical or comparable assets or liabilities. Under the EV analysis, the EV of a portfolio company is first
determined and allocated over the portfolio company s securities in order of their preference relative to one another (i.e., waterfall 
allocation). To determine the EV, we typically use a market multiples approach that considers relevant and applicable market trading data
of guideline public companies, transaction metrics from precedent M A transactions and/or a discounted cash flow analysis. The net
asset value analysis is used to derive a value of an underlying investment (such as real estate property) by dividing a relevant earnings
stream by an appropriate capitalization rate. For this purpose, we consider capitalization rates for similar properties as may be obtained
from guideline public companies and/or relevant transactions. The liquidation analysis is intended to approximate the net recovery value
of an investment based on, among other things, assumptions regarding liquidation proceeds based on a hypothetical liquidation of a portfolio
company s assets. The discounted cash flow analysis uses valuation techniques to convert future cash flows or earnings to a range
of fair values from which a single estimate may be derived utilizing an appropriate discount rate. The measurement is based on the net
present value indicated by current market expectations about those future amounts. 

In applying these
methodologies, additional factors that we consider in fair value pricing our investments may include, as we deem relevant: security covenants,
call protection provisions, and information rights; the nature and realizable value of any collateral; the portfolio company s ability
to make payments; the principal markets in which the portfolio company does business; publicly available financial ratios of peer companies;
the principal market; and enterprise values, among other factors. Also, any failure by a portfolio company to achieve its business plan
or obtain and maintain its financing arrangements could result in increased volatility and result in a significant and rapid change in
its value. 

58 

 Table of Contents 

Our general intent
is to hold our loans to maturity when appraising our privately held debt investments. As such, we believe that the fair value will not
exceed the cost of the investment. However, in addition to the previously described analysis involving allocation of value to the debt
instrument, we perform a yield analysis assuming a hypothetical current sale of the security to determine if a debt security has been
impaired. The yield analysis considers changes in interest rates and changes in leverage levels of the portfolio company as compared to
the market interest rates and leverage levels. Assuming the credit quality of the portfolio company remains stable, the Fund will use
the value determined by the yield analysis as the fair value for that security if less than the cost of the investment. 

We record unrealized
depreciation on investments when we determine that the fair value of a security is less than its cost basis, and will record unrealized
appreciation when we determine that the fair value is greater than its cost basis. 

Fair Value Measurement Fair
value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants
at the measurement date and sets out a fair value hierarchy. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active
markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). Inputs are broadly defined
as assumptions market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are described
below: 

Level 1 Unadjusted
quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity has the ability to access at the measurement
date. 

Level 2 Inputs
other than quoted prices within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and fair value
is determined through the use of models or other valuation methodologies. 

Level 3 Inputs
are unobservable for the asset or liability and include situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability.
The inputs into the determination of fair value are based upon the best information under the circumstances and may require significant
management judgment or estimation. 

In certain cases,
the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, an investment s
level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Our assessment
of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment, and considers factors specific
to the investment. 

Investments for which
prices are not observable are generally private investments in the debt and equity securities of operating companies. One of the primary
valuation methods used to estimate the fair value of these Level 3 investments is the discounted cash flow method (although a liquidation
analysis, option theoretical, or other methodology may be used when more appropriate). The discounted cash flow approach to determine
fair value (or a range of fair values) involves applying an appropriate discount rate(s) to the estimated future cash flows using various
relevant factors depending on investment type, including comparing the latest arm s length or market transactions involving the
subject security to the selected benchmark credit spread, assumed growth rate (in cash flows), and capitalization rates/multiples (for
determining terminal values of underlying portfolio companies). The valuation based on the inputs determined to be the most reasonable
and probable is used as the fair value of the investment. The determination of fair value using these methodologies may take into consideration
a range of factors including, but not limited to, the price at which the investment was acquired, the nature of the investment, local
market conditions, trading values on public exchanges for comparable securities, current and projected operating performance, financing
transactions subsequent to the acquisition of the investment and anticipated financing transactions after the valuation date 

59 

 Table of Contents 

To assess the reasonableness
of the discounted cash flow approach, the fair value of equity securities, including warrants, in portfolio companies may also consider
the market approach that is, through analyzing and applying to the underlying portfolio companies, market valuation multiples of
publicly-traded firms engaged in businesses similar to those of the portfolio companies. The market approach to determining the fair value
of a portfolio company s equity security (or securities) will typically involve: (1) applying to the portfolio company s trailing
twelve months (or current year projected) EBITDA, a low to high range of enterprise value to EBITDA multiples that are derived from an
analysis of publicly-traded comparable companies, in order to arrive at a range of enterprise values for the portfolio company; (2) subtracting
from the range of calculated enterprise values the outstanding balances of any debt or equity securities that would be senior in right
of payment to the equity securities we hold; and (3) multiplying the range of equity values derived therefrom by our ownership share of
such equity tranche in order to arrive at a range of fair values for our equity security (or securities). Application of these valuation
methodologies involves a significant degree of judgment by Management. 

Due to the inherent
uncertainty of determining the fair value of Level 3 investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of
the investments may differ significantly from the values that would have been used had a ready market existed for such investments and
may differ materially from the values that may ultimately be received or settled. Further, such investments are generally subject to legal
and other restrictions or otherwise are less liquid than publicly traded instruments. If we were required to liquidate a portfolio investment
in a forced or liquidation sale, we might realize significantly less than the value at which such investment had previously been recorded.
With respect to Level 3 investments, where sufficient market quotations are not readily available or for which no or an insufficient number
of indicative prices from pricing services or brokers or dealers have been received, we undertake, on a quarterly basis, our valuation
process as described above. 

We assess the
levels of the investments at each measurement date, and transfers between levels are recognized on the subsequent measurement date
closest in time to the actual date of the event or change in circumstances that caused the transfer. There were no transfers to
or from Level 3 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

As of December 31,
2022, investments measured at fair value on a recurring basis are categorized in the tables below based on the lowest level of significant
input to the valuations: 

Fair
 Value Measurements as of December 31, 2022 
 
 (in thousands) 
 Total 
 Quoted
 Prices in 
 Active
 Markets 
 for
 Identical 
 Assets 
 (Level
 1) 
 Significant
 Other 
 Observable 
 Inputs 
 (Level
 2) 
 Significant 
 Unobservable 
 Inputs 
 (Level
 3) 
 
 Assets 

Investments: 

Control investments 
 15,650 

15,650 
 
 Total investments 
 15,650 

15,650 
 
 Temporary cash investments 
 5,998 
 5,998 

Total investments and temporary cash investments 
 21,648 
 5,998 
 
 15,650 

60 

 Table of Contents 

As of December 31,
2021, investments measured at fair value on a recurring basis are categorized in the tables below based on the lowest level of significant
input to the valuations: 

Fair
 Value Measurements as of December 31, 2021 
 
 (in thousands) 
 Total 
 Quoted
 Prices in 
 Active
 Markets 
 for
 Identical 
 Assets 
 (Level
 1) 
 Significant
 Other 
 Observable 
 Inputs 
 (Level
 2) 
 Significant 
 Unobservable 
 Inputs 
 (Level
 3) 
 
 Assets 

Investments: 

Control investments 
 13,000 

13,000 
 
 Total investments 
 13,000 

13,000 
 
 Temporary cash investments 
 2,500 
 2,500 

Total investments and temporary cash investments 
 15,500 
 2,500 
 
 13,000 

The following table
provides a reconciliation of fair value changes during 2022 for all investments for which we determine fair value using significant unobservable
(Level 3) inputs: 

Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) 
 
 (in thousands) 
 Control Investments 
 Affiliate Investments 
 Non-affiliate Investments 
 Total 
 
 Fair value as of January 1, 2022 
 
 13,000 

13,000 
 
 Change in unrealized appreciation 
 
 2,500 

2,500 
 
 Purchases of portfolio securities 
 
 150 

150 
 
 Fair value as of December 31, 2022 
 
 15,650 

15,650 

61 

 Table of Contents 

The following table
provides a reconciliation of fair value changes during 2021 for all investments for which we determine fair value using significant unobservable
(Level 3) inputs: 

Fair
 Value Measurements as of December 31, 2021 
 
 (in thousands) 
 Total 
 Quoted
 Prices in 
 Active
 Markets 
 for
 Identical 
 Assets 
 (Level
 1) 
 Significant
 Other 
 Observable 
 Inputs 
 (Level
 2) 
 Significant 
 Unobservable 
 Inputs 
 (Level
 3) 
 
 Assets 

Investments: 

Control investments 
 13,000 

13,000 
 
 Total investments 
 13,000 
 2,500 
 
 13,000 
 
 Temporary cash investments 
 2,500 
 2,500 

Total investments and temporary cash investments 
 15,500 
 2,500 
 
 13,000 

The following table
provides a reconciliation of fair value changes during 2020 for all investments for which we determine fair value using significant unobservable
(Level 3) inputs: 

Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) 
 
 (in thousands) 
 Control Investments 
 Affiliate Investments 
 Non-affiliate Investments 
 Total 
 
 Fair value as of January 1, 2020 
 
 8,000 
 26,500 
 977 
 35,477 
 
 Realized gain (loss) 

21,287 
 (266 
 21,021 
 
 Change in unrealized appreciation 
 
 (1,561 
 (26,150 
 
 (27,711) 
 
 Purchases of portfolio securities 
 
 561 

561 
 
 Proceeds from sales/dispositions 

(21,637 
 (711 
 (22,348) 
 
 Fair value as of December 31, 2020 
 
 7,000 

7,000 

Fair value
measurements can be sensitive to changes in one or more of the valuation inputs. Changes in discount rates, EBITDA or EBITDA
multiples (or revenue or revenue multiples), each in isolation, may change the fair value of certain of our investments. Generally,
an increase/(decrease) in market yields, discount rates, or an increase/(decrease) in EBITDA or EBITDA multiples (or revenue or
revenue multiples) may result in a corresponding increase/(decrease), respectively, in the fair value of certain of our investments.
In the case of our holding in Equus Energy, we also consider acreage value, proved reserve multiples, daily production multiples, and
discount rates. 

Finally, industry
trends, market forecasts, and comparable transactions in sectors in which we hold a Level 3 investment are also taken into account when
assessing the value of these investments. 

62 

 Table of Contents 

The following table
summarizes the significant non-observable inputs in the fair value measurements of our Level 3 investments by category of investment and
valuation technique as of December 31, 2022: 

Range 
 
 (in thousands) 
 Fair Value 
 Valuation Techniques 
 Unobservable Inputs 
 Minimum 
 Maximum 
 Weighted Average 

Acreage Value (per acre) 
 1,500 
 11,000 
 4,062 
 
 Limited liability company investments 
 15,650 
 Guideline Transaction Method 
 Proved Reserve Multiple 
 4.0 x 
 9.5 x 
 8.2 x 

Daily Production Multiple 
 18,578.7 x 
 47,513.7 x 
 40,284.4 x 

Discounted Cash Flow 
 Discount Rate 
 11.0 
 11.0 
 11.0 

The following
table summarizes the significant non-observable inputs in the fair value measurements of our Level 3 investments by category of investment
and valuation technique as of December 31, 2021: 

Range 
 
 (in thousands) 
 Fair Value 
 Valuation Techniques 
 Unobservable Inputs 
 Minimum 
 Maximum 
 Weighted Average 

Acreage Value (per acre) 
 1,500 
 10,000 
 5,750 
 
 Limited liability company investments 
 13,000 
 Guideline Transaction Method 
 Proved Reserve Multiple 
 3.6 x 
 7.3 x 
 7.2 x 

Daily Production Multiple 
 15,425.3 x 
 37,215.1 x 
 36,900.6 x 

Discounted Cash Flow 
 Discount Rate 
 11.0 
 11.0 
 11.0 

Because of the inherent
uncertainty of the valuation of portfolio securities which do not have readily ascertainable market values, amounting to 15.7 million
and 13.0 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, our fair value determinations may materially differ from the values
that would have been used had a ready market existed for the securities. 

We adjust our net
asset value for the changes in the value of our publicly held securities, if applicable, and material changes in the value of private
securities, generally determined on a quarterly basis or as announced in a press release, and report those amounts to Lipper Analytical
Services, Inc. Our net asset value appears in various publications, including Barron s and The Wall Street Journal . 

Escrowed Receivables,
at Estimated Fair Value In December 2020, we sold our interest in PalletOne, Inc PalletOne ). A portion of the
proceeds from the sale was placed in a cash escrow account to secure the representations and warranties made to the purchaser. The escrow
receivable was valued at 3.4 million as of December 31, 2020. 

During 2021, we received
 3.8 million in cash from PalletOne. We recognized a capital gain of 0.4 million due to the change in our estimated fair value of this
receivable. 

63 

 Table of Contents 

Investment Transactions Investment
transactions are recorded on the accrual method. Realized gains and losses on investments sold are computed on a specific identification
basis. 

We classify our investments
in accordance with the requirements of the 1940 Act. Under the 1940 Act, Control Investments are defined as investments
in companies in which the Fund owns more than 25 of the voting securities or maintains greater than 50 of the board representation.
Under the 1940 Act, Affiliate Investments are defined as those non-control investments in companies in which we own between
5 and 25 of the voting securities. Under the 1940 Act, Non-affiliate Investments are defined as investments that are neither
Control Investments nor Affiliate Investments. 

Interest and Dividend
Income Recognition We record interest income, adjusted for amortization of premium and accretion of discount, on an accrual
basis to the extent that we expect to collect such amounts. We accrete or amortize discounts and premiums on securities purchased over
the life of the respective security using the effective yield method. The amortized cost of investments represents the original cost adjusted
for the accretion of discount and/or amortization of premium on debt securities. We stop accruing interest on investments when we determine
that interest is no longer collectible. We may also impair the accrued interest when we determine that all or a portion of the current
accrual is uncollectible. If we receive any cash after determining that interest is no longer collectible, we treat such cash as payment
on the principal balance until the entire principal balance has been repaid, before we recognize any additional interest income. We will
write off uncollectible interest upon the occurrence of a definitive event such as a sale, bankruptcy, or reorganization of the relevant
portfolio interest. Dividend income is recorded as dividends are declared by the portfolio company or at the point an obligation exists
for the portfolio company to make a distribution. 

Payment in Kind
Interest (PIK) We may make loans in our portfolio that may pay PIK interest. We add PIK interest, if any, computed at the contractual
rate specified in each loan agreement, to the principal balance of the loan and recorded as interest income. To maintain our status as
a RIC, we must pay out to stockholders this non-cash source of income in the form of dividends even if we have not yet collected any cash
in respect of such investments. We will continue to pay out net investment income and/or realized capital gains, if any, on an annual
basis as required under the 1940 Act. 

Cash Flows For
purposes of the Statements of Cash Flows, we consider all highly liquid temporary cash investments purchased with an original maturity
of three months or less to be cash equivalents. We include our investing activities within cash flows from operations. We exclude Restricted
Cash and Temporary Cash Investments used for purposes of complying with RIC requirements from cash equivalents. 

The following table
provides a reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash as reported within the consolidated balance sheet that sums
to the total of the same amounts shown in the consolidated statement of cash flows as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 19,224 
 23,465 
 23,639 
 
 Restricted cash at end of period 
 60 
 25 
 240 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 
 19,284 
 23,490 
 23,879 

Taxes Although
we are not required to maintain our RIC status as a BDC, historically, we have nevertheless complied with the requirements of the Code
necessary to qualify as a RIC and, as such, are generally not subject to federal income taxes on otherwise taxable income (including net
realized capital gains) if distributed to stockholders. For the year ended December 31, 2022, no tax accrual for income or excise tax
was made. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we accrued a 0.04 million in corporate level income and excise tax in lieu of making
a distribution of the net capital gain for the sale of PalletOne, Inc. This tax was paid in March 2022. We borrow money from time to
time to maintain our tax status under the Code as a RIC. See Note 1 for discussion of Taxable Subsidiaries and see Note 2 for further
discussion of the Fund s RIC borrowings. 

64 

 Table of Contents 

All corporations
incorporated in the State of Delaware are required to file an Annual Report and to pay a franchise tax. As a result, we paid Delaware
Franchise tax in the amount of 0.02 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, 0.03 million for the year ended December 31, 2021
and 0.02 million for the years ended December 31, 2020, respectively. 

Texas margin tax
applies to legal entities conducting business in Texas. The margin tax is based on our Texas sourced taxable margin. The tax is calculated
by applying a tax rate to a base that considers both revenue and expenses and therefore has the characteristics of an income tax. For
the year ended December 31, 2022, no state income tax is expected. No state income tax was due for the years ended December 31, 2021 and
2020. 

Distributable
Earnings The components that make up distributable earnings (accumulated undistributed deficit) on the Balance Sheet as of December
31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

&NegativeThickSpace; 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 
 Accumulated undistributed net investment losses 
 (47,430 
 (43,801 
 
 Unrealized appreciation of portfolio securities, net 
 7,539 
 5,039 
 
 Accumulated undistributed net capital gains 
 430 
 429 
 
 Accumulated deficit 
 (39,461 
 (38,333 

Share-Based Incentive
Compensation On June 13, 2016, our shareholders approved the adoption of our 2016 Equity Incentive Plan Incentive Plan ).
On January 10, 2017, the SEC issued an order approving the Incentive Plan and certain awards intended to be made thereunder. The Incentive
Plan is intended to promote the interests of the Fund by encouraging officers, employees, and directors of the Fund and its affiliates
to acquire or increase their equity interest in the Fund and to provide a means whereby they may develop a proprietary interest in the
development and financial success of the Fund, to encourage them to remain with and devote their best efforts to the business of the Fund,
thereby advancing the interests of the Fund and its stockholders. The Incentive Plan is also intended to enhance the ability of the Fund
and its affiliates to attract and retain the services of individuals who are essential for the growth and profitability of the Fund. The
Incentive Plan permits the award of restricted stock as well as common stock purchase options. The maximum number of shares of common
stock that are subject to awards granted under the Incentive Plan is 2,434,728 shares. The term of the Incentive Plan will expire on June
13, 2026. On March 17, 2017, we granted awards of restricted stock under the Plan to certain of our directors and executive officers in
the aggregate amount of 844,500 shares. The awards are each subject to a vesting requirement over a 3-year period unless the recipient
thereof is terminated or removed from their position as a director or executive officer without cause , or as a result of
constructive termination, as such terms are defined in the respective award agreements entered into by each of the recipients and the
Fund. As of December 31, 2020, all shares were vested. We account for share-based compensation using the fair value method, as prescribed
by ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation . Accordingly, for restricted stock awards, we measure the grant date fair value
based upon the market price of our common stock on the date of the grant and amortize the fair value of the awards as share-based compensation
expense over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting term. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020,
we recorded compensation expense of 0, 0, and 0.08 million, respectively, in connection with these awards. 

65 

 Table of Contents 

(4) 
 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND AGREEMENTS 

Except as noted below,
as compensation for services to the Fund, each Independent Director receives an annual fee of 40,000 paid quarterly in arrears, a fee
of 2,000 for each meeting of the Board of Directors or committee thereof attended in person, a fee of 1,000 for participation in each
telephonic meeting of the Board or committee thereof, and reimbursement of all out-of-pocket expenses relating to attendance at such meetings.
The chair of each of our standing committees (audit, compensation, and nominating and governance) also receives an annual fee of 50,000,
payable quarterly in arrears. We may also pay other one-time or recurring fees to members of our Board of Directors in special circumstances.
None of our interested directors receive annual fees for their service on the Board of Directors. We may also pay other one-time or recurring
fees to members of our Board of Directors in special circumstances. None of our interested directors receive annual fees for their service
on the Board of Directors. 

In respect of services
provided to the Fund by members of the Board not in connection with their roles and duties as directors, the Fund pays a rate of 300
per hour for services rendered. During the years ended December 31, 2020 we paid Kenneth I. Denos, P.C., a professional corporation owned
by Kenneth I. Denos, a director of the Fund, 349,725, for services provided to the Fund on an hourly basis pursuant to a month-to-month
agreement. Effective November 1, 2020, we entered into a written agreement with Mr. Denos providing, in lieu of an hourly fee, base compensation
of 360,000 per annum, as well as various annual and periodic bonuses based upon achievement of certain criteria, such as transformative
acquisitions made by the Fund, and a percentage of the amount received in connection with the disposition of the Fund s existing
portfolio investments, as well as a percentage of the net amount received in connection with the disposition of future portfolio investments. 

66 

 Table of Contents 

(5) 
 FEDERAL INCOME TAX MATTERS 

As a RIC, our tax
liability is dependent upon whether an election is made to distribute taxable investment income and capital gains above any statutory
requirement. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we have incurred net investment losses and no net capital gains or losses. As such,
no income or excise tax was accrued or paid. While we incurred net investment losses and had net realized capital gains for the year ended
December 31, 2021, we accrued 0.04 million in corporate level income and excise tax in lieu of making a distribution. This tax is was
paid in March 2022. 

Our year-end for
determining capital gains for purposes of Section 4982 of the Internal Revenue Service Code (the Code is October 31. 

In general, we may
take certain adjustments to the classification of net assets as a result of permanent book-to-tax differences, which may include differences
in the book and tax basis of certain assets and liabilities, and undistributed net capital gains for which we have loss carryforwards,
among other items. During the year ended December 31, 2021, according and pursuant to ASC 946-20-50, we recharacterized 18.5 million
in accumulated undistributed net capital gains for which we had loss carryforwards, among other items. Accordingly, this recharacterization
has increased capital in excess of par and decreased accumulated deficit. . 

There are no
material book-to-tax differences for net investment income/losses, realized gains or unrealized appreciation/depreciation. For the years
ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there are no capital loss carryforwards. For the years ended December 31, 2020, we had
approximately 0.3 million in capital losses of which can be carried forward indefinitely. 

Reclassification
of returns of capital had no material book to tax differences for the three years ended December 31, 2022 and therefore has no material
book to tax differences impacting accumulated earnings during that three-year period. 

We believe that any
aggregate exposure for uncertain tax positions should not have a material impact on our financial statements as of December 31, 2022 or
December 31, 2021. An uncertain tax position is measured as the largest amount of tax return benefits that does not have a greater than
50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. We have not recorded an adjustment to our financial statements related to any
uncertain tax positions. We will continue to evaluate our tax positions and recognize any future impact of uncertain tax positions as
a charge to income in the applicable period in accordance with promulgated standards. 

The Fund s
accounting policy related to income tax penalties and interest assessments is to accrue for these costs and record a charge to expenses
during the period that the Fund takes an uncertain tax position through resolution with the taxing authorities or expiration of the applicable
statute of limitations. 

All of the Fund s
federal and state tax returns for 2019 through 2022 remain open to examination (the State of Texas may be longer). We believe that there
are no tax positions taken or expected to be taken that would significantly increase or decrease unrecognized tax benefits within twelve
months of the reporting date. 

(6) 
 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

Lease Commitments .
We had an operating lease for office space that expired in September 2014. Our current office space lease is month-to-month. Rent expense
under the operating lease agreement, inclusive of common area maintenance costs, was 90,000, 90,000, and 104,000 for the years ended
December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020, respectively. 

67 

 Table of Contents 

Portfolio Companies.
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had 0 and 0.15 million in outstanding commitments to our portfolio company investments.
Under certain circumstances, we may be called on to make follow-on investments in certain portfolio companies. If we do not have sufficient
funds to make follow-on investments, the portfolio company in need of the investment may be negatively impacted. Also, our equity interest
in the estimated fair value of the portfolio company could be reduced. Follow-on investments may include capital infusions which are expenditures
made directly to the portfolio company to ensure that operations are completed, thereby allowing the portfolio company to generate cash
flows to service the debt. 

Legal Proceedings.
 From time to time, the Fund is also a party to certain proceedings incidental to the normal course of our business including the enforcement
of our rights under contracts with our portfolio companies. While the outcome of these legal proceedings cannot at this time be predicted
with certainty, we do not expect that these proceedings will have a material effect upon the Fund s financial condition or results
of operations. 

(7) 
 PORTFOLIO SECURITIES 

2022 Portfolio Activity 

The following table
summarizes significant investment activity during the year ended December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 

Investment
 Activity 

New
 Investments 
 Existing
 Investments 

Portfolio
 Company 
 Cash 
 Non-Cash 
 Follow-On
 Cash 
 PIK 
 Total 
 
 Equus Energy, LLC 

150 
 
 150 

150 
 
 150 

During 2022, we
recorded an increase of 2.5 million in net unrealized appreciation, from an unrealized appreciation of 5.0 million as of December
31, 2021 to a net unrealized appreciation of 7.5 million as of December 31, 2022. Such change in unrealized appreciation resulted
primarily from the increase in the fair value of our holdings in Equus Energy, LLC of 2.65 million, principally due to increases in
the cost basis of this investment, as well as increases in oil and gas prices, as well as increases in the short- and long-term
forward pricing curves for these commodities during 2022. 

68 

 Table of Contents 

2021 Portfolio Activity 

During, 2021, we
received 3.8 million in cash from the escrow receivable related to the sale of PalletOne. We recognized a capital gain of 0.4 million
due to the settlement of the escrow receivable in connection with this sale. 

The following table
summarizes significant investment activity during the year ended December 31, 2021 (in thousands): 

Investment
 Activity 

New
 Investments 
 Existing
 Investments 

Portfolio
 Company 
 Cash 
 Non-Cash 
 Follow-On
 Cash 
 PIK 
 Total 
 
 Equus Energy, LLC 

350 
 
 350 

350 
 
 350 

During 2021, we
recorded an increase of 5.6 million in net unrealized appreciation, from an unrealized depreciation of 0.6 million as of December
31, 2020 to a net unrealized appreciation of 5.0 million as of December 31, 2021. Such change in unrealized appreciation resulted
primarily from the increase in the fair value of our holdings in Equus Energy, LLC of 6.0 million, principally due to an increase
in the cost basis of this investment, as well as increases in oil and gas prices, as well as increases in the short- and long-term
forward pricing curves for these commodities during 2021. 

2020 Portfolio Activity 

During 2020, we liquidated
our investment in 5 th Element Tracking, LLC, receiving 1.2 million in cash, realizing a capital loss of 0.3 million. During
2020, we received 19,164 shares of MVC in the form of stock dividend payments. We sold our shares in MVC Capital, Inc. for approximately
 4.5 million in cash, realizing a capital loss of 2.5 million. We also sold our interest in PalletOne, Inc., receiving 18.2 million
in cash, 3.4 million in escrow, realizing a capital gain of 21.3 million. We also realized capital gains of 8 thousand as a result
of disposition of temporary cash investments. 

69 

 Table of Contents 

The following table
summarizes significant investment activity during the year ended December 31, 2020 (in thousands): 

Investment
 Activity 

New
 Investments 
 Existing
 Investments 

Portfolio
 Company 
 Cash 
 Non-Cash 
 Follow-On
 Non-cash 
 PIK 
 Total 
 
 MVC Capital, Inc. 

156 
 156 
 
 Equus Energy, LLC 

561 
 
 561 

561 
 156 
 717 

During 2020, we recorded
a decrease of 26.0 million in net unrealized appreciation, from 25.4 million as of December 31, 2019 to a net unrealized depreciation
of 0.6 million as of December 31, 2020. Such change in unrealized appreciation resulted primarily from the following changes: 

(i) 
 Transfer of unrealized depreciation to realized loss of our holdings in MVC of 1.7 million in connection with the sale of our shares of MVC; 

(ii) 
 Transfer of unrealized appreciation to realized gain of our holdings in PalletOne, Inc. of 26.1 million in connection with the sale of our common shares of PalletOne, Inc.; and, 

(iii) 
 Decrease in the fair value of our holdings in Equus Energy, LLC of 1.6 million, principally due to decreases in gas prices and decreases in the short- and long-term forward pricing curve for oil. 

(8) 
 EQUUS ENERGY, LLC 

Equus Energy, LLC Equus Energy was formed in November 2011 as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Fund to make investments in companies in
the energy sector, with particular emphasis on income-producing oil gas properties. In December 2011, we contributed 250,000 to
the capital of Equus Energy. On December 27, 2012, we invested an additional 6.8 million in Equus Energy for the purpose of additional
working capital and to fund the purchase of 6.6 million in working interests presently consisting of 136 producing and non- producing
oil and gas wells. On September 30, 2020, the Fund provided an additional 0.6 million in capital to Equus Energy for the purpose of additional
working capital. On June 30, 2021, the Fund provided an additional 0.35 million in capital to Equus Energy for the purpose of additional
working capital. On December 31, 2022, the Fund provided an additional 0.15 million in capital to Equus Energy for the purpose of additional
working capital. The working interests include associated development rights of approximately 21,320 acres situated on 9 separate properties
in Texas and Oklahoma. The working interests range from a de minimus amount to 50 of the leasehold that includes these wells. 

The wells are operated
by a number of operators, including Burk Royalty, which has operating responsibility for all of Equus Energy s 22 producing well
interests located in the Conger Field, a productive oil and gas field on the edge of the Permian Basin that has experienced successful
gas and hydrocarbon extraction in multiple formations. Equus Energy, which holds a 50 working interest in each of these Conger Field
wells, is seeking to effect a recompletion program of existing Conger Field wells to the Wolfcamp formation, a zone containing oil as
well as gas and natural gas liquids. Part of Equus Energy s acreage rights described above also includes a 50 working interest
in possible new drilling to the base of the Canyon formation (appx. 8,500 feet) on 2,400 acres in the Conger Field. Also included in the
interests acquired by Equus Energy are working interests of 7.5 and 2.5 in the Burnell and North Pettus Units, respectively, which collectively
comprise approximately 13,000 acres located in the area known as the Eagle Ford Shale play. 

70 

 Table of Contents 

Below is selected
financial information from the audited financial statements of Equus Energy as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for the years ended
December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands): 

EQUUS ENERGY, LLC and SUBSIDIARY 

 Condensed Consolidated Balance
Sheets 

December 31 
 December 31 

2022 
 2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 205 
 640 
 
 Accounts receivable 
 208 
 215 
 
 Other current assets 
 12 

Total current assets 
 425 
 855 
 
 Oil and gas properties 
 8,155 
 8,097 
 
 Less: accumulated depletion, depreciation and amortization 
 (8,095 
 (8,093 
 
 Net oil and gas properties 
 60 
 4 
 
 Total assets 
 485 
 859 

Liabilities and member's deficit 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and other 
 110 
 103 
 
 Due to affiliate 
 350 
 350 
 
 Total current liabilities 
 460 
 453 
 
 Asset retirement obligations 
 216 
 214 
 
 Total liabilities 
 676 
 667 

Total member's (deficit) equity 
 (191 
 192 

Total liabilities and member's (deficit) equity 
 485 
 859 

71 

 Table of Contents 

EQUUS ENERGY, LLC and SUBSIDIARY 

 Condensed Consolidated Statements
of Operations 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Operating revenue 
 1,063 
 855 
 482 
 
 Operating expenses 

Direct operating expenses 
 420 
 595 
 659 
 
 Gain on sale of oil and gas properties 
 
 (22 

Depletion, depreciation, amortization and accretion 
 4 
 7 
 26 
 
 Impairment of oil and gas properties 
 
 32 
 253 
 
 Salaries 
 383 

Professional fees 
 713 
 306 
 236 
 
 General and administrative 
 76 
 6 
 7 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 1,596 
 924 
 1,181 
 
 Net loss 
 (533 
 (69 
 (699 

72 

 Table of Contents 

EQUUS ENERGY, LLC and SUBSIDIARY 

 Condensed Consolidated Statements
of Cash Flows 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 
 (533 
 (69 
 (699 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to 

net cash used in operating activities: 

Depletion, depreciation and amortization 
 2 
 
 19 
 
 Gain on sale of oil and gas properties 
 
 (22) 

Accretion expense 
 2 
 7 
 7 
 
 Impairment 
 
 32 
 253 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 
 7 
 (138) 
 (12 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 
 (12 
 
 34 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 7 
 (127 
 146 
 
 Net cash used in operating
 activities 
 (527 
 (317 
 (252 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Investment in oil gas properties 
 (58 
 (36 
 (30 
 
 Sale of oil gas properties 
 
 22 

Net cash used in investing activities 
 (58 
 (14 
 (30 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Capital contribution 
 150 
 350 

Due to parent 

350 
 
 Net cash provided by investing activities 
 150 
 350 
 350 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash 
 (435 
 19 
 68 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 
 640 
 621 
 553 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 205 
 640 
 621 
 
 Non-cash operating and financing activities: 

Conversion of related party payable to member s (deficit) equity 

561 

73 

 Table of Contents 

(9) 
 RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 

Recent Accounting
Standards We consider the applicability and impact of all accounting standard updates ASU issued by the Financial
Accounting Standards Board FASB ). ASUs not listed below were assessed and either determined to be not applicable or expected
to have minimal impact on our financial statements. 

Accounting Standards
Not Yet Adopted In June 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-03, Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820) - Fair Value Measurement
of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions , which was issued to (1) clarify the guidance in Topic 820, Fair
Value Measurement, when measuring the fair value of an equity security subject to contractual restrictions that prohibit the sale of an
equity security, (2) to amend a related illustrative example, and (3) to introduce new disclosure requirements for equity securities subject
to contractual sale restrictions that are measured at fair value in accordance with Topic 820. The new guidance is effective for interim
and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2023. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the new standard on the Company's
financial statements and related disclosures. 

Accounting Standards Recently
Adopted In May 2020, the SEC adopted rule amendments that will impact the requirement of investment companies, including BDCs,
to disclose the financial statements of certain of their portfolio companies or acquired funds (the Final Rules ). The Final
Rules adopted a new definition of significant subsidiary set forth in Rule 1-02(w)(2) of Regulation S-X under the Securities
Act. Rules 3-09 and 4-08(g) of Regulation S-X require investment companies to include separate financial statements or summary financial
information, respectively, in such investment company s periodic reports for any portfolio company that meets the definition of
 significant subsidiary. The Final Rules amend the definition of significant subsidiary in a manner that is
intended to more accurately capture those portfolio companies that are more likely to materially impact the financial condition of an
investment company. The Final Rules became effective on January 1, 2021, but voluntary compliance was permitted in advance of the effective
date. The Company elected to comply with the Final Rules effective June 30, 2020 which reduced the requirement for the Company to provide
separate audited financial statements and summarized financial information for its controlled portfolio companies going forward. 

74 

 Table of Contents 

In December 2019,
the FASB issued ASU 2019-12, Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes. The new standard is effective for the Company beginning on January
1, 2021. There was no impact on the financial statements or financial statement disclosures. 

(10) 
 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS 

Our Management performed
an evaluation of the Fund s activity through the date the financial statements were issued, noting the following subsequent events: 

On January 3, 2023,
our holding in 6.0 million in U. S. Treasury Bills matured and we repaid our year-end margin loan. 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements
with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Attached as exhibits
to this Form 10-K are certifications of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), which are required in accordance
with Rule 13a-14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). This section includes information
concerning the controls and controls evaluation referred to in those certifications and should be read in conjunction with the certifications
for a more complete understanding of the topics presented. 

75 

 Table of Contents 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures 

We maintain disclosure
controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed pursuant to the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s
rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure based on the definition of disclosure
controls and procedures as promulgated under the Exchange Act. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures,
management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance
of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit
relationship of possible controls and procedures. 

The Fund, including
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls
and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based on the foregoing, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that
our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Management Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

Our Management is
responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the
maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Fund are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of Management and directors of the Fund; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Fund s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

We assessed our internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, the end of our most recent fiscal year. We based our assessment on criteria
established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO)
in Internal Control-Integrated Framework published in 2013. Our assessment included evaluation of such elements as the design
and operating effectiveness of key financial reporting controls, process documentation, accounting policies, and our overall control environment.
This assessment is supported by testing and monitoring performed both by a third-party consultant and our accounting department. 

Based on our assessment,
we have concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of the end of the fiscal year to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The results of our assessment have been reviewed with the Audit Committee
of our Board of Directors. 

There have been no
changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that
have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

76 

 Table of Contents 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign
Jursdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not Applicable. 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers
and Corporate Governance 

Information
about our Directors and Executive Officers, our Audit Committee and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, our code of ethics
applicable to the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, and Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance
is incorporated by reference to our Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, to be filed pursuant to Regulation
14A under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, on or prior to April 30, 2023 (the 2023 Proxy Statement ). 

We
have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics applicable to our directors, officers (including our principal executive officer, principal
financial officer and controller) and employees, known as the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. A copy of the Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics is available to any person, without charge, upon request addressed to Equus Total Return, Inc., Attention: Corporate Secretary,
700 Louisiana Street, 48 th Floor, Houston, TX 77002. In the event
that we amend or waive any of the provisions of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to our principal executive officer,
principal financial officer, or controller, we intend to disclose the same on our website at www.equuscap.com. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

Information
regarding Executive Compensation is incorporated by reference to our 2023 Proxy Statement. 

Item 12.
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

Information
regarding Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation
Plans is incorporated by reference to our 2023 Proxy Statement. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and
Related Transactions and Director Independence 

Information
regarding Certain Relationships and Related Transactions is incorporated by reference to our 2023 Proxy Statement. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees
and Services 

Information
regarding Principal Accountant Fees and Services is incorporated by reference to our 2023 Proxy Statement. 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial
Statement Schedules 

(a)(1) The following financial statement
schedules are filed herewith: 

Schedule 12-14
Investments in and Advances to Affiliates 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not Included. 

77 

 Table of Contents 

SCHEDULE 12-14 

 EQUUS TOTAL RETURN, INC. 

 SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS IN AND ADVANCES TO AFFILIATES 

(in thousands) 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 2022 

Portfolio Company 
 Investment (a) 
 Amount of Interest or Dividend 
 Credited to
 Income (d) 
 As of 
 December 31, 2021 
 Fair Value 
 Gross Additions (b) 
 Gross Reductions (c) 
 Decrease in Unrealized Appreciation / Depreciation 
 As of 
 December
31, 2022 Fair Value 
 
 Control Investments: Majority-owned 

Equus Energy, LLC 
 Member interest (100 
 
 13,000 
 150 
 
 2,500 
 15,650 

Total Control Investments: Majority-owned 
 13,000 
 150 
 
 2,500 
 15,650 
 
 Total Control Investments 
 
 13,000 
 150 
 
 2,500 
 15,650 

This schedule should be read in conjunction
with our Financial Statements, including our Schedule of Investments and Notes 3 and 4 to the Financial Statements. 

 (a) Common stock,
warrants, options and equity interests are generally non-income producing and restricted. In some cases, preferred stock may also be
non-income producing. The principal amount for debt and the number of shares of common stock and preferred stock is shown in the Schedule
of Portfolio Securities as of December 31, 2021. 

 (b) Gross additions
include increases in investments resulting from new portfolio company investments, paid-in-kind interest or dividends, the amortization
of discounts and fees, and the exchange of one or more existing securities for one or more new securities. Gross additions also include
net increases in unrealized appreciation or net decreases in unrealized depreciation. 

 (c) Gross reductions
include decreases in investments resulting from principal collections related to investment repayments or sales and the exchange of one
or more existing securities for one or more new securities. Gross reductions also include net increases in unrealized depreciation or
net decreases in unrealized appreciation. 

 (d) Represents the
total amount of interest or dividends credited to income for the portion of the year an investment was a control investment (more than
25 owned) or an affiliate investment (5 to 25 owned), respectively. All dividend income is non-cash unless otherwise noted. 

78 

 Table of Contents 

(a)(2) Exhibits 

3. 
 Articles of Incorporation and by-laws. 

(a) 
 Restated
 Certificate of Incorporation of the Fund, as amended. [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(a) to Registrant s Current Report
 on Form 8-K filed on January 21, 2021.] 

(b) 
 Certificate
 of Merger dated June 30, 1993, between the Fund and Equus Investments Incorporated. [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(b) to
 Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007.] 

(c) 
 Amended
 and Restated Bylaws of the Fund . [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3(b) to Registrant s
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 16, 2010.] 

10. Material
Contracts. 

(a) 
 Safekeeping
 Agreement between the Fund and Amegy Bank dated August 16, 2008 . [Incorporated by reference to
 Exhibit 10(c) to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2008.] 

(b) 
 Form
 of Indemnification Agreement between the Fund and certain of its directors and officers. [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(d)
 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011] 

(c) 
 Form
 of Release Agreement between the Fund and certain of its officers and former officers. [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(h)
 to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2004.] 

(d) 
 Code
 of Ethics of the Fund (Rule 17j-1) [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(f) to Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
 the year ended December 31, 2009.] 

(e) 
 2016
 Equity Incentive Plan, adopted June 13, 2016 [Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1 to Registrant s Definitive Proxy Statement
 filed on May 5, 2016.] 

23. 
 Consent of Experts and Counsel 

(1) 
 Consent
 of Independent Accountants, BDO USA, LLP 

31. 
 R u le 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications 

(1) 
 Certification
 by Chief Executive Officer 

(2) 
 Certification
 by Chief Financial Officer 

32. 
 Section 1350 Certification

(1) 
 Certification
 by Chief Executive Officer 

(2) 
 Certification
 by Chief Financial Officer 

99. 
 Equus Energy, LLC and Subsidiary

(1) 
 Consolidated
 Financial Statements of Equus Energy, LLC and Subsidiary as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years ended December 31,
 2022, 2021 and 2020 [Incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Registrant s Current Report on Form 10-K filed on March 28, 2023.] 

Filed herewith 

79 

 Table of Contents 

Pursuant to
the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has caused this report to be signed by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

EQUUS TOTAL RETURN, INC. 

Date: March 28, 2023 

/ S / JOHN A. HARDY 

John A. Hardy 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and
on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 Title 
 Date 

/ S / FRASER ATKINSON 
 Director 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 Fraser Atkinson 

/ S / KENNETH I. DENOS 
 Director, Secretary and Chief Compliance Officer 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 Kenneth I. Denos 

/ S / HENRY W. HANKINSON 
 Director 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 Henry W. Hankinson 

/ S / ROBERT L. KNAUSS 
 Director 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 Robert L. Knauss 

/ S / JOHN A. HARDY 
 Director, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 John A. Hardy 

/ S / L SHERYL D. HUDSON 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 L Sheryl D. Hudson 

80 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 ex231_consentofbdo.htm
 CONSENT OF BDO

EXHIBIT
23.1 

Consent
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Equus
Total Return, Inc. 

 Houston,
Texas 

 We
hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-216676 of Equus Total Return, Inc.
of our report dated March 28, 2023, relating to the financial statements and schedule, which appear in Form 10-K. 

 /s/
BDO USA, LLP 

Houston,
Texas 

 March
28, 2023 

BDO USA, LLP, a Delaware limited
liability partnership, is the U.S. member of BDO International Limited, a UK company limited by guarantee, and forms part of the international
BDO network of independent member firms. 

BDO is the brand name for the BDO
network and for each of the BDO Member Firms. 

R-221 (11/20) 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex311_302ceocertification.htm
 302 CEO CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

Form of Annual Certification Required 

 by Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 

 I, John A. Hardy, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Equus Total Return, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting, and; 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls. 

Date: March 28, 2023 

/s/ JOHN A. HARDY 

John A. Hardy 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex312_302cfocertification.htm
 302 CFO CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2 

Form of Annual Certification Required 

 by Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14 under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 

 I, L Sheryl D. Hudson, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Equus Total Return, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this annual report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting, and; 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls. 

Date: March 28, 2023 

/s/ L SHERYL D. HUDSON 

L Sheryl D. Hudson 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex321_906ceocertification.htm
 906 CEO CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 

 In connection with the accompanying
Annual Report of Equus Total Return, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ),
I, John A. Hardy, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 To my knowledge, the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Dated: March 28, 2023 

/s/ JOHN A. HARDY 

John A. Hardy 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex322_906cfocertification.htm
 906 CFO CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 (18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350) 

 In connection
with the accompanying Annual Report of EQUUS TOTAL RETURN, INC. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December
31, 2022 (the Report ), I, L Sheryl D. Hudson, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 To my knowledge, the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and 

(2) 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Dated: March 28, 2023 

/s/ L SHERYL D. HUDSON 

L Sheryl D. Hudson 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 7
 ex991_eqsenergyfinancials.htm
 EQUUS ENERGY FINANCIALS

EXHIBIT 99.1 

Equus Energy, LLC and Subsidiary 

Consolidated Financial Statements 

 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for
the three years ended December 31, 2022 

Table of Contents 

Equus
Energy, LLC and Subsidiary 

Contents 

Independent Auditor s Report 
 
 3 

Consolidated Financial Statements 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 5 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 6 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Member s (Deficit) Equity 
 
 7 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 8 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 9 

2 

 Table of Contents 

Independent Auditor s Report 

Board of Managers 

 Equus Energy, LLC 

 Houston, Texas 

Opinion 

We have audited the consolidated financial statements
of Equus Energy, LLC and its subsidiary (collectively, the Company ), which comprise the consolidated balance sheets as of
December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in member s (deficit) equity, and
cash flows for the three years then ended, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements. 

In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results
of its operations and its cash flows for the three years then ended in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

We conducted our audits in accordance with auditing
standards generally accepted in the United States of America GAAS ). Our responsibilities under those standards are further
described in the Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are required to
be independent of the Company and to meet our other ethical responsibilities, in accordance with the relevant ethical requirements relating
to our audits. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion. 

Responsibilities
of Management for the Consolidated Financial
Statements 

Management is responsible for the preparation and
fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America, and for the design, implementation, and maintenance of internal control relevant to the preparation and fair presentation
of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error. 

In preparing the consolidated financial statements,
management is required to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about
the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the consolidated financial statements are
issued or available to be issued. 

Auditor s Responsibilities for the Audits of the Consolidated
Financial Statements 

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and
to issue an auditor s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not absolute assurance
and therefore is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with GAAS will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve
collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control. Misstatements are considered material
if there is a substantial likelihood that, individually or in the aggregate, they would influence the judgment made by a reasonable user
based on the consolidated financial statements. 

3 

 Table of Contents 

In performing an audit in accordance with GAAS, we: 

Exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. 

Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, and design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. 

Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control. Accordingly, no such opinion is expressed. 

Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of significant accounting estimates made by management, as well as evaluate the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. 

Conclude whether, in our judgment, there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time. 

We are required to communicate with those charged
with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audits, significant audit findings, and certain internal
control-related matters that we identified during the audits. 

/s/ BDO USA, LLP 

Houston, Texas 

 March 28, 2023 

4 

 Table of Contents 

Equus
Energy, LLC and Subsidiary 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

December 31, 
 2022 
 2021 

Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 205,391 
 640,127 
 
 Accounts receivable 
 207,767 
 214,713 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 11,824 

Total Current Assets 
 424,982 
 854,840 

Oil and Gas Properties, net, using full cost method 
 60,134 
 4,086 

Total Assets 
 485,116 
 858,926 

Liabilities and Member's (Deficit) Equity 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and other current liabilities 
 109,491 
 102,201 
 
 Due to Parent 
 350,046 
 350,046 

Total Current Liabilities 
 459,537 
 452,247 

Asset Retirement Obligations 
 216,297 
 214,419 

Total Liabilities 
 675,834 
 666,666 

Commitments and Contingencies (See Notes 2 and 7) 

Member's (Deficit) Equity 
 (190,718 
 192,260 

Total Member's (Deficit) Equity 
 (190,718 
 192,260 

Total Liabilities and Member's (Deficit) Equity 
 485,116 
 858,926 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated
financial statements. 

5 

 Table of Contents 

Equus Energy, LLC and Subsidiary 

 Consolidated Statements of
Operations 

Year Ended December 31, 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Operating Revenue 

Oil revenues 
 371,241 
 318,209 
 234,407 
 
 Natural gas liquids revenues 
 415,873 
 245,219 
 140,606 
 
 Natural gas revenues 
 275,714 
 292,024 
 106,701 

Total Operating Revenue 
 1,062,828 
 855,452 
 481,714 

Operating Expenses 

Direct operating expenses 
 420,376 
 596,255 
 658,851 
 
 Gain on sale of oil and gas properties 
 
 (22,331 

Depletion, depreciation, amortization and accretion 
 3,792 
 6,680 
 25,629 
 
 Impairment of oil and gas properties 
 
 31,870 
 253,058 
 
 Professional fees 
 774,651 
 305,616 
 236,646 
 
 General and administrative 
 396,987 
 6,372 
 6,855 

Total Operating Expenses 
 1,595,806 
 924,462 
 1,181,039 

Net Loss 
 (532,978 
 (69,010 
 (699,325 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated
financial statements. 

6 

 Table of Contents 

Equus Energy, LLC and Subsidiary 

 Consolidated Statements
of Changes in Member s (Deficit) Equity 

Total 

Member's 

(Deficit) Equity 

Balance, January 1, 2020 
 49,595 

Capital conversion 
 561,000 

Net loss 
 (699,325 

Balance, December 31, 2020 
 (88,730 

Capital contribution 
 350,000 

Net loss 
 (69,010 

Balance, December 31, 2021 
 192,260 

Capital contribution 
 150,000 

Net loss 
 (532,978 

Balance, December 31, 2022 
 (190,718 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated
financial statements. 

7 

 Table of Contents 

Equus Energy, LLC and Subsidiary 

Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

Year Ended December 31, 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net loss 
 (532,978 
 (69,010 
 (699,325 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net 

cash used in operating activities: 

Depletion, depreciation and amortization 
 1,914 
 
 18,949 
 
 Accretion expense 
 1,878 
 6,680 
 6,680 
 
 Gain on sale of oil and gas properties 
 
 (22,331 

Impairment of oil gas properties 
 
 31,870 
 253,058 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 
 6,946 
 (137,685 
 (11,654 
 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 (11,824 
 
 34,119 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 7,290 
 (126,571 
 146,311 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 
 (526,774 
 (317,047 
 (251,862 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Sales of oil and gas properties 
 
 22,331 

Investment in oil and gas properties 
 (57,962 
 (35,956 
 (30,449 

Net Cash Used in Investing Activities 
 (57,962 
 (13,625 
 (30,449 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Due
 to Parent 

349,999 
 
 Capital contribution 
 150,000 
 350,000 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 
 150,000 
 350,000 
 349,999 

Net (Decrease) Increase in Cash and 

Cash Equivalents 
 (434,736 
 19,328 
 67,688 

Cash and Cash Equivalents, beginning of year 
 640,127 
 620,799 
 553,111 

Cash and Cash Equivalents, end of year 
 205,391 
 640,127 
 620,799 

Non-cash operating and financing activities: 

Non-cash conversion of related party payable 

561,000 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated
financial statements. 

8 

 Table of Contents 

Equus
Energy, LLC and Subsidiary Notes 

 to Consolidated Financial Statements December 

 31, 2022, 2021
and 2020 

1. 
 Nature of Operations 

Equus Energy, LLC Equus Energy was formed in November 2011 as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Equus Total Return, Inc. (the Fund to make investments in properties
in the energy sector, with a particular emphasis on income- producing oil gas properties. In December 2011, the Fund made an initial
contribution of 250,000 to Equus Energy. On December 27, 2012, the Fund invested an additional 6,800,000 in Equus Energy for the purpose
of additional working capital and to fund the purchase of various working interests, presently consisting of 136 producing and non- producing
oil and gas wells. The interests were acquired by EQS Energy Holdings, Inc., a taxable wholly-owned subsidiary of Equus Energy (Equus
Energy and EQS Energy Holdings, Inc. are collectively referred to herein as the Company ). On September 30, 2020, we converted
 561,000 in related party payable to equity for the purpose of additional working capital. On June 30, 2021, the Fund provided an additional
 350,000 in capital to Equus Energy for the purpose of additional working capital. On December 31, 2022, the Fund provided an additional
 150,000 in capital to Equus Energy for the purpose of additional working capital 

Currently owned
working interests include associated development rights of approximately 21,520 acres situated on 10 separate properties in Texas and
Oklahoma. The working interests range from a de minimus amount to 50 of the leasehold that includes these wells. 

The wells are
operated by a number of experienced operators, including Burk Royalty Co., LTD Burk ). Burk has operating responsibility
for all of the Company s 40 producing well interests located in the Conger Field, an oil and gas field on the edge of the Permian
Basin. The Company has a 50 working interest in each of the leases on which the wells are located, along with working interests
of 7.5 and 2.5 in the Burnell and North Pettus Units, respectively, which collectively comprise approximately 13,000 acres located in
the area known as the Eagle Ford Shale play. 

Liquidity Going Concern 

The gradual recovery of the world economy following the Covid-19 pandemic,
largely buoyed by fiscal and monetary stimulus, resulted in a strong recovery in energy prices through to the end of 2021, which continued
through the second and third quarters of 2022. The buildup and subsequent invasion of Ukraine by Russian forces in February 2022
added additional impetus to short-term commodity price increases. Since the end of the second quarter of 2022, however, oil prices
have largely retreated to pre-invasion levels. Natural gas has experienced even greater volatility in 2022, ranging from a high
of 6.50 per MMBTU to a low of 4.48 per MMBTU during the year and, as of March 24, 2023, stands at 2.22 per MMBTU. 

As a result, Equus Energy could see future capital expenditures postponed
indefinitely, which could have a material adverse effect upon the operations and long-term financial condition of Equus Energy. The substantial
decrease in natural gas spot prices has had a similar effect upon Equus Energy s revenue. This decrease, as well as the shut-in
of presently uneconomic wells due to low prices and excess demand has had, and is expected to continue to have, a material adverse effect
on the present and near-term cash flows of Equus Energy. The factors discussed above, therefore, raise substantial doubt about Equus Energy s
ability to continue as a going concern. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 205,391 in available cash to fund operations
for the next twelve months. Managements plan includes conserving existing cash. Additionally, Equus Total Return, Inc. has agreed to and
will continue to provide financial support to Equus Energy . for at least one year and one day past the date of this report and Equus
Total Return has the ability and intent to provide the financial support. As such, in connection with continued support from Equus Total
Return, management concluded this plan alleviate the substantial doubt that was raised about our ability to continue as a going concern
for at least twelve months from the date the financial statements were issued. 

9 

 Table of Contents 

Future Plans and Considerations 

Our plans to further enhance liquidity, which were not considered for the
purposes of our assessment of whether substantial doubt is alleviated, include (i) attempt to secure equity or debt financing from one
or more institutional sources, which sources may include the Fund, a commercial lender, or other investors, (ii) request that its operators
shut-in additional wells, (iii) sell certain of its oil and gas holdings, or (iv) undertake a combination of the foregoing. Our plans
are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties, and, accordingly, there can be no assurance that our plans can be effectively implemented
and, therefore, that the conditions can be effectively mitigated 

2. 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

Basis of Presentation and Consolidation 

The accompanying consolidated financial
statements are prepared on the accrual basis of accounting as codified in the Financial Standards Accounting Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC and include the accounts of the Company. All significant intercompany balances and
transactions have been eliminated. 

Use
of Estimates 

The preparation of consolidated financial
statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the
date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates. Management believes that these estimates and assumptions provide a reasonable basis for the fair presentation
of the consolidated financial statements. 

Significant estimates include volumes
of oil and natural gas reserves used in calculating depreciation and depletion of oil and gas properties, future net revenues, abandonment
obligations, impairment of undeveloped properties, the collectability of outstanding accounts receivable, contingencies, and the results
of current and future litigation. Oil and natural gas reserve estimates, which are the basis for unit-of-production depreciation and depletion,
and impairment have numerous inherent uncertainties. The accuracy of any reserve estimate is a function of the quality of available data
and of engineering and geological interpretation and judgment. Subsequent drilling results, testing, and production may justify revision
of such estimates. Accordingly, reserve estimates are often different from the quantities of oil and natural gas that are ultimately recovered.
In addition, reserve estimates are sensitive to changes in wellhead prices of crude oil and natural gas. 

The significant estimates are based
on current assumptions that may be materially affected by changes to future economic conditions such as the market prices received for
sales of volumes of oil and natural gas. Future changes in these assumptions may affect these significant estimates materially in the
near term. 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

The Company considers cash and cash equivalents to include all
cash, time deposits, certificates of deposit, and all highly liquid instruments with original maturities of three months or less. 

Receivables 

Accounts receivable primarily consists
of accrued revenues from oil and gas sales. The Company routinely assesses the recoverability of all material receivables to determine
their collectability. The Company recognizes a reserve on a receivable when, based on the judgment of management, it is likely that a
receivable will not be collected and the amount of any reserve may be reasonably estimated. No allowance for doubtful accounts was considered
necessary as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

10 

 Table of Contents 

Oil and Gas Properties 

The Company follows the full cost method
of accounting for oil and gas properties. Under this method of accounting, all costs incurred for both successful and unsuccessful exploration
and development activities, including salaries, benefits and other internal costs directly identified with these activities, and oil and
gas property acquisitions are capitalized. All costs related to production, general corporate overhead or similar activities are expensed
as incurred. Proved properties are amortized using the units of production method UOP ). The UOP calculation, in its simplest
terms, multiplies the percentage of estimated proved reserves produced by the cost of those reserves. The amortization base in the UOP
calculation includes the sum of proved property, net of accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization DD A ),
estimated future development costs (future costs to access and develop reserves) and asset retirement costs that are not already included
in oil and gas property, less related salvage value. In arriving at rates under the UOP method, the quantities of recoverable oil and
natural gas reserves are established based on estimates made by the third-party geologists and engineers using end-of-period costs and
an unweighted arithmetic average of commodity prices in effect on the first day of each of the previous twelve months, held flat for the
life of the production, except where prices are defined by contractual arrangements. Prices are adjusted for basis or location
differentials which require significant judgment, as does the projection of future production volumes and levels of future costs, including
future development costs. In addition, considerable judgment is necessary in determining when unproved properties become impaired and
in determining the existence of proved reserves once a well has been drilled. All of these judgments may have significant impact on the
calculation of depletion expense. 

Under the full-cost method of accounting,
the net book value of oil and gas properties may not exceed a calculated ceiling. The ceiling limitation is the estimated
future net cash flows from proved oil and gas reserves, discounted at ten percent per annum. Estimated future cash flows exclude future
cash outflows associated with settling accrued asset retirement obligations. The estimated future net cash flows are calculated using
end-of-period costs and an unweighted arithmetic average of commodity prices in effect on the first day of each of the previous twelve
months, held flat for the life of the production, except where prices are defined by contractual arrangements. Prices are adjusted for
 basis or location differentials. Any excess of the net book value of proved oil and gas properties over the ceiling is charged
to expense and reflected as additional impairment in the accompanying statements of operations. Based on calculated reserves at December
31, 2021 and 2020, the unamortized costs of the Company s oil and natural gas properties exceeded the ceiling test limit; therefore,
Equus Energy recorded an impairment of 31,870 and 253,058 during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. Equus Energy did not record
any impairment during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Proceeds from the sales or disposition
of oil and gas of proved and unproved properties are accounted for as a reduction of capitalized costs with no gain or loss recognized,
unless such reduction would significantly alter the relationship between capitalized costs and proved reserves, in which case the gain
or loss is recognized in the statement of operations. In general, a significant alteration occurs when the deferral of gains or losses
will result in an amortization rate materially different from the amortization rate calculated upon recognition of gains or losses. Abandonments
of properties are accounted for as adjustments of capitalized costs with no loss recognized. 

During the year ended December
31, 2021, the Company had sales of certain properties within the Needville Field in Fort Bend County, Texas. The Company evaluated the
sales and the net book value related to the properties was fully written off in prior periods. The Company recognized a gain of 22,331
from the proceeds on sale of the property. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2020, the Company had no sales of properties. 

11 

 Table of Contents 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company recognizes revenue at the
point in time when control of the promised goods is transferred to customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the
entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The Company adopted Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2014-09, Accounting Standards Codification 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ), which supersedes
the revenue recognition requirements in ASC 605, Revenue Recognition ASC 605 ), on January 1, 2019 using the modified
retrospective transition method. The Company did not record a change to its opening retained earnings as of January 1, 2019 as there was
no material change to the timing or pattern of revenue recognition due to the adoption of ASC 606. 

The Company s revenue is
generated primarily from the sale of oil, gas and natural gas liquids NGL produced from working interests and to a lesser
extent from royalty interests in oil and gas properties owned by the Company. As a working interest owner, the Company is responsible
for the incurred production expenses proportionate to the interest stipulated in the operating agreement. As a non-operator, the Company
does not manage the daily well operations, which are borne by the well operator. Sales of oil, gas and NGLs are recognized at the time
control of the product is transferred to the customer. 

Various arrangements amongst the eleven
different oil and gas properties all differ in some respects, although they do share the commonality that, as a non-operating working
interest holder, the Company does not engage in the selling process, but instead relies on the operator, as their selling agent, for negotiating
and determining pricing, volume, and delivery terms. Such pricing terms are often a function of a specified discount from the daily/monthly
NYMEX or Henry Hub average. The discount is usually based on differentials such as distance of the field/wells from the distribution node
or the buyer s storage facility, as well as the quality of the product itself (i.e., in the case of oil, its gravity). 

Revenue is measured based on consideration
specified in the contract with the customer, and excludes any amounts collected on behalf of third parties. The Company recognizes revenue
in the amount that reflects the consideration it expects to be entitled to in exchange for transferring control of those goods to the
customer. The contract consideration is typically allocated to specific performance obligations in the contract according to the terms
of the contract. Each unit of oil or gas is considered a separate performance obligation under the contract. Wells are spot measured once
a month to determine production and the composition of each of the products (i.e. oil, gas, NGLs) from the well. Each month the consideration
obtained by the operator is allocated to the related performance obligations. 

Performance Obligations 

A performance obligation is a promise
in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer, and is the unit of account in ASC 606. A contract s transaction
price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation and recognized as revenue when, or as, the performance obligation is satisfied.
Revenue is recognized when performance obligations are satisfied in accordance with contractual terms, in an amount that reflects the
consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for services rendered. 

Depending on the contract and commodity,
there are various means by which upstream entities can transfer control (i.e., at the wellhead, inlet, tailgate of the processing plant,
or a location where the product is delivered to a third party). The Operator has control of the commodity before it is extracted, therefore
consideration must be given to whether the transfer of control of the commodity is to the operator or to the end customer at the point
of sale. 

Unless special arrangements are
entered into, the Company s performance obligations are generally considered performed when control of the extracted commodity transfers
when it is delivered to the end customer at the agreed-upon market or index price. At the end of each month, when the performance obligation
is satisfied, the variable consideration can be reasonably estimated. Variances between the Company s estimated revenue and actual
payments are recorded in the month the payment is received. 

12 

 Table of Contents 

Contract Balances 

Receivables from contracts with customers
are recorded when the right to consideration becomes unconditional, generally when control of the product has been transferred to the
customer. Under the terms of the Company s contract with the operator, the operator processes invoices to the liable parties and
payments to the interest owners. Other than trade receivables, the Company s contracts do not give rise to contract assets or liabilities
under ASC 606. 

Principal vs. Agent 

ASC 606 focuses on control of the specified
goods and services as the overarching principle for entities to consider when determining whether they are acting as a principal or an
agent. 

An
entity acting as a principal records revenue on a gross basis if it controls a promised good or service before transferring that good
or service to the customer. An entity is an agent if it does not control the promised good or service before transfer to the customer.
If the entity is an agent, it records as revenue the net amount it retains for its agency services. However, due to the uncertainty of
the variable pricing component and the separation of expenses billed to the Company from the consideration processed and paid by the operator,
the revenue is recorded at net. 

Under the Company s normal operating
activity arrangements, the operator is responsible for negotiating, fulfilling and collecting the agreed-upon amount from the sale with
the end customer and is, therefore, determined to be acting as agent on behalf of the Company. The principal versus agent consideration
will continue to be assessed for new contracts, both within and outside the company s normal operating activities. 

Major Customers and Concentration
of Credit Risk 

In the exploration, development and
production business, production is normally sold to relatively few customers. Substantially all of the Company s customers are concentrated
in the oil and natural gas industry and revenue can be materially affected by current economic conditions, the price of certain commodities
such as crude oil and natural gas and the availability of alternate purchasers. The Company believes the loss of any of its major purchasers
would not have a long-term material adverse effect on its operations. 

Environmental Expenditures 

The Company is subject to extensive
federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations. These laws regulate the discharge of materials into the environment and may
require the Company to remove or mitigate the environmental effects of the disposal or release of petroleum or chemical substances at
various sites. Environmental expenditures are expensed or capitalized depending on their future economic benefit. Expenditures that relate
to an existing condition caused by past operations and that have no future economic benefits are expensed. 

Liabilities for
expenditures of a non-capital nature are recorded when environmental assessment and/or remediation is probable, and the costs can be reasonably
estimated. Such liabilities are generally undiscounted unless the timing of cash payments for the liability or component is fixed or reliably
determinable. No such liabilities existed or were recorded at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

13 

 Table of Contents 

Asset Retirement Obligations 

The
initial estimated asset retirement obligation related to property and equipment is recorded as a liability at its fair value, with an
offsetting asset retirement cost recorded as an increase to the associated property and equipment on the consolidated balance sheet. If
any of the assumptions used in determining the fair value of the recorded asset retirement obligation change, a revision is recorded to
both the asset retirement obligation and the asset retirement cost. Revisions in estimated liabilities can result from changes in estimated
inflation rates, changes in service and equipment costs and changes in the estimated timing of an asset s retirement. Asset retirement
costs are depreciated using a systematic and rational method similar to that used for the associated property and equipment. Accretion
on the liability is recognized over the estimated productive life of the related assets. Accretion expense for the years ended December
31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were 1,878,
 6,680, and 6,680, respectively. 

Leases 

In February 2016, the FASB issued
ASU 2016-02, Leases, which requires lessees to recognize on the balance sheet a right of use asset, representing its right to use the
underlying asset for the lease term, and a lease liability for all leases with terms greater than 12 months and the use of practical expedient
for leases less than 12 months. The guidance also requires qualitative and quantitative disclosures designed to assess the amount, timing,
and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. The standard requires the use of a modified retrospective transition approach, which
includes a number of optional practical expedients that entities may elect to apply. The new guidance was adopted effective January 1,
2022. The adoption of ASU 2016-02 did not have an impact on our financial statements as we currently have no operating or finance leases. 

Income Taxes 

For state tax purposes, EQS Energy
Holdings, Inc. files a combined Texas franchise filing with its direct parent Equus Energy, LLC along with its ultimate parent Equus Total
Return, Inc. However, Equus Energy, LLC is disregarded as an entity separate from its owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and
its activity is reported by Equus Total Return, Inc. 

EQS Energy Holdings, Inc., conversely,
is a taxable C-corporation that is not included in either the tax returns for Equus Energy, LLC or Equus Total Return, Inc. under U.S.
federal income tax principles, and accordingly files a separate corporate income tax return. 

The Company accounts for income taxes
under the asset and liability method, which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax
consequences of the events that have been included in the consolidated financial statements. 

Under this method, deferred tax assets
and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial statements and tax bases of assets and liabilities using
enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred
tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. 

The Company records deferred tax assets
to the extent the Company believes these assets will more-likely-than-not be realized. In making such determinations, the Company considers
all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of existing temporary differences, projected future taxable income,
tax planning strategies and recent financial operations. In the event the Company were to determine that it would be able to realize deferred
income tax assets in the future in excess of their net recorded amount, an adjustment to the valuation allowance would be made which would
reduce the provision for income taxes. 

14 

 Table of Contents 

ASC Topic 740-10, Income Taxes,
 provides that a tax benefit from an uncertain position may be recognized in the financial statements when it is more-likely-than-not
that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on technical
merits. This guidance also addresses measurement, derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting for interim periods,
disclosure and transition. The Company has no material uncertain tax positions in its prior or current filings. 

3. 
 Oil and Gas Properties 

Oil and gas properties as of December
31, 2022 and 2021 consist of the following: 

2022 
 2021 

Properties being depleted 
 8,154,872 
 8,096,910 
 
 Less: accumulated depreciation, depletion and impairment 
 8,094,738 
 8,092,824 

Oil and gas properties, net 
 60,134 
 4,086 

4. 
 Asset Retirement Obligations 

The fair value of a liability for Asset
Retirement Obligations ARO is recorded in the period in which it is incurred if a reasonable estimate of fair value can
be made, and the corresponding cost is capitalized as part of the carrying amount of the related long-lived asset. The liability is accreted
to its then present value each period, and the capitalized cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset. If the liability
is settled for an amount other than the recorded amount, an adjustment is made to the full cost pool, with no gain or loss recognized,
unless the adjustment would significantly alter the relationship between capitalized costs and proved reserves. The Company has estimated
its future ARO with respect to its operations. The ARO assets, which are carried on the balance sheet as part of the full cost pool, have
been included in the Company s amortization base for the purposes of calculating depreciation, depletion and amortization expense. 

The Company estimates the initial fair
value of its ARO based on discounted cash flow projections using numerous estimates, assumptions and judgments regarding such factors
as the existence of a legal obligation for an ARO, amounts and timing of settlements; the credit-adjusted risk-free rate to be used; and
inflation rates. The Company s initial recording of AROs are Level 3 fair value measurements. 

The following summarizes the changes in the asset retirement
obligation during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

2022 
 2021 

Balance, beginning of year 
 214,419 
 207,739 
 
 Accretion, net of settlements 
 1,878 
 6,680 

Balance, end of year 
 216,297 
 214,419 

15 

 Table of Contents 

5. 
 Fair Value Measurements 

Equus Energy uses various inputs in
determining the fair value of certain assets and liabilities. ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures, ASC 820, establishes
a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. The asset or liability s fair value
measurement level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement.
The three levels of the fair value hierarchy under ASC 820, including the types of Company assets or liabilities that fall under each
category and the valuation methodologies used to measure fair value, are described below: 

Level 1
 - Inputs to the valuation methodology are unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. 

Level 2 - Inputs
to the methodology are other than quoted market prices in active markets that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted
prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices that are in inactive markets; inputs other than quoted prices that are observable
for the assets or liability; and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or
other means. 

Level 3 -
Inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable inputs (i.e. projections, estimates, interpretations, etc.) that are supported by
little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. 

The inputs and methodology used for
valuing the Company s assets and liabilities are not indicators of the risks associated with those assets and liabilities. 

The following is a description of the valuation
methodology used for assets and liabilities measured at fair value: 

Asset retirement obligation at initial
recognition: the Company s ARO is based on the present value of future estimated cash flows, using a credit-adjusted risk free
discount rate and has been categorized under ASC 820 as a Level 3 fair value assessment. 

The Company s financial instruments
consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and other current liabilities and amounts due to
parent. The carrying amounts of accounts receivable, accounts payable and other current liabilities and amounts due to parent are
representative of their respective fair values due to short-term maturity of these instruments. 

6. 
 Concentrations of Credit Risk 

Financial instruments, which potentially
subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk, consist principally of cash and receivables. The Company maintains its cash with
a financial institution it believes has high credit quality. The Company at times maintains bank deposits in excess of insured limits.
The possibility of a loss exists if the bank holding excess deposits were to fail. Trade receivables result from oil and gas sales to
a small number of purchasers. To mitigate this credit risk, the Company closely monitors the payment history and credit worthiness of
each customer. 

16 

 Table of Contents 

7. 
 Legal Matters and Contingencies 

Litigation and Other Legal Matters 

In the normal course of business, the
Company may be party to various pending or threatened claims, lawsuits and administrative proceedings seeking damages or other remedies
concerning its commercial operations, employees and other matters. Although the outcome of any pending legal proceedings is unknown, the
Company believes that any liability resulting from the outcome of such proceedings, to the extent not otherwise provided for or covered
by insurance, will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial positions, results of operations or
liquidity. 

Certain conditions may exist as of
the date the financial statements are issued, which may result in a loss to the Company, but which will only be resolved when one or more
future events occur or fail to occur. The Company s management and its legal counsel assess such contingent liabilities, and such
assessment inherently involves an exercise of judgment. In assessing loss contingencies related to legal proceedings that are pending
against the Company or unasserted claims that may result in such proceedings, the Company s legal counsel evaluates the perceived
merits of any legal proceedings or unasserted claims, as well as the perceived merits of the amount of relief sought or expected to be
sought therein. 

If the assessment of a loss contingency
indicates that it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be reasonably estimated, then the estimated
liability is accrued in the Company s financial statements. If the assessment indicates that a potentially material loss contingency
is not probable, but is reasonably possible, or is probable but cannot be estimated, then the nature of the contingent liability, together
with an estimate of the range of possible loss, if determinable and material, would be disclosed. Loss contingencies considered remote
are generally not disclosed unless they involve guarantees, in which case the nature of the guarantee would be disclosed. The Company
expenses legal costs associated with contingencies as incurred. 

Environmental Contingencies 

The Company s
activities are subject to local, state and federal laws and regulations governing environmental quality and pollution control in the United
States. The exploration, drilling and production from wells, natural gas facilities, including the operation and construction of pipelines,
plants and other facilities for transporting, processing, treating or storing natural gas and other products, are subject to stringent
environmental regulation by state and federal authorities, including the Environmental Protection Agency EPA ). Such regulation
can increase our cost of planning, designing, installing and operating such facilities. 

Significant fines and penalties may
be imposed for the failure to comply with environmental laws and regulations. Some environmental laws provide for joint and several strict
liabilities for remediation of releases of hazardous substances, rendering a person liable for environmental damage without regard to
negligence or fault on the part of such person. In addition, we may be subject to claims alleging personal injury or property damage as
a result of alleged exposure to hazardous substances, such as oil and natural gas related products. 

At the present time, the Company believes
that none of the environmental laws materially hinder nor adversely affect the Company business. The Company believes it has abided by
and is currently in compliance with all applicable environmental laws. 

17 

 Table of Contents 

8. 
 Income Taxes 

The provision for income taxes for the years ended December 31,
2022, 2021, and 2020 consisted of the following: 

Years Ended December 31, 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Current (expense) benefit: 

Federal 
 (85,267 
 (31,201 
 120,340 
 
 State 
 (2,198 
 (1,040 
 537 

Total current (expense) benefit 
 (87,465 
 (32,241 
 120,877 

Deferred (expense) benefit: 

Federal 
 86,550 
 31,419 
 (120,453 
 
 State 
 915 
 822 
 (424 

Total deferred (expense) benefit 
 87,465 
 32,241 
 (120,877 

Total benefit (expense): 

Federal 
 1,283 
 218 
 (113 
 
 State 
 (1,283 
 (218 
 113 

Total benefit (expense) 

The components of the net deferred tax assets (liabilities) in
the Company s balance sheets were as follows: 

As of December 31, 
 2022 
 2021 

Deferred tax assets: 

Properties 
 715,154 
 747,565 
 
 Asset retirement obligation 
 45,422 
 45,028 
 
 State taxes 
 25,541 
 26,699 
 
 Net operating loss carryforwards 
 412,997 
 462,975 
 
 Total deferred tax assets 
 1,199,113 
 1,282,267 
 
 Valuation allowance 
 (1,193,749 
 (1,276,660 
 
 Deferred tax assets after valuation allowance 
 5,364 
 5,607 
 
 Deferred tax liabilities: 

State tax deduction 
 (5,364 
 (5,607 

The provision for income taxes varies from the maximum federal
statutory rate of 21 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, as follows: 

Years Ended December 31, 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Income tax expense (benefit) at federal statutory rate 
 (111,925 
 (9,938 
 (146,858 
 
 Effect of state income taxes 
 915 
 822 
 (424 
 
 Non-deductible Equus Energy, LLC loss 
 198,476 
 41,357 
 26,405 
 
 Change in valuation allowance 
 (87,465 
 (32,241 
 120,877 

Total 

18 

 Table of Contents 

Deferred
income tax assets and liabilities are recorded based on enacted tax rates applicable to the future period when those temporary differences
are expected to be recovered or settled. For the tax years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company s U.S Federal statutory
tax rate was 21 .
The Company is also subject to the Texas Gross Margin tax of .75 of modified taxable income as determined for Texas purposes. This combination
results in a marginal blended tax rate of approximately 21.6 . 

 At each of December 31, 2022 and
2021, the tax effected amount of U.S. Federal net operating loss carryforwards NOLs totaled 412,997 and 462,975, respectively. 

 The Company has determined, after
weighing both positive and negative evidence, that the net deferred tax asset (DTA) for the Company is not more-likely-than-not to be
realizable. Therefore, valuation allowances of 1,193,749 and 1,276,660 were established at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
to completely offset the net DTA in existence at each year end. 

 During the current period, the Company
has estimated a minimal amount of taxable income. However, this amount is fully offset with NOLs carried forward from years that have
not expired and are useable currently without limitation. As such, the Company has not recorded any current income tax expense for the
period. 

 As of December 31, 2022, the
Company has not recorded a reserve for uncertain tax positions. 

9. 
 Subsequent Events 

The Company
evaluates events and transactions occurring after the balance sheet date but before the financial statements are available to be issued.
The Company evaluated such events and transactions through March 28, 2023, the date the consolidated financial statements were available
for issuance. 

19 

</EX-99.1>

