<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230315_10-K_edgar_data_1618696_0001618696-23-000004.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3918650</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>428243</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>470665</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2804681</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>64732</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>53839</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>6</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001618696-23-000004.hdr.sgml : 20230315
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230315172456
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001618696-23-000004
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		17
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230315
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230315

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GUGGENHEIM CREDIT INCOME FUND 2019
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001618696
		IRS NUMBER:				472009064
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	814-01091
		FILM NUMBER:		23736266

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		330 MADISON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212 739 9282

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		330 MADISON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GUGGENHEIM CREDIT INCOME FUND - I
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20171023

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CAREY CREDIT INCOME FUND - I
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20170914

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Carey Credit Income Fund - I
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150723

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001618696-23-000004.txt : 20230315

10-K
 1
 gcif-20221231.htm
 10-K

gcif-20221231 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered None N/A N/A 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Shares, Par Value 0.001 Per Share 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The registrant has no active market for its common shares. As of December 31, 2022, non-affiliates held 1,734,877 of the outstanding common shares with an aggregate market value of 12.9 million based on a net asset value of 7.44 per common share. 

The number of the Registrant's common shares outstanding as of March 14, 2023 was . 

GUGGENHEIM CREDIT INCOME FUND 2019 INDEX 
 PAGE PART I. Item 1. Business 
 3 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 5 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 32 
 Item 2. Properties 
 32 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 32 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 32 
 PART II. Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 32 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 35 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 37 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 42 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data: 
 43 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 43 
 Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 44 
 Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 45 
 Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 46 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 47 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 48 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 60 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 60 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 60 
 PART III. Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 61 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 67 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 
 68 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Trustee Independence 
 69 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 72 
 PART IV. Item 15. Exhibits and Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules 
 74 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 76 
 Signatures 
 77 
 Guggenheim Credit Income Fund (Master Fund) Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-1 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K, or this Report, including Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, in Item 7 of Part II of this Report, contains statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the "Securities Act") and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). These forward-looking statements generally are characterized by the use of terms such as "may," "should," "plan," "anticipate," "estimate," "intend," "predict," "believe," "expect," "will," "will be," and "project" or the negative of these terms or other comparable terminology. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, our actual results could differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. Some factors that might cause such a difference include the following: increased direct competition; changes in government regulations or accounting rules; changes in local, national, and global economic conditions and capital market conditions; availability of proceeds from our offering of common shares; and the performance of Guggenheim Credit Income Fund (the "Master Fund") and its common shares that we own. Our actual results could differ materially from those implied or expressed in the forward-looking statements for any reason. You should exercise caution in relying on forward-looking statements as they involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may materially affect our future results, performance, achievements or transactions. Information on factors which could impact actual results and cause them to differ from what is anticipated in the forward-looking statements contained herein is included in this Report as well as in our other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"), including but not limited to those described in Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Report. Moreover, because we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment, new risks are likely to emerge from time to time. Given these uncertainties, we caution you not to place undue reliance on such statements, which apply only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events, or changes to future operating results over time unless otherwise required by law. The forward-looking statements should be read in light of the risk factors identified in Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Report. The forward-looking statements and projections contained in this Report are excluded from the safe harbor protection provided by Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. 
 All references to "Note" or "Notes" throughout this Report refer to the footnotes to the financial statements presented in Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 
 Unless otherwise noted, the terms we, us, our, and the "Company" refer to Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2019. Other capitalized terms used in this Report have the same meaning as in the accompanying financial statements presented in Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , unless otherwise defined herein. Guggenheim Partners Investment Management, LLC is referred to as "Guggenheim" or the "Advisor" throughout this Report. 

2 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business. 
 Overview 
 We are a feeder fund and we are affiliated with the Master Fund, which is a specialty finance investment company that has elected to be treated as business development companies ("BDC") under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act ). We were formed on September 5, 2014 as a statutory trust under the laws of the State of Delaware and we commenced our investment activities on October 15, 2015 concurrent with the commencement of subscription activity for our Common Shares. From inception through September 10, 2017, the Master Fund was externally managed by Carey Credit Advisors, LLC ("CCA") and Guggenheim Partners Investment Management, LLC ("Guggenheim" or the "Advisor"), which were responsible for sourcing potential investments, analyzing and conducting due diligence on prospective investment opportunities, structuring investments and ongoing monitoring of the Master Fund s investment portfolio. On August 10, 2017, CCA resigned as the Master Fund's investment advisor and administrator, and the Master Fund's Board of Trustees ("Master Fund's Board") selected Guggenheim to perform the Master Fund's investment advisory and administrative responsibilities, both events concurrently effective on September 11, 2017. The Master Fund's management discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is presented in its annual report on Form 10-K, as filed at www.sec.gov , and it should be read in its entirety. 
 Plan of Liquidation 
 In accordance with the offering documents and the intention of Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2016 T ("GCIF 2016T") and Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2019 ("GCIF 2019") (together, the "Feeder Funds") to provide substantial shareholder liquidity, the Boards of Trustees of the Master Fund and the Feeder Funds approved respective Plans of Liquidation for each company on March 30, 2021 (each, a "Liquidation Plan"). In accordance with the Liquidation Plans, the Board has declared multiple liquidating distributions which are outlined in the table below. These distributions have been substantially composed of return of capital and have decreased the net asset value of the Master Fund and Feeder Funds. As such, the value on shareholder s investment statements has decreased as liquidating distributions have been paid. 
 For the Master Fund, as of March 14, 2023, over 85 of the NAV has been declared to be paid to shareholders in the form of liquidating distributions. 
 The table below is intended to highlight some relevant metrics associated with the Plans of Liquidation. 
 Noted Information GCIF (Master Fund) GCIF 2016 T GCIF 2019 Cumulative Liquidating Distributions declared per share through March 14, 2023 6.55 6.89 18.89 Number of Portfolio Companies at beginning of Year 34 Number of Portfolio Companies at end of Period 18 YTD Portfolio sales and repayments in thousands) 81,685 Cumulative Liquidating Distributions Declared through March 14, 2023 in thousands) (167,642) (112,288) (32,798) Percentage of December 31, 2020 NAV Declared through March 14, 2023 86.64 86.34 83.33 Net Assets at beginning of Year in thousands) 157,280 106,886 32,183 Net Assets at end of Period in thousands) 61,273 41,115 12,926 Net asset value per share at end of period 2.39 2.52 7.44 
 In accordance with the Liquidation Plan, the Master Fund and the Feeder Funds will remain registered as a BDC and intend to maintain their qualifications, as RICs under Subchapter M of the Code. 
 Investment Objectives and Investment Program 
 Our investment objectives are to provide our shareholders with current income, capital preservation and, to a lesser extent, long-term capital appreciation. 
 
 3 

We intend to meet our investment objectives by investing substantially all of our equity capital in the Master Fund. The Master Fund's investment objectives are the same as our own. Prior to the Board's approval of the Liquidation Plan, the Master Fund's investment strategy was focused on creating and growing an investment portfolio that generates superior risk-adjusted returns by carefully selecting investments through rigorous due diligence and actively managing and monitoring its investment portfolio. When evaluating an investment and the related portfolio company, the Master Fund uses the resources of its advisor to develop an investment thesis and a proprietary view of a potential portfolio company s intrinsic value. We believe the Master Fund's flexible approach to investing allows it to take advantage of opportunities that offer favorable risk/reward characteristics. 
 The Master Fund primarily focuses on the following range of investment types that may be available within the capital structure of portfolio companies: 
 Senior Debt. Senior debt investments generally take a security interest in the available assets of the portfolio company, including equity interests in any of its subsidiaries. The senior debt classification includes senior secured first lien loans, senior secured second lien loans, senior secured bonds and senior unsecured debt. In some circumstances, the secured lien could be subordinated to the claims of other creditors. While there is no specific collateral associated with senior unsecured debt, such positions are senior in payment priority over subordinated debt creditors. 
 Subordinated Debt. Subordinated debt investments are generally subordinated to senior debt investments and are generally unsecured. These investments are generally structured with interest-only payments throughout the life of the security with the principal due at maturity. 
 Equity Investments . Preferred and/or common equity investments may be acquired alongside senior and subordinated debt investment activities or through the exercising of warrants or options attached to debt investments. Income is generated primarily through regular or sporadic dividends and realized gains on dispositions of such investments. 
 The Master Fund's investment activities may vary substantially from period to period depending on many factors, including: the demand for capital from creditworthy privately owned U.S. companies, the level of merger, acquisition and refinancing activity involving private companies, the availability of credit to finance transactions, the general economic environment, the competitive investment environment for the types of investments the Master Fund currently seeks and intends to seek in the future, the amount of equity capital the Master Fund raises from the sale of its common shares to us and any other feeder funds and the amount and cost of capital that the Master Fund may borrow. 
 The Master Fund acquires its portfolio investments through the following investment access channels: 
 Direct Originations: This channel consists of investments that are directly originated through Guggenheim's relationship network. Such investments are originated and/or structured by Guggenheim and are not generally available to the broader investment market. These investments may include both debt and equity investment components. 
 Syndicated Transactions: This channel primarily includes investments in broadly syndicated loans and high yield bonds, typically originated and arranged by investment intermediaries other than Guggenheim. These investments may be purchased at the original syndication or in the secondary through various trading markets. 
 On July 15, 2015, the staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") issued a no action letter to the Master Fund and Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2016 T (the Initial Feeder Fund ), permitting the Master Fund, the Initial Feeder Fund and any other feeder fund that may be created in the future that invests all or substantially all its assets in the Master Fund (each, an Additional Feeder Fund and collectively with the Initial Feeder Fund, the Feeder Funds to operate in a master/feeder fund structure. More specifically, the no action letter permits: 
 a Feeder Fund to operate as a BDC under the 1940 Act; 
 a Feeder Fund to look through the Master Fund and treat as its assets its proportionate ownership interest in the Master Fund s assets; and 
 the Master Fund to repurchase its shares in connection with the planned liquidation of a Feeder Fund at the end of the Feeder Fund s finite term. 
 4 

Available Information 
 We will supply to any shareholder, upon written request and without charge, a copy of this Report as filed with the SEC. All of our filings can also be obtained for free on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . For more information, please visit www.guggenheiminvestments.com/credit-income-fund . 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. (TBU) 
 Our business, results of operations, financial condition and ability to pay dividends could be materially adversely affected by various risks and uncertainties, including those enumerated below. These risk factors may have affected, and in the future could affect, our actual operating and financial results and could cause such results to differ materially from those in any forward-looking statements. You should not consider this list of risk factors to be exhaustive. New risk factors emerge periodically, and we cannot assure you that the factors described below list all risks that may become material to us at any later time. The list of risk factors presented below pertain to us, or the Master Fund, or both us and the Master Fund. 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Some, but not all, of the risks and uncertainties that we face are related to: 
 Our ability to achieve our investment objectives depends on the Advisor's ability to manage and support our investment process. 
 Because our business model depends to a significant extent upon relationships with corporations, financial institutions and investment firms, the inability of the Advisor to maintain or develop these relationships, or the failure of these relationships to generate investment opportunities, could adversely affect our business. 
 We may face increasing competition for investment opportunities, which could delay further deployment of our capital, reduce returns and result in losses. 
 The amount of any distributions we may make is uncertain. We may not be able to pay distributions or be able to sustain distributions at any particular level, and our distributions per share may not grow over time or may decline. We have not established any limit on the extent to which we may use borrowings, if any, or offering proceeds to fund distributions (which may reduce the amount of capital we ultimately invest in portfolio companies). 
 Our distributions may exceed our taxable earnings and profits. Therefore, portions of the distributions that we pay may represent a return of capital to you, which will lower your tax basis in your Shares, which may cause you to experience increases in capital gains in subsequent sales of your Shares, and reduce the amount of funds we have for investment in portfolio companies. 
 A significant portion of our investment portfolio will be recorded at fair value as determined in good faith in accordance with procedures established by our Board of Trustees and, as a result, there is and will be uncertainty as to the value of our portfolio investments. 
 We are dependent on information systems and systems failures could significantly disrupt our business, which may, in turn, negatively affect our liquidity, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Changes in laws or regulations governing our operations may adversely affect our business or cause us to alter our business strategy. 
 We are a non-diversified investment company within the meaning of the 1940 Act and therefore we are not limited with respect to the proportion of our assets that may be invested in securities of a single issuer. 
 Global capital markets could enter a period of severe disruption and instability. These conditions have historically affected and could again materially and adversely affect debt and equity capital markets in the United States and around the world and could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our investments in portfolio companies may be risky and we could lose all or part of our investment. 
 Our portfolio companies may incur debt that ranks equally with, or senior to, our investments in such companies. 
 There may be circumstances where our debt investments could be subordinated to claims of other creditors or we could be subject to lender liability claims. 
 5 

We generally will not control the business operations of our portfolio companies and, due to the illiquid nature of our holdings in our portfolio companies, may not be able to dispose of our interest in our portfolio companies. 
 We will be exposed to risks associated with changes in interest rates. 
 Inflation has and may continue to adversely affect our business. 
 To the extent OID and PIK interest income constitute a portion of our income, we will be exposed to risks associated with the deferred receipt of cash representing such income. 
 Defaults by our portfolio companies will harm our operating results. 
 The lack of liquidity in our investments may adversely affect our business. 
 We may not have the funds or ability to make additional investments in our portfolio companies or to fund our unfunded commitments. 
 To the extent that we borrow money, the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested in us will be magnified and may increase the risk of investing in us. Borrowed money may also adversely affect the return on our assets, reduce cash available to service our debt or for distribution to our shareholders and result in losses. 
 The agreements governing our financing arrangements contain various covenants which, if not complied with, could accelerate repayment under the applicable arrangement, thereby materially and adversely affecting our liquidity, financial condition, results of operations and our ability to pay distributions to our shareholders. 
 The Advisor will experience conflicts of interest in connection with the management of our business affairs. 
 The Advisor has incentives to favor its other accounts and clients over us, which may result in conflicts of interest that could be harmful to us. 
 Our Advisor will face restrictions on its use of inside information about existing or potential investments that it acquires through its relationships with other advisory clients, and those restrictions may limit the freedom of our Advisor to enter into or exit from investments for us, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 We may be obligated to pay our Advisor incentive fees even if we incur a net loss due to a decline in the value of our portfolio and even if our earned interest income is not payable in cash. 
 Our incentive fee may induce our Advisor to make speculative investments. 
 Our ability to enter into transactions with our affiliates will be restricted. 
 We may make investments that could give rise to a conflict of interest. 
 Failure to maintain our status as a BDC would reduce our operating flexibility. 
 If we cannot obtain debt financing or equity capital on acceptable terms, our ability to acquire investments and to expand our operations will be adversely affected. 
 Investing in our Shares involves a high degree of risk. 
 We intend, but are not required, to offer to repurchase your Shares on a quarterly basis. As a result you will have limited opportunities to sell your Shares. 
 Our Shares are not listed on a securities exchange and our shareholders have limited liquidity. In addition, the timing of our repurchase offers pursuant to our share repurchase program may be at a time that is disadvantageous to our shareholders, and to the extent our shareholders are able to sell their Shares under the share repurchase program, our shareholders may not be able to recover the amount of their investment in our Shares. 
 We may be unable to invest a significant portion of our investment capital on acceptable terms in an acceptable timeframe. 
 Liquidation risk. 
 The net asset value of our Shares may fluctuate significantly. 
 We will be subject to corporate-level income tax if we are unable to maintain our qualification as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code or if we make investments through taxable subsidiaries. 
 6 

We may have difficulty paying our required distributions if we recognize income before or without receiving cash representing such income. 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS 
 Our ability to achieve our investment objectives depends on the Advisor s ability to manage and support our investment process. If the Advisor were to lose a significant number of its key professionals, or terminate the Investment Advisory Agreement, our ability to achieve our investment objectives could be significantly harmed. 
 We do not have employees. Additionally, we have no internal management capacity other than our appointed executive officers and are dependent upon the investment expertise, skill and network of business contacts of our Advisor to achieve our investment objectives. Our Advisor evaluates, negotiates, structures, executes, monitors and services our investments. Our success will depend to a significant extent on the continued service and coordination of our Advisor, including its key professionals. The departure of a significant number of key professionals from Guggenheim could have a material adverse effect on our ability to achieve our investment objectives. 
 Our ability to achieve our investment objectives also depends on the ability of our Advisor to identify, analyze, invest in, finance and monitor companies that meet our investment criteria. Our Advisor s capabilities in structuring the investment process, providing competent, attentive and efficient services to us, and facilitating access to financing on acceptable terms depend on the involvement of investment professionals in an adequate number and of adequate sophistication to match the corresponding flow of transactions. To achieve our investment objectives, our Advisor may need to retain, hire, train, supervise and manage new investment professionals to participate in our investment selection and monitoring process. Our Advisor may not be able to find qualified investment professionals in a timely manner or at all. Any failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, the Investment Advisory Agreement has termination provisions that allow the agreement to be terminated by the Master Fund upon 60 days notice if the Master Fund's Board of Trustees or holders of a majority of the Master Fund's outstanding common shares so direct. The Investment Advisory Agreement may be terminated at any time, without penalty, by Guggenheim upon 120 days notice to the Master Fund. The termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement may adversely affect the quality of our investment opportunities and it may be difficult for the Master Fund to replace Guggenheim. 
 Because our business model depends to a significant extent upon relationships with corporations, financial institutions and investment firms, the inability of the Advisor to maintain or develop these relationships, or the failure of these relationships to generate investment opportunities, could adversely affect our business. 
 We expect that Guggenheim will depend on its relationships with corporations, financial institutions and investment firms, and we rely indirectly to a significant extent upon these relationships to provide us with potential investment opportunities. If Guggenheim fails to maintain its existing relationships, or develop new relationships or sources of investment opportunities, we may not be able to grow our investment portfolio. In addition, individuals with whom Guggenheim has relationships are not obligated to provide us with investment opportunities, and, therefore, there is no assurance that such relationships will generate investment opportunities for us. 
 7 

We may face increasing competition for investment opportunities, which could delay further deployment of our capital, reduce returns and result in losses. 
 We may compete for investments with other BDCs and investment funds (including registered investment companies, private equity funds and private credit funds), as well as traditional financial services companies such as commercial banks and other sources of funding. Moreover, alternative investment vehicles, such as hedge funds, continue to increase their investment focus in our target market of privately-owned U.S. companies. Moreover, we have experienced, and may continue to experience, increased competition from banks and investment vehicles who may continue to lend to the middle market, including lending activity in our target market of privately-owned U.S. companies. Additionally, the Federal Reserve and other bank regulators may periodically provide incentives to U.S. commercial banks to originate more loans in the middle market for private companies. As a result of these new entrants and regulatory incentives, competition for investment opportunities in privately-owned U.S. companies may intensify. Many of our competitors are substantially larger and have considerably greater financial, technical and marketing resources than we do. For example, some competitors may have a lower cost of capital and access to funding sources that are not available to us. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments than we have. These characteristics could allow our competitors to consider a wider variety of investments, establish more relationships, and offer better pricing and more flexible structuring than we are able to do. 
 We may lose investment opportunities if we do not match our competitors pricing, terms and investment structure criteria. If we are forced to match these competitors investment terms criteria, we may not be able to achieve acceptable returns on our investments or may bear substantial risk of capital loss. A significant increase in the number and/or the size of our competitors in this target market could force us to accept less attractive investment terms. Furthermore, many of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a BDC or the source of income, asset diversification and distribution requirements we must satisfy to maintain our regulated investment company ("RIC" or "RICs") status under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). The competitive pressures we face, and the manner in which we react or adjust to these competitive pressures, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, effective yield on investments, investment returns, leverage ratio and cash flows. As a result of this competition, we may not be able to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities from time to time. Also, we may not be able to identify and make investments that are consistent with our investment objectives. 
 The amount of any distributions we may make is uncertain. We may not be able to pay distributions or be able to sustain distributions at any particular level, and our distributions per share may not grow over time or may decline. We have not established any limit on the extent to which we may use borrowings, if any, or offering proceeds to fund distributions (which may reduce the amount of capital we ultimately invest in portfolio companies). 
 We expect to pay distributions out of assets legally available for distribution based on our investment performance. However, we cannot assure you that we will achieve investment results that will allow us to make a consistent targeted level of cash distributions or year-to-year increases in cash distributions. Our ability to pay distributions might be adversely affected by the impact of the risks described in this Report. In addition, the inability to satisfy the asset coverage test applicable to us as a BDC can limit our ability to pay distributions. Distributions from offering proceeds or from borrowings could also reduce the amount of capital we ultimately invest in interests of portfolio companies. We cannot assure you that we will pay distributions to our shareholders in the future. 
 8 

Our distributions to shareholders may be funded from waivers of investment advisory fees, or expense reimbursements, that are subject to repayment pursuant to our expense reimbursement agreement. 
 We expect that for a period of time following commencement of this offering, which time period may be significant, substantial portions of our distributions will be funded through the reimbursement of certain expenses by the Advisor, that are subject to repayment by us within three years or waivers of investment advisory fees otherwise imposed by the Advisor. Any such distributions funded through expense reimbursements or waivers will not be based on our investment performance, and can only be sustained if we achieve positive investment performance in future periods and/or the Advisor continues to make such reimbursements of certain expenses or waives such fees. Our future repayments of amounts reimbursed by the Advisor will reduce the distributions that shareholders would otherwise receive in the future. There can be no assurance that we will achieve the performance necessary to be able to pay distributions at a specific rate or at all. The Advisor has no obligation to reimburse expenses in future periods. 
 Our distributions may exceed our taxable earnings and profits, particularly during the period before we have substantially invested the net proceeds from our securities offering. Therefore, portions of the distributions that we pay may represent a return of capital to you, which will lower your tax basis in your Shares, which may cause you to experience increases in capital gains in subsequent sales of your Shares, and reduce the amount of funds we have for investment in portfolio companies. 
 In the event that we encounter delays in locating suitable investment opportunities, we may pay our distributions from offering proceeds or from borrowings in anticipation of future cash flow, which may constitute a return of your capital net of sales load and fund expenses previously paid and will lower your tax basis in your Shares, which may cause you to experience increases in capital gains in subsequent sales of your Shares. Distributions from offering proceeds or from borrowings also could reduce the amount of capital we ultimately have available to invest in interests of portfolio companies. 
 A significant portion of our investment portfolio will be recorded at fair value as determined in good faith in accordance with procedures established by our Board of Trustees and, as a result, there is and will be uncertainty as to the value of our portfolio investments. 
 As a BDC, we are required to carry our portfolio investments at market value or, if there is no readily available market value, at fair value as determined in accordance with procedures established by our Board of Trustees. There is not a public market or active secondary market for many of the securities of the privately-held companies in which we intend to invest. The majority of our investments may not be publicly traded or actively traded on a secondary market but, instead, may be traded on a privately-negotiated, over-the-counter secondary market for institutional investors, if at all. As a result, we will value a significant portion of these securities at fair value as determined in good faith in accordance with procedures established by our Board of Trustees. 
 The determination of fair value, and thus the amount of unrealized gains or losses we may recognize in any year, is to a degree subjective, and our Advisor has a conflict of interest in making recommendations of fair value. We will value these securities at fair value as determined in good faith in accordance with procedures established by our Board of Trustees and based on input from our Advisor and our Audit Committee. Our Board of Trustees may utilize the services of independent third-party valuation firms to aid it in determining the fair value of any securities and generally expects to do so with respect to Level 3 assets on a quarterly basis. The types of factors that may be considered in determining the fair values of our investments include the nature and realizable value of any collateral, the portfolio company s ability to make payments and its earnings, the markets in which the portfolio company does business, comparison to publicly-traded companies, discounted cash flow, current market interest rates and other relevant factors. Because such valuations, and particularly valuations of private securities and private companies, are inherently uncertain, the valuations may fluctuate significantly over short periods of time due to changes in current market conditions. The determinations of fair value in accordance with procedures established by our Board of Trustees may differ materially from the values that would have been used if an active market and market quotations existed for these investments. Our net asset value could be adversely affected if the determinations regarding the fair value of our investments were materially higher than the values that we ultimately realize upon the disposal of such investments. 
 9 

We are dependent on information systems and systems failures could significantly disrupt our business, which may, in turn, negatively affect our liquidity, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Our business is dependent on our third parties communications and information systems. Any failure or interruption of those systems, including as a result of the termination of an agreement with any third-party service providers, could cause delays or other problems in our activities. Our financial, accounting, data processing, backup or other operating systems and facilities may fail to operate properly or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors including events that are wholly or partially beyond our control. There could be: 
 sudden electrical or telecommunications outages; 
 natural disasters such as earthquakes, tornadoes and hurricanes; 
 disease pandemics; 
 events arising from local or larger scale political or social matters, including terrorist acts; and 
 cyber-attacks. 
 These events, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and negatively affect the net asset value of our Shares and our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders. 
 Cybersecurity risks and cyber incidents may adversely affect our business by causing a disruption to our operations, a compromise or corruption of our confidential information and/or damage to our business relationships, all of which could negatively impact our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 A cyber incident is considered to be any adverse event that threatens the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our information resources. These incidents may be an intentional attack or an unintentional event and could involve gaining unauthorized access to our information systems for purposes of misappropriating assets, stealing confidential information, corrupting data or causing operational disruption. The result of these incidents may include disrupted operations, misstated or unreliable financial data, liability for stolen information, misappropriation of assets, increased cybersecurity protection and insurance costs, litigation and damage to our business relationships. Any such attack could result in significant losses, reputational damage, litigation, regulatory fines or penalties, or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to modify our protective measures and to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures arising from operational and security risks. We face risks posed to our information systems, both internal and those provided to us by third-party service providers. We, our Advisor and its affiliates have implemented processes, procedures and internal controls to help mitigate cybersecurity risks and cyber intrusions, but these measures, as well as our increased awareness of the nature and extent of a risk of a cyber incident, may be ineffective and do not guarantee that a cyber incident will not occur or that our financial results, operations or confidential information will not be negatively impacted by such an incident. 
 Third parties with which we do business (including those that provide services to us) may also be sources or targets of cybersecurity or other technological risks. We outsource certain functions and these relationships allow for the storage and processing of our information and assets, as well as certain investor, counterparty, employee and borrower information. While we engage in actions to reduce our exposure resulting from outsourcing, ongoing threats may result in unauthorized access, loss, exposure or destruction of data, or other cybersecurity incidents, with increased costs and other consequences, including those described above. Privacy and information security laws and regulation changes, and compliance with those changes, may also result in cost increases due to system changes and the development of new administrative processes. 
 Any unrealized losses we experience on our portfolio may be an indication of future realized losses, which could reduce our income available for distribution. 
 As a BDC, we are required to carry our investments at market value or, if no market value is ascertainable, at the fair value as determined in good faith in accordance with procedures established by our Board of Trustees. Decreases in the market values or fair values of our investments relative to amortized cost will be recorded as unrealized depreciation. Any unrealized losses in our loan portfolio could be an indication of a portfolio company s inability to meet its repayment obligations to us with respect to the affected loans. This could result in realized losses in the future and ultimately in reductions of our income available for distribution in future periods. In addition, decreases in the market value or fair value of our investments will reduce our net asset value. 
 Our Board of Trustees may change our operating policies and strategies without prior notice or shareholder approval, the effects of which may be adverse to our shareholders. 
 10 

Our Board of Trustees has the authority to modify or waive our current operating policies, investment criteria and strategies without prior notice and without shareholder approval. We cannot predict the effect any changes to our current operating policies, investment criteria and strategies would have on our business, net asset value, operating results and the value of our Shares. However, the effects might be adverse, which could negatively impact our ability to pay you distributions and cause you to lose all or part of your investment. Moreover, we will have significant flexibility in investing the net proceeds of this offering and may use the net proceeds from this offering in ways that our investors may not agree with. 
 Certain investment analysis and decisions by the Advisor may be undertaken with limited information. 
 Given the nature of our investments, the same level of information that would exist for a publicly-traded company may not be available to the Advisor. Therefore, at times, the Advisor may be forced to make investment decisions with limited information regarding factors that may adversely affect an investment. 
 Changes in laws or regulations governing our operations may adversely affect our business or cause us to alter our business strategy. 
 We and our portfolio companies are subject to regulation at the local, state and federal levels. Changes to the laws and regulations governing our permitted investments may require a change to our investment strategy. Most recently, the current federal administration has called for significant changes in U.S. trade, healthcare, individual and corporate taxation, immigration, foreign and government regulatory policies. In this regard, there is significant uncertainty with respect to legislation, regulation and government policies at the federal level, as well as at the state and local government levels. Such changes could differ materially from our strategies and plans as set forth in this Report and may shift our investment focus from the areas of expertise of our Advisor. Thus, any such changes, if they occur, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and the value of your investment. 
 We may experience fluctuations in our quarterly results. 
 We could experience fluctuations in our quarterly operating results due to a number of factors, including our ability or inability to make investments in companies that meet our investment criteria, the interest rate payable and default rates on the debt securities we acquire, the level of our expenses, variations in and the timing of the recognition of realized and unrealized gains or losses, the degree to which we encounter competition in our markets and general economic conditions. These occurrences could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, the value of your investment in us and our ability to pay distributions to you and our other shareholders. 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR INVESTMENTS 
 We are a non-diversified investment company within the meaning of the 1940 Act and therefore we are not limited with respect to the proportion of our assets that may be invested in securities of a single issuer. 
 We are classified as a non-diversified investment company within the meaning of the 1940 Act, which means that we are not limited by the 1940 Act with respect to the proportion of our assets that we may invest in securities of a single issuer. To the extent that we hold large positions in the securities of a small number of issuers, or within a particular industry, our net asset value may fluctuate to a greater extent than that of a diversified investment company as a result of changes in the issuer s financial condition or the market s assessment of the issuer. We may also be more susceptible to any single economic or regulatory occurrence than a diversified investment company. However, we will be subject to the diversification requirements applicable to RICs under Subchapter M of the Code. 
 11 

Global capital markets could enter a period of severe disruption and instability. These conditions have historically affected and could again materially and adversely affect debt and equity capital markets in the United States and around the world and could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Market and macro-economic disruptions may, in the future, affect the U.S. capital markets, which could adversely affect our business and that of our portfolio companies. These market disruptions may also affect the broader financial and credit markets and may reduce the availability of debt and equity capital for the market as a whole and to financial firms, in particular. At various times, these macro-disruptions have resulted in, and may in the future result in, a lack of liquidity in parts of the debt capital markets, significant write-offs in the financial services sector and the repricing of credit risk. These conditions may reoccur for a prolonged period of time again or materially worsen in the future, including as a result of further downgrades to the U.S. government s sovereign credit rating or the perceived credit worthiness of the United States or other large global economies. Unfavorable macro-economic conditions, including future recessions, also could increase our funding costs, limit our access to the capital markets or result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us. We may in the future have difficulty accessing debt and equity capital on attractive terms, or at all, and a severe disruption and instability in the global financial markets or deteriorations in credit and financing conditions may cause us to reduce the volume of loans we originate and/or fund, adversely affect the value of our portfolio investments or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. There has been ongoing discussion and commentary regarding potential significant changes to U.S. trade policies, treaties and tariffs. The current U.S. presidential administration, along with the U.S. Congress, has created significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the United States and other countries with respect to trade policies, treaties and tariffs. These developments, or the perception that any of them could occur, may have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, and may significantly reduce global trade and, in particular, trade between the impacted nations and the United States. The spread of an epidemic or pandemic and efforts to contain it may result in severe disruptions to financial markets, supply chains, availability of raw materials, goods, and services. As with other serious economic disruptions, governmental authorities and regulators are responding to this crisis with significant fiscal and monetary policy changes, including by providing direct capital infusions into companies, introducing new monetary programs and considerably lowering interest rates, which, in some cases resulted in negative interest rates. These actions, including their possible unexpected or sudden reversal or potential ineffectiveness, could further increase volatility in securities and other financial markets, reduce market liquidity, heighten investor uncertainty and adversely affect the value of our investments and our overall performance. In addition, uncertainty arising from the United Kingdom's decision to leave the European Union ("Brexit") could lead to further market disruptions and currency volatility, potentially weakening consumer, corporate and financial confidence and resulting in lower economic growth for companies that rely significantly on Europe for their business activities and revenues. Any of these factors could depress economic activity and restrict our portfolio companies' access to suppliers or customers and have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition and results of operations, which in turn would negatively impact us. 
 Our investments in portfolio companies may be risky and we could lose all or part of our investment. 
 We intend to pursue a strategy focused on investing primarily in the debt of privately-owned U.S. companies, with a focus on originated transactions sourced through the networks of our Advisor. The following are risks associated with our investments: 
 12 

Senior Secured Loans, Senior Unsecured Loans and Second Lien Loans . Senior loans hold the most senior position in the capital structure of a business entity, and are typically secured with specific collateral. When we invest in senior secured term loans and second lien loans, we generally seek to take a security interest in the available assets of these portfolio companies, including the equity interests of their subsidiaries. We expect this security interest to help mitigate the risk that we will not be repaid. However, there is a risk that the collateral securing our loans may decrease in value over time or lose its entire value, may be difficult to sell in a timely manner, may be difficult to appraise, and may fluctuate in value based upon the success of the business and market conditions, including as a result of the inability of the portfolio company to raise additional capital. Also, in some circumstances, with respect to our second lien loans, our security interest could be subordinated to claims of other creditors. In addition, deterioration in a portfolio company s financial condition and prospects, including its inability to raise additional capital, may be accompanied by deterioration in the value of the collateral for the loan. Consequently, the fact that a loan is secured does not guarantee that we will receive principal and interest payments according to the loan s terms, or at all, or that we will be able to collect on the loan should we be forced to enforce our remedies. 
 Senior unsecured loans are structured as loans that are not subordinate in right of payment to any other debt incurred by the borrower under such loan, but are not secured with any collateral that could help ensure repayment of the loan. In the event of non-payment by a borrower of a senior unsecured loan, the lender may be unable to collect the unpaid balance because there is no specific collateral on which the lender can foreclose. In particular, if there are also any outstanding secured loans, the lender of such loans may be able to foreclose on the collateral securing such loans, and such proceeds may be applied towards the repayment of such secured loans before any remaining proceeds may be applied towards repayment of senior unsecured loans. Consequently, senior unsecured loans may be subject to a greater risk of non-payment in the event of default than secured loans, particularly during periods of deteriorating economic conditions. 
 Subordinated Debt . Our subordinated, or mezzanine, debt investments will rank junior in priority of payment to senior loans and will generally be unsecured. These characteristics may result in a heightened level of risk and volatility or a loss of principal, which could lead to the loss of the entire investment. These investments may involve additional risks that could adversely affect our investment returns. To the extent interest payments associated with such debt are deferred, such debt may be subject to greater fluctuations in valuations, and such debt could subject us and our shareholders to non-cash income, including payment-in-kind ("PIK") interest, which represents contractual interest added to the loan balance and due at the end of the loan term, and original issue discount ("OID"). Loans structured with these features may represent a higher level of credit risk than loans that require interest to be paid in cash at regular intervals during the term of the loan. Since we generally will not receive any principal repayments prior to the maturity of some of our subordinated debt investments, such investments will have greater risk than amortizing loans. 
 Structured Products . We may also invest, to a limited extent, in structured products, which may include CDOs, CLOs, structured notes and credit-linked notes. These investment entities may be structured as trusts or other types of pooled investment vehicles. They may also involve the deposit with or purchase by an entity of the underlying investments and the issuance by that entity of one or more classes of securities backed by, or representing interests in, the underlying investments or referencing an indicator related to such investments. CDOs and CLOs are types of asset-backed securities issued by special purpose vehicles created to reapportion the risk and return characteristics of a pool of assets. The underlying pool for a CLO, for example, may include domestic and foreign senior loans, senior unsecured loans and subordinate corporate loans. Generally, these are not qualified as eligible portfolio companies EPCs ). Investments in the equity tranche or any similarly situated tranche of a structured product involve a greater degree of risk than investments in other tranches, and such investments will be the first to bear losses incurred by a structured product. 
 Equity Investments . We expect to make selected equity investments in the common or preferred stock of a company. In addition, when we invest in senior and subordinated debt, we may acquire warrants or options to purchase equity securities or benefit from other types of equity participation. Our goal is ultimately to dispose of these equity interests and realize gains upon our disposition of such interests. However, the equity interests we receive may not appreciate in value and, in fact, may decline in value. Accordingly, we may not be able to realize gains from our equity interests and any gains that we do realize on the disposition of any equity interests may not be sufficient to offset any other losses we experience. 
 13 

Investments in Private Investment Funds . We may invest in private investment funds, including hedge funds, private equity funds, limited liability companies and other business entities. In valuing our investments in private investment funds, we rely primarily on information provided by managers of such funds. Valuations of illiquid securities, such as interests in certain private investment funds, involve various judgments and consideration of factors that may be subjective. There is a risk that inaccurate valuations provided by managers of private investment funds could adversely affect the value of our Shares. We may not be able to withdraw our investment in certain private investment funds promptly after we have made a decision to do so, which may result in a loss to us and adversely affect our investment returns. 
 Derivatives . We may invest in derivative investments, which have risks, including: the imperfect correlation between the value of such instruments and the underlying assets of the Company, which creates the possibility that the loss on such instruments may be greater than the gain in the value of the underlying assets in our portfolio; the loss of principal; the possible default of the other party to the transaction; and illiquidity of the derivative investments. If a counterparty becomes bankrupt or otherwise fails to perform its obligations under a derivative contract due to financial difficulties, we may experience significant delays in obtaining any recovery under the derivative contract in a bankruptcy or other reorganization proceeding, or may not recover at all. In addition, in the event of the insolvency of a counterparty to a derivative transaction, the derivative contract would typically be terminated at its fair value. If we are owed this fair value in the termination of the derivative contract and its claim is unsecured, we will be treated as a general creditor of such counterparty and will not have any claim with respect to the underlying security. Certain of the derivative investments in which we may invest may, in certain circumstances, give rise to a form of financial leverage, which may magnify the risk of owning such instruments. The ability to successfully use derivative investments depends on the ability of the Advisor to predict pertinent market movements, which cannot be assured. In addition, amounts paid by us as premiums and cash or other assets held in margin accounts with respect to our derivative investments would not be available to us for other investment purposes, which may result in lost opportunities for gain. 
 Most debt securities in which we intend to invest will not be rated by any rating agency and, if they were rated, would be rated as below investment grade quality. Debt securities rated below investment grade quality e.g., junk bonds) are generally regarded as having predominantly speculative characteristics and may carry a greater risk with respect to a borrower s capacity to pay interest and repay principal. 
 Our portfolio companies may incur debt that ranks equally with, or senior to, our investments in such companies. 
 We intend to pursue a strategy focused on investing primarily in the debt of privately-owned U.S. companies with a focus on originated transactions sourced through the networks of our Advisor. Our portfolio companies may have, or may be permitted to incur, other debt that ranks equally with, or senior to, the debt in which we invest. By their terms, such debt instruments may entitle the holders to receive payment of interest or principal on or before the dates on which we are entitled to receive payments with respect to the debt instruments in which we invest. Also, in the event of insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of a portfolio company, holders of debt instruments ranking senior to our investment in that portfolio company would typically be entitled to receive payment in full before we receive any distribution. After repaying such senior creditors, such portfolio company may not have any remaining assets to use for repaying its obligation to us. In the case of debt ranking equally with debt instruments in which we invest, we would have to share on an equal basis any distributions with other creditors holding such debt in the event of an insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of the relevant portfolio company. 
 14 

Subordinated liens on collateral securing debt investments that we will make to our portfolio companies may be subject to control by senior creditors with first priority liens. If there is a default, the value of the collateral may not be sufficient to repay both the first priority creditors and us in full. 
 Certain debt investments that we will make in portfolio companies will be secured on a second priority basis by the same collateral securing senior debt of such companies. The first priority liens on the collateral will secure the portfolio company s obligations under any outstanding senior debt and may secure certain other future debt that may be permitted to be incurred by the portfolio company under the agreements governing the debt. The holders of obligations secured by the first priority liens on the collateral will generally control the liquidation of and be entitled to receive proceeds from any realization of the collateral to repay their obligations in full before us. In addition, the value of the collateral in the event of liquidation will depend on market and economic conditions, the availability of buyers and other factors. There can be no assurance that the proceeds, if any, from the sale or sales of all of the collateral would be sufficient to satisfy the debt obligations secured by the second priority liens after payment in full of all obligations secured by the first priority liens on the collateral. If such proceeds are not sufficient to repay amounts outstanding under the debt obligations secured by the second priority liens, then we, to the extent not repaid from the proceeds of the sale of the collateral, will only have an unsecured claim against the portfolio company s remaining assets, if any. 
 We may also make unsecured debt investments in portfolio companies, meaning that such investments will not benefit from any interest in collateral of such companies. Liens on such portfolio companies collateral, if any, will secure the portfolio companies obligations under its outstanding secured debt and may secure certain future debt that is permitted to be incurred by the portfolio company under its secured debt agreements. The holders of obligations secured by such liens will generally control the liquidation of, and be entitled to receive proceeds from, any realization of such collateral to repay their obligations in full before us. In addition, the value of such collateral in the event of liquidation will depend on market and economic conditions, the availability of buyers and other factors. There can be no assurance that the proceeds, if any, from sales of such collateral would be sufficient to satisfy our unsecured debt obligations after payment in full of all secured debt obligations. If such proceeds were not sufficient to repay the outstanding secured debt obligations, then our unsecured claims would rank equally with the unpaid portion of such secured creditors claims against the portfolio company s remaining assets, if any. 
 The rights we may have with respect to the collateral securing the debt investments we make in our portfolio companies with senior debt outstanding may also be limited pursuant to the terms of one or more inter-creditor agreements that we enter into with the holders of senior debt. Under such an inter-creditor agreement, at any time that obligations having the benefit of the first priority liens are outstanding, any of the following actions that may be taken in respect of the collateral will be at the direction of the holders of the obligations secured by the first priority liens: the ability to cause the commencement of enforcement proceedings against the collateral, the ability to control the conduct of such proceedings, the approval of amendments to collateral documents, releases of liens on the collateral and waivers of past defaults under collateral documents. We may not have the ability to control or direct such actions, even if our rights are adversely affected. 
 There may be circumstances where our debt investments could be subordinated to claims of other creditors or we could be subject to lender liability claims. 
 Although we intend to generally structure certain of our investments as senior debt, if one of our portfolio companies were to file for bankruptcy proceedings, depending on the facts and circumstances, including the extent to which we provided managerial assistance to that portfolio company or a representative of us or the Advisor sat on the board of trustees of such portfolio company, a bankruptcy court might re-characterize our debt investment and subordinate all or a portion of our claim to that of other creditors. 
 In addition, a number of U.S. judicial decisions have upheld judgments obtained by borrowers against lending institutions on the basis of various evolving legal theories, collectively termed lender liability. Generally, lender liability is founded on the premise that a lender has violated a duty (whether implied or contractual) of good faith, commercial reasonableness and fair dealing, or a similar duty owed to the borrower, or has assumed an excessive degree of control over the borrower, resulting in the creation of a fiduciary duty owed to the borrower or its other creditors or shareholders. Because of the nature of our investments in portfolio companies (including that, as a BDC, we may be required to provide managerial assistance to those portfolio companies), we may be subject to allegations of lender liability. 
 15 

We generally will not control the business operations of our portfolio companies and, due to the illiquid nature of our holdings in our portfolio companies, may not be able to dispose of our interest in our portfolio companies. 
 We do not expect to control most of our portfolio companies, although we may have board representation or board observation rights, and our debt agreements may impose certain restrictive covenants on our borrowers. As a result, we are subject to the risk that a portfolio company in which we invest may make business decisions with which we disagree and the management of such company, as representatives of the holders of their common equity, may take risks or otherwise act in ways that do not serve our interests as debt investors. Due to the lack of liquidity for our investments in private companies, we may not be able to readily dispose of our portfolio company holdings or to sell our holdings at an appropriate valuation. As a result, a portfolio company may make decisions that could decrease the value of our portfolio holdings. 
 We will be exposed to risks associated with changes in interest rates. 
 We are subject to financial market risks, including changes in interest rates. Because we may borrow money to finance a portion of our investments, our net investment income will depend, in part, upon the difference between the rate at which we borrow funds and the rate at which we invest those funds. As a result, we can offer no assurance that a significant change in market interest rates will not have a material adverse effect on our net investment income. In periods of rising interest rates when we have debt outstanding, our cost of funds will increase, which could reduce our net investment income. 
 In addition, interest rates have recently been at or near historic lows. In the event of a significant rising interest rate environment, our portfolio companies with adjustable-rate loans could see their interest payments increase and there may be a significant increase in the number of our portfolio companies who are unable or unwilling to pay interest and repay their loans. Our investment portfolio of adjustable-rate loans may also decline in value in response to rising interest rates if the adjustable interest rates do not rise as much, or as quickly, as market interest rates in general. Similarly, during periods of rising interest rates, our investments with fixed interest will likely decline in value. 
 In periods of market volatility, the market values of fixed income securities, and portfolio companies with adjustable-rate loans, may be more sensitive to changes in interest rates. We may use interest rate risk management techniques in an effort to limit our exposure to interest rate fluctuations. These techniques may include various interest rate hedging activities to the extent such activities are not prohibited by the 1940 Act. These activities may limit our ability to participate in the benefits of lower interest rates with respect to the hedged portfolio. Adverse developments resulting from changes in interest rates or hedging transactions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 General interest rate fluctuations may have a substantial negative impact on our investments, our incentive fee, the value of our Shares and our rate of return on invested capital. During periods of declining interest rates, borrowers or issuers may exercise their option to prepay principal earlier than scheduled. For fixed-rate securities, such payments often occur during periods of declining interest rates, forcing the Company to reinvest in lower yielding securities, resulting in a possible decline in the Company s income and distributions to shareholders. 
 Inflation has and may continue to adversely affect our business. 
 Certain of our portfolio companies are in industries that have been impacted by inflation. Recent inflationary pressures have increased the costs of labor, energy and raw materials and have adversely affected consumer spending, economic growth and our portfolio companies operations. If such portfolio companies are unable to pass any increases in their costs of operations along to their customers, it could adversely affect their operating results and impact their ability to pay interest and principal on our loans, particularly if interest rates rise in response to inflation. In addition, any projected future decreases in our portfolio companies operating results due to inflation could adversely impact the fair value of those investments. Any decreases in the fair value of our investments could result in future realized or unrealized losses and therefore reduce our net assets resulting from operations. Additionally, the Federal Reserve has raised, and has indicated its intent to continue raising, certain benchmark interest rates in an effort to combat inflation. 

16 

An increase or decrease in commodity supply or demand may adversely affect our business. 
 While we intend to be diversified across industry sectors, a decrease in the production of natural gas, natural gas liquids, crude oil, coal or other energy commodities, a decrease in the volume of such commodities available for transportation, mining, processing, storage or distribution, or a sustained decline in demand for such commodities may adversely impact the financial performance or prospects of energy or other commodity focused companies in which we may invest. Energy and other commodity focused companies are subject to supply and demand fluctuations in the markets they serve which will be impacted by a wide range of factors, including fluctuating commodity prices, weather, increased conservation or use of alternative fuel sources, increased governmental or environmental regulation, depletion of natural gas, natural gas liquids, crude oil or coal production, rising interest rates, declines in domestic or foreign production of natural gas, natural gas liquids and crude oil, accidents or catastrophic events and economic conditions, among others. 
 An increase or decrease in commodity pricing may adversely affect our business. 
 The return on our prospective investments in energy and other commodity sensitive companies will be dependent on the margins received by those companies for the exploration, development, production, gathering, transportation, processing, storing, refining, distribution, mining, generation or marketing of natural gas, natural gas liquids, crude oil, refined products, coal or power. These margins may fluctuate widely in response to a variety of factors including global and domestic economic conditions, weather conditions, natural disasters, the supply and price of imported energy commodities, the production and storage levels of energy commodities in certain regions or in the world, political instability, terrorist activities, transportation facilities, energy conservation, domestic and foreign governmental regulation and taxation and the availability of local, intrastate and interstate transportation systems. Volatility of commodity prices may also make it more difficult for energy companies in which we may invest to raise capital to the extent the market perceives that their performance may be directly or indirectly tied to commodity prices. 
 We may continue to be subject to certain contingent liabilities arising from the sale or other disposition of our investments. 
 A significant portion of our investments involve private securities. In connection with the sale or other disposition of an investment in private securities, we may be required to make representations about the business and financial affairs of the portfolio company, typical of those made in connection with the sale of a business. We may also be required to indemnify the purchasers of such investment to the extent that any such representations are determined to be inaccurate with respect to potential liabilities. These arrangements may constitute contingent liabilities that ultimately could result in funding obligations that we must satisfy through our return of distributions previously made to us on such investment. If this occurs, we could incur losses associated with the payments of amounts in satisfaction of such liabilities. Consequently, the value of our Shares may decline and our future distributions to shareholders may be reduced, although in no event would shareholders be required to return distributions previously paid by us to them on account of such liabilities. 
 International investments create additional risks. 
 We expect to make investments in portfolio companies that are domiciled outside of the United States. We anticipate that up to 30 of our investments may be in these types of assets. Our investments in foreign portfolio companies will be deemed non-qualifying assets, which means, as required by the 1940 Act, they may not constitute more than 30 of our total assets at the time of our acquisition of any asset, after giving effect to the acquisition. Notwithstanding the limitation on our ownership of foreign portfolio companies, such investments may subject us to many of the same risks as our domestic investments, as well as certain additional risks, including the following: 
 foreign governmental laws, rules and policies, including those restricting the ownership of assets in the foreign country or the repatriation of profits from the foreign country to the United States; 
 foreign currency devaluations that reduce the value of and returns on our foreign investments; 
 adverse changes in the availability, cost and terms of investments due to the varying economic policies of a foreign country in which we invest; 
 adverse changes in tax rates, the tax treatment of transaction structures and other changes in operating expenses of a particular foreign country in which we invest; 
 the assessment of foreign-country taxes (including withholding taxes, transfer taxes and value added taxes, any or all of which could be significant) on income or gains from our investments in the foreign country; 
 17 

adverse changes in foreign-country laws, including those relating to taxation, bankruptcy and ownership of assets; 
 changes that adversely affect the social, political and/or economic stability of a foreign country in which we invest; 
 high inflation in the foreign countries in which we invest, which could increase the costs to us of investing in those countries; 
 deflationary periods in the foreign countries in which we invest, which could reduce demand for our assets in those countries and diminish the value of such investments and the related investment returns to us; and 
 legal and logistical barriers in the foreign countries in which we invest that materially and adversely limit our ability to enforce our contractual rights with respect to those investments. 
 In addition, we may make investments in countries whose governments or economies may prove unstable. Certain of the countries in which we may invest may have political, economic and legal systems that are unpredictable, unreliable or otherwise inadequate with respect to the implementation, interpretation and enforcement of laws protecting asset ownership and economic interests. In some of the countries in which we may invest, there may be a risk of nationalization, expropriation or confiscatory taxation, which may have an adverse effect on our portfolio companies in those countries and the rates of return we are able to achieve on such investments. We may also lose the total value of any investment that is nationalized, expropriated or confiscated. The financial results and investment opportunities available to us, particularly in developing countries and emerging markets, may be materially and adversely affected by any or all of these political, economic and legal risks. 
 To the extent OID and PIK interest income constitute a portion of our income, we will be exposed to risks associated with the deferred receipt of cash representing such income. 
 Our investments may include OID and PIK instruments. To the extent OID and PIK interest income constitute a portion of our income, we will be exposed to risks associated with such income being required to be included in an accounting income and taxable income prior to receipt of cash, including the following: 
 OID instruments may have unreliable valuations because the accretion of OID as interest income requires judgments about its collectability. 
 OID instruments may create heightened credit risks because the inducement to the borrower to accept higher interest rates in exchange for the deferral of cash payments typically represents, to some extent, speculation on the part of the borrower. 
 For accounting purposes, cash distributions to shareholders that include a component of accreted OID income do not come from paid-in capital, although they may be paid from the offering proceeds. Thus, although a distribution of accreted OID income may come from the cash invested by the shareholders, the 1940 Act does not require that shareholders be given notice of this fact. 
 The presence of accreted OID income and PIK interest income create the risk of non-refundable cash payments to the Advisor in the form of subordinated incentive fees on income based on non-cash accreted OID income and PIK interest income accruals that may never be realized. 
 In the case of PIK toggle debt (debt for which the issuer may defer an interest payment by agreeing to pay an increased coupon in the future, provided that all deferred payments must be made by the instrument s maturity), the PIK interest election has the simultaneous effects of increasing the investment income, thus increasing the potential for realizing incentive fees. 
 The required recognition of OID and PIK interest for U.S. federal income tax purposes may have a negative impact on liquidity, as such amount represent non-cash income that may require cash distributions to shareholders in order to maintain our ability to be subject to tax as a RIC. 
 Our investments in private investment funds, including hedge funds, private equity funds, limited liability companies and other business entities, subject us indirectly to the underlying risks of such private investment funds and additional fees and expenses. 
 Our investments in private investment funds, including hedge funds, private equity funds, limited liability companies and other business entities, expose us to the risks associated with the businesses of such funds or entities. These private investment funds are not registered investment companies and, thus, are not subject to protections afforded by the 1940 Act covering, among other areas, liquidity requirements, governance by an 
 18 

independent board, affiliated transaction restrictions, leverage limitations, public disclosure requirements and custody requirements. 
 We rely primarily on information provided by managers of private investment funds in valuing our investments in such funds. There is a risk that inaccurate valuations provided by managers of private investment funds could adversely affect the value of our Shares. In addition, there can be no assurance that a manager of a private investment fund will provide advance notice of any material change in such private investment fund s investment program or policies, therefore our investment portfolio may be subject to additional risks, which may not be promptly identified by our Advisor. 
 Investments in the securities of private investment funds may also involve duplication of advisory fees and certain other expenses. By investing in private investment funds indirectly through us, you bear a pro rata portion of our advisory fees and other expenses, and also indirectly bear a pro rata portion of the advisory fees, performance-based allocations and other expenses borne by us as an investor in the private investment funds. 
 In addition, certain private investment funds may not provide us with the liquidity we require and would thus subject us to liquidity risk. Further, even if an investment in a private investment fund is deemed liquid at the time of investment, the private investment fund may, in the future, alter the nature of its investments and cease to be a liquid investment fund, subjecting us to liquidity risk. 
 We may acquire various structured financial instruments for purposes of hedging or reducing our risks, which may be costly and ineffective and could reduce our cash available for distribution to our shareholders. 
 We may seek to hedge against interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations and credit risk by using structured financial instruments such as futures, options, swaps and forward contracts, subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act. Use of structured financial instruments for hedging purposes may present significant risks, including the risk of loss of the amounts invested. Defaults by the other party to a hedging transaction can result in losses in the hedging transaction. Hedging activities also involve the risk of an imperfect correlation between the hedging instrument and the asset being hedged, which could result in losses both on the hedging transaction and on the instrument being hedged. Use of hedging activities may not prevent significant losses and could increase our losses. Further, hedging transactions may reduce cash available to pay distributions to our shareholders. 
 Defaults by our portfolio companies will harm our operating results. 
 A portfolio company s failure to satisfy financial or operating covenants imposed by us or other lenders could lead to defaults and, potentially, termination of its debt financing and foreclosure on its secured assets, which could trigger cross-defaults under other agreements and jeopardize a portfolio company s ability to meet its obligations under the debt or equity securities that we hold. We may incur expenses to the extent necessary to seek recovery upon default or to negotiate new terms, which may include the waiver of certain financial covenants, with a defaulting portfolio company. 
 An investment strategy focused primarily on privately-held companies presents certain challenges, including the lack of available information about these companies. 
 We intend to invest primarily in privately-held companies. Investments in private companies pose certain incremental risks as compared to investments in public companies, including that they: 
 have reduced access to the capital markets, resulting in diminished capital resources and ability to withstand financial distress; 
 may have limited financial resources and may be unable to meet their obligations under their debt securities that we hold, which may be accompanied by a deterioration in the value of any collateral and a reduction in the likelihood of us realizing any guarantees we may have obtained in connection with our investment; 
 may have shorter operating histories, narrower product lines and smaller market shares than larger businesses, which tend to render them more vulnerable to competitors actions and changing market conditions, as well as general economic downturns; 
 are more likely to depend on the management talents and efforts of a small group of persons; therefore, the death, disability, resignation or termination of one or more of these persons could have a material adverse impact on our portfolio company and, in turn, on us; and 
 generally have less predictable operating results; may from time to time be parties to litigation; may be engaged in rapidly changing businesses with products subject to a substantial risk of obsolescence; and may require substantial additional capital to support their operations, finance expansion or 
 19 

maintain their competitive position. In addition, our executive officers, trustees and members of the Advisor s management may, in the ordinary course of business, be named as defendants in litigation arising from our investments in the portfolio companies. 
 Finally, little public information generally exists about private companies and these companies may not have third-party credit ratings or audited financial statements. We must therefore rely on the ability of our Advisor to obtain adequate information through due diligence to evaluate the creditworthiness and potential returns from investing in these companies. Additionally, these companies and their financial information will not generally be subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and other rules that govern public companies. If we are unable to uncover all material information about these companies, we may not make a fully informed investment decision and we may lose money on our investments. 
 The lack of liquidity in our investments may adversely affect our business. 
 We may acquire a significant percentage of our portfolio company investments from privately-held companies in directly negotiated transactions. The securities of private companies are not publicly traded or actively traded on the secondary market and are, instead, traded on a privately-negotiated, over-the-counter secondary market for institutional investors, if at all. These over-the-counter secondary markets may be inactive during an economic downturn or a credit crisis. In addition, the securities in these companies will be subject to legal and other restrictions on resale or will otherwise be less liquid than publicly-traded securities. We typically would be unable to exit these investments unless and until the portfolio company has a liquidity event such as a sale, refinancing or initial public offering. 
 The illiquidity of our investments may make it difficult or impossible for us to sell such investments if the need arises. In addition, if we are required to liquidate all or a portion of our portfolio quickly, we may realize significantly less than the value at which we have previously recorded our investments, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Moreover, securities purchased by us that are liquid at the time of purchase may subsequently become illiquid due to events relating to the issuer of the securities, market events, economic conditions or investor perceptions. 
 We may also face other restrictions on our ability to liquidate an investment in a portfolio company to the extent that we, Guggenheim, or any of its affiliates have material nonpublic information regarding such portfolio company, or where the sale would be an impermissible joint transaction. The reduced liquidity of our investments may make it difficult for us to dispose of them at a favorable price, and, as a result, we may suffer losses. 
 Dislocations in certain parts of markets are resulting in reduced liquidity for certain investments. It is uncertain when financial markets will improve. Liquidity of financial markets may also be affected by government intervention. 
 We may not have the funds or ability to make additional investments in our portfolio companies or to fund our unfunded commitments. 
 After our initial investment in a portfolio company, we may be called upon from time to time to provide additional funds to such company or have the opportunity to increase our investment through the exercise of a warrant or other right to purchase common stock. There is no assurance that we will make, or will have sufficient funds to make, follow-on investments. Even if we have sufficient capital to make a desired follow-on investment, we may elect not to make a follow-on investment because we may not want to increase our level of risk, we prefer other opportunities, we are limited in our ability to do so by compliance with BDC requirements, or we desire to maintain our RIC status. Our ability to make follow-on investments may also be limited by Guggenheim s allocation policies. Any decisions not to make a follow-on investment or any inability on our part to make such an investment may have a negative impact on a portfolio company in need of such an investment, may result in a missed opportunity for us to increase our participation in a successful operation, or may reduce the expected return on the investment. During periods of market disruption, portfolio companies may be more likely to seek to draw on unfunded commitments we have made, and the risk of being unable to fund such commitments is heightened during such periods. 
 20 

Prepayments of our debt investments by our portfolio companies could adversely impact our results of operations and reduce our return on equity. 
 We are subject to the risk that the investments we make in our portfolio companies may be repaid prior to maturity. When this occurs, we will generally reinvest these proceeds in temporary investments, pending their future investment in new portfolio companies. These temporary investments will typically have substantially lower yields than the debt being prepaid and we could experience significant delays in reinvesting these amounts. Any future investment in a new portfolio company may also be at lower yields than the debt that was repaid. As a result, our results of operations could be materially adversely affected if one or more of our portfolio companies elect to prepay amounts owed to us. Additionally, prepayments, net of prepayment fees, could negatively impact our return on equity. 
 To the extent that we borrow money at the Master Fund, the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested in us will be magnified and may increase the risk of investing in us. Borrowed money may also adversely affect the return on our assets, reduce cash available to service our debt or for distribution to our shareholders, and result in losses. 
 The use of borrowings, also known as leverage, increases the volatility of investments by magnifying the potential for gain or loss on invested equity capital. If we use leverage to partially finance our investments, through borrowing from banks and other lenders, you will experience increased risks of investing in our Shares. If the value of our assets decreases, leveraging would cause net asset value to decline more sharply than it otherwise would if we had not borrowed and employed leverage. Similarly, any decrease in our income would cause net income to decline more sharply than it would have if we had not borrowed and employed leverage. Such a decline could negatively affect our ability to make distributions to our shareholders. In addition, our shareholders will bear the burden of any increase in our expenses as a result of our use of leverage, including interest expenses and any increase in the management or incentive fees payable to the Advisor. 
 The amount of leverage that we employ will depend on our assessment of market and other factors at the time of any proposed borrowing. There can be no assurance that leveraged financing will be available to us on favorable terms or at all. However, to the extent that we use leverage to finance our assets, our financing costs will reduce cash available for distributions to shareholders. Moreover, we may not be able to meet our financing obligations and, to the extent that we cannot, we risk the loss of some or all of our assets to liquidation or sale to satisfy the obligations. In such an event, we may be forced to sell assets at significantly depressed prices due to market conditions or otherwise, which may result in losses. 
 As a BDC, we are required to maintain a minimum coverage ratio of total assets to total borrowings and other senior securities, which include all of our borrowings and any preferred stock that we may issue in the future, subject to any then-current asset coverage requirements. We cannot incur additional debt and could be required to sell a portion of our investments to repay some debt when it is disadvantageous to do so, if any then-current asset coverage requirements are not met. This could have a material adverse effect on our operations and we may not be able to make distributions. 
 Economic recessions or downturns could impair our portfolio companies and harm our operating results. 
 Many of our portfolio companies may be susceptible to economic slowdowns or recessions and may be unable to repay our debt investments during these periods. Therefore, our non-performing assets may increase and the value of our portfolio is likely to decrease during these periods. Adverse economic conditions may also decrease the value of any collateral securing our senior secured first or second lien loans. A severe recession may further decrease the value of such collateral and result in losses of value in our portfolio and a decrease in our revenues, net income, assets and net worth. Unfavorable economic conditions could also increase our funding costs, limit our access to the capital markets or result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us on terms we deem acceptable. These events could prevent us from increasing investments and harm our operating results. 
 A return of recessionary conditions and/or continued negative developments in the domestic and international credit markets may significantly affect the markets in which we do business, the value of our loans and investments and our ongoing operations, costs and profitability. Any such unfavorable economic conditions, including rising interest rates, may also increase our funding costs, limit our access to capital markets or negatively impact our ability to obtain financing, particularly from the debt markets. In addition, any future financial market uncertainty could lead to financial market disruptions and could further impact our ability to obtain financing. These events could limit our investment originations, limit our ability to grow and negatively impact our operating results and financial condition. 
 21 

The Advisor's decision to securitize loans may impact the Feeder Funds. 
 A decision by our Advisor to securitize loans may affect the Feeder Funds in the following ways: (i) the securitization vehicle may be required to have separate financial statements, (ii) the securitized loans and/or the investment in the securitization vehicle would be included in the Master Fund's 30 "bucket" of Qualifying Assets (i.e. not a Qualified Asset) and (iii) securitization involves added fees and costs. 
 RISKS RELATED TO OUR ADVISOR AND ITS AFFILIATES 
 The Advisor and its affiliates, including our officers and some of our Trustees, may face conflicts of interest caused by compensation arrangements with us and our affiliates, which could result in increased risk-taking by us. 
 The Advisor and its affiliates will receive substantial fees from us in return for its services, including certain incentive fees based on the amount of appreciation of our investments. These fees could influence the advice provided to us. Generally, the more equity we sell in public offerings and the greater the risk assumed by us with respect to our investments, the greater the potential for growth in our assets and profits (and, correlatively, the fees payable by us to the Dealer Manager and the Advisor). These compensation arrangements could affect our Advisor s or its affiliates judgment with respect to public offerings of equity and investments made by us, which allow the Dealer Manager to earn additional Dealer Manager fees and the Advisor to earn increased investment advisory fees. 
 The time and resources that individuals associated with the Advisor devote to us may be diverted, and we may face additional competition due to the fact that Guggenheim is not prohibited from raising money for or managing another entity that makes the same types of investments that we target. 
 The Advisor currently manages other investment entities and is not prohibited from raising money for and managing future investment entities that make the same types of investments as those we target. As a result, the time and resources that our Advisor devotes to us may be diverted, and during times of intense activity in other programs, it may devote less time and resources to our business than is necessary or appropriate. In addition, we may compete with any such investment entity for the same investors and investment opportunities. 
 The Advisor will experience conflicts of interest in connection with the management of our business affairs. 
 Our Advisor will experience conflicts of interest in connection with the management of our business affairs, including those relating to the allocation of investment opportunities by the Advisor and its affiliates; compensation to the Advisor; services that may be provided by the Advisor and its affiliates to issuers in which we invest; investments by us and other clients of the Advisor, subject to the limitations of the 1940 Act; the formation of additional investment funds by the Advisor; differing recommendations given by the Advisor to us versus other clients; the Advisor s use of information gained from issuers in our portfolio for investments by other clients, subject to applicable law; and restrictions on the Advisor s use of inside information with respect to potential investments by us. 
 The Advisor may face conflicts of interest with respect to services performed for issuers in which we invest. 
 The Advisor and its affiliates may provide a broad range of financial services to companies in which we invest, in compliance with applicable law, and will generally be paid fees for such services. In addition, affiliates of the Advisor may act as underwriters or placement agents in connection with an offering of securities by one of the companies in our portfolio. Any compensation received by the Advisor for providing these services will not be shared with us and may be received before we realize a return on our investment. The Advisor may face conflicts of interest with respect to services performed for these companies, on the one hand, and investments recommended to us, on the other hand. 
 22 

The Advisor has incentives to favor its other accounts and clients over us, which may result in conflicts of interest that could be harmful to us. 
 Because our Advisor manages assets for other investment companies, pooled investment vehicles and/or other accounts (including institutional clients, pension plans and certain high net worth individuals), certain conflicts of interest are present. For instance, the Advisor may receive fees from certain accounts that are higher than the fees received by the Advisor from us, or receive a more favorable performance-based fee on certain accounts. In those instances, a portfolio manager for the Advisor has an incentive to favor the higher fee and/or higher performance-based fee accounts over us. In addition, a conflict of interest exists to the extent the Advisor has proprietary investments in certain accounts, where its portfolio managers or other employees have personal investments in certain accounts, or when certain accounts are investment options in the Advisor s employee benefit plans. The Advisor has an incentive to favor these accounts over us. Our Board of Trustees will be responsible for monitoring these conflicts. 
 The Advisor is not restricted from entering into other investment advisory relationships; the Advisor s actions on behalf of its other accounts and clients may be adverse to us and our investments. 
 The Advisor manages assets for accounts other than us, including private funds (for purposes of this section, Advisor Funds ). Actions taken by the Advisor on behalf of its Advisor Funds may be adverse to us and our investments, which could harm our performance. For example, we may invest in the same credit obligations as other Advisor Funds, and, to the extent permitted under the 1940 Act, our investments may include different obligations of the same issuer. Decisions made with respect to the securities held by one Advisor Fund may cause (or have the potential to cause) harm to the different class of securities of the issuer held by other Advisor Funds (including us). As a further example, the Advisor may manage accounts that engage in short sales of (or otherwise take short positions in) securities or other instruments of the type in which we invest, which could harm our performance for the benefit of the accounts taking short positions, if such short positions cause the market value of the securities to fall. 
 Our Advisor will face restrictions on its use of inside information about existing or potential investments that it acquires through its relationships with other advisory clients, and those restrictions may limit the freedom of our Advisor to enter into or exit from investments for us, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 In the course of performing its duties, the members, officers, directors, employees, principals or affiliates of our Advisor may come into possession of material, non-public information. The possession of such information may be detrimental to us, limiting the ability of our Advisor to buy or sell a security or otherwise to participate in an investment opportunity for us. In certain circumstances, employees of our Advisor may serve as board members or in other capacities for portfolio or potential portfolio companies, which could restrict our ability to trade in the securities of such companies. For example, if personnel of the Advisor come into possession of material non-public information with respect to our investments, such personnel will be restricted by Guggenheim's information-sharing policies and procedures, or by law or contract from sharing such information with our management team, even where the disclosure of such information would be in our best interests or would otherwise influence decisions taken by the members of the management team with respect to that investment. This conflict and these procedures and practices may limit the freedom of our Advisor to enter into or exit from potentially profitable investments for us, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will be able to fully leverage the resources and industry expertise of our Advisor s other businesses. Additionally, there may be circumstances in which one or more individuals associated with the Advisor will be precluded from providing services to us because of certain confidential information available to those individuals or to other parts of the Advisor. 
 We may be obligated to pay our Advisor incentive fees even if we incur a net loss due to a decline in the value of our portfolio and even if our earned interest income is not payable in cash. 
 The Investment Advisory Agreement entitles Guggenheim to receive an incentive fee based on our pre-incentive fee net investment income regardless of any capital losses. In such case, we may be required to pay Guggenheim an incentive fee for a fiscal quarter even if there is a decline in the value of our portfolio or if we incur a net loss for that quarter. 
 23 

Any incentive fee payable by us that relates to our pre-incentive fee net investment income may be computed and paid on income that may include interest that has been accrued but not yet received or interest in the form of securities received rather than cash i.e. , PIK income). If a portfolio company defaults on a loan that is structured to provide accrued interest income, it is possible that accrued interest income previously included in the calculation of the incentive fee will become uncollectible. Our Advisor is not obligated to reimburse us for any part of the incentive fee it received that was based on accrued interest income that we never received as a result of a subsequent default, and such circumstances would result in our paying a subordinated incentive fee on income we never receive. PIK income will be counted toward the incentive fee that we are obligated to pay our Advisor, even though we do not receive the income in the form of cash. 
 The quarterly incentive fee on income that we pay is recognized and paid without regard to: (i) the trend of pre-incentive fee net investment income on adjusted capital over multiple quarters in arrears, which may in fact be consistently less than the preference return, or (ii) the net income or net loss in the current calendar quarter, the current year or any combination of prior periods. 
 For federal income tax purposes, we may be required to recognize taxable income in some circumstances in which we do not receive a corresponding payment in cash and to make distributions with respect to such income to maintain our status as a RIC. Under such circumstances, we may have difficulty meeting the annual distribution requirement necessary to maintain RIC tax treatment under the Code. This difficulty in making the required distribution may be amplified to the extent that we are required to pay a subordinated incentive fee on income with respect to such accrued income. As a result, we may have to sell some of our investments at times and/or at prices we would not consider advantageous, raise additional debt or equity capital, or forgo new investment opportunities for this purpose. If we are not able to obtain cash from other sources, we may fail to qualify for RIC tax treatment and thus become subject to corporate-level income tax. 
 Our incentive fee may induce our Advisor to make speculative investments. 
 The incentive fee payable by us to Guggenheim may create an incentive for our Advisor to make investments on our behalf that are riskier or more speculative than would be the case in the absence of such compensation arrangements. The way in which the incentive fee is determined may encourage our Advisor to use leverage to increase the leveraged return on our investment portfolio. 
 In addition, the fact that our base management fee is payable based upon our gross assets (which includes any borrowings for investment purposes) may encourage our Advisor to use leverage to make additional investments. Such a practice could result in our investing in more speculative securities than would otherwise be the case, which could result in higher investment losses, particularly during cyclical economic downturns. Under certain circumstances, the use of substantial leverage may increase the likelihood of our default on our borrowings, which would disfavor holders of our Shares. 
 Our ability to enter into transactions with our affiliates will be restricted. 
 We will be prohibited under the 1940 Act from participating in certain transactions with certain of our affiliates without the prior approval of a majority of the Independent Trustees and, in some cases, the SEC. Any person that owns, directly or indirectly, 5 or more of our outstanding voting securities will be our affiliate for purposes of the 1940 Act, and we will generally be prohibited from buying or selling any securities from or to such affiliate on a principal basis, absent the prior approval of our Board of Trustees and, in some cases, the SEC. The 1940 Act also prohibits certain joint transactions with certain of our affiliates, which in certain circumstances could include investments in the same portfolio company (whether at the same or different times to the extent the transaction is considered a joint transaction), without prior approval of our Board of Trustees and, in some cases, the SEC. If a person acquires more than 25 of our voting securities, we will be prohibited from buying or selling any security from or to such person or certain of that person s affiliates, or entering into prohibited joint transactions with such persons, absent the prior approval of the SEC. Similar restrictions limit our ability to transact business with our officers, trustees or their affiliates. The SEC has interpreted the BDC regulations governing transactions with affiliates to prohibit certain joint transactions involving entities that share a common investment adviser. As a result of these restrictions, we may be prohibited from buying or selling any security from or to any portfolio company that is controlled by a fund managed by the Advisor or its affiliates without the prior approval of the SEC, which may limit the scope of investment opportunities that would otherwise be available to us. 
 24 

The Master Fund received an exemptive order from the SEC that permits it to, among other things, co-invest in privately-negotiated transactions alongside other funds, including funds managed by Guggenheim and certain of its affiliates. The exemptive order is subject to certain terms and conditions. Accordingly, when the Master Fund co-invests in privately-negotiated transactions with other accounts or other entities managed by Guggenheim, those transactions will be subject to the various conditions contained in the SEC exemptive order pertaining to co-investment transactions. However, if the Master Fund co-invests in transactions with other accounts or other entities managed by Guggenheim which are not subject to the various conditions contained in our exemptive order, then those transactions will be subject to the limited circumstances currently permitted by applicable SEC staff guidance and interpretations. The Master Fund has adopted Guggenheim s allocation policy, which is designed to fairly and equitably distribute investment opportunities among funds or pools of capital managed by Guggenheim. Such allocation policy provides that once an investment has been approved and is deemed to be in the Master Fund's best interest, then the Master Fund will receive a pro rata share of the investment. The adoption of this allocation policy will ensure that the Master Fund will be presented with all investment opportunities that fit within its investment strategy and that it will have the ability to invest in those opportunities alongside other Guggenheim clients on equal terms. 
 In situations when co-investment with affiliates other clients is not permitted under the 1940 Act and related rules, existing or future staff guidance or the terms and conditions of exemptive relief granted to us by the SEC (as discussed above), our Advisor will need to decide which client or clients will proceed with the investment. Generally, the Master Fund will not have an entitlement to make a co-investment in these circumstances and, to the extent that another client elects to proceed with the investment, then the Master Fund will not be permitted to participate. Moreover, except in certain circumstances, the Master Fund will be unable to invest in any issuer in which an affiliate's other client holds a controlling interest. 
 We may make investments that could give rise to a conflict of interest. 
 We do not expect to invest in, or hold securities of, companies that are controlled by our affiliates other clients. However, an affiliate s other clients may invest in, and gain control over, one of our portfolio companies. If an affiliate s other client, or clients, gains control over one of our portfolio companies, it may create conflicts of interest and may subject us to certain restrictions under the 1940 Act. As a result of these conflicts and restrictions, our Advisor may be unable to implement our investment strategies as effectively as it could have in the absence of such conflicts or restrictions. For example, as a result of a conflict or restriction, our Advisor may be unable to engage in certain transactions that it would otherwise pursue. In order to avoid these conflicts and restrictions, our Advisor may choose to exit these investments prematurely and, as a result, we would forego any positive returns associated with such investments. In addition, to the extent that an affiliate s other clients hold a different class of securities than us as a result of such transactions, our interests may not be aligned. 
 The recommendations given to us by the Advisor may differ from those rendered to its other clients. 
 The Advisor and its affiliates may give advice and recommend securities to other clients that may differ from advice given to, or securities recommended or bought for, us even though such other clients investment objectives may be similar to ours. 
 Our Advisor s liability is limited under the Investment Advisory Agreement, and we are required to indemnify our Advisor against certain liabilities, which may lead our Advisor to act in a riskier manner on our behalf than it would when acting for its own account. 
 Our Advisor has not assumed any responsibility to us other than to render the services described in the Investment Advisory Agreement, and its assets will not be available to satisfy our debts and obligations. The Advisor will not be responsible for any action of our Board of Trustees in declining to follow our Advisor s advice or recommendations. Pursuant to the Investment Advisory Agreement, our Advisor and its directors, officers, shareholders, members, agents, employees, controlling persons and any other person or entity affiliated with, or acting on behalf of, the Advisor will not be liable to us for their acts under the Investment Advisory Agreement (absent willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard in the performance of their duties). We have also agreed to indemnify, defend and protect our Advisor and its directors, officers, shareholders, members, agents, employees, controlling persons and any other person or entity affiliated with, or acting on behalf of, the Advisor with respect to all damages, liabilities, costs and expenses resulting from acts of our Advisor (not arising out of willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard in the performance of their duties). These protections may lead our Advisor to act in a riskier manner when acting on our behalf than it would when acting for its own account. 
 25 

Our Advisor is party to a settlement agreement with the SEC and is subject to remedial sanctions and a cease-and-desist order. 
 In August 2015, our Advisor settled all matters relating to an investigation by the SEC, including matters relating to a failure to disclose a potential conflict of interest in connection with a 50 million loan that a senior executive received from an advisory client and inadvertently billing management fees of 6.5 million to non-managed assets of one client. Our Advisor neither admitted nor denied the findings contained in the SEC order. In connection with implementing the settlement agreement, remedial sanctions and a cease-and-desist order have been entered against our Advisor. Additionally, the SEC censured our Advisor and ordered it to pay a 20 million civil penalty. This settlement does not impose any restrictions on our Advisor s future business activities. 
 RISKS GENERALLY RELATED TO BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT COMPANIES 
 The requirement that we invest a sufficient portion of our assets in qualifying assets could preclude us from investing in accordance with our current business strategy; conversely, the failure to invest a sufficient portion of our assets in qualifying assets could result in our failure to maintain our status as a BDC. 
 As a BDC, the 1940 Act prohibits us from acquiring any assets other than certain qualifying assets, unless at the time of and after giving effect to such acquisition, at least 70 of our total assets are qualifying assets. Therefore, we may be precluded from investing in what we believe are attractive investments if such investments are not qualifying assets. Conversely, if we fail to invest a sufficient portion of our assets in qualifying assets, we could lose our status as a BDC, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and result of operations. Similarly, these rules could prevent us from making additional investments in existing portfolio companies, which could result in the dilution of our position, or could require us to dispose of investments at an inopportune time to comply with the 1940 Act. If we were forced to sell non-qualifying investments in the portfolio for compliance purposes, the proceeds from such sale could be significantly less than the current value of such investments. 
 Failure to maintain our status as a BDC would reduce our operating flexibility. 
 If we do not remain a BDC, we might be regulated as a closed-end investment company under the 1940 Act, which would subject us to substantially more regulatory restrictions and correspondingly decrease our operating flexibility. 
 Regulations governing our operation as a BDC and RIC will affect our ability to raise capital and the way in which we raise additional capital or borrow for investment purposes, which may have a negative effect on our growth. As a BDC, the necessity of raising additional capital may expose us to risks, including risks associated with leverage. 
 As a result of our need to satisfy the annual distribution requirement in order to be subject to tax as a RIC, we may need to access the capital markets periodically to raise cash to fund new investments in portfolio companies. The Master Fund may issue "senior securities," including borrowing money from banks or other financial institutions, only in amounts such that the Master Fund's asset coverage is at least equal to any then-current asset coverage requirements under the 1940 Act. Recent legislation has reduced the asset coverage requirements for BDCs, subject to certain approvals and conditions. If the Master Fund obtains the necessary approvals and meets the applicable conditions, it may incur increased leverage and be subject to additional risk. If the Master Fund issues senior securities, we will be exposed to risks associated with leverage, including an increased risk of loss. Our ability to issue different types of securities is also limited. Compliance with these distribution requirements may unfavorably limit the Master Fund's investment opportunities and reduce our ability in comparison to other companies to profit from favorable spreads between the rates at which we can borrow and the rates at which we can lend. 
 The Master Fund may borrow for investment purposes. If the value of the Master Fund's assets declines, it may be unable to satisfy the asset coverage test, which would prohibit us from paying distributions and could prevent us from being subject to tax as a RIC, which would generally result in a corporate-level tax on any income and net gains. If the Master Fund cannot satisfy the asset coverage test, it may be required to sell a portion of its investments and, depending on the nature of its debt financing, repay a portion of its indebtedness at a time when such sales may be disadvantageous. Also, any amounts that the Master Fund uses to service its indebtedness would not be available for distributions to our common shareholders. 
 26 

If we cannot obtain debt financing or equity capital on acceptable terms, our ability to acquire investments and to expand our operations will be adversely affected. 
 The net proceeds from the sale of Shares will be used for our investment opportunities, and, if necessary, the payment of operating expenses and the payment of various fees and expenses, such as management fees, incentive fees and other fees and distributions. Any working capital reserves we maintain may not be sufficient for investment purposes, and we may require additional debt financing or equity capital to operate. Pursuant to tax rules that apply to us, we will be required to distribute dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes each taxable year generally of an amount at least equal to 90 of the sum of our net ordinary income and net short-term capital gains in excess of net long-term capital losses, if any, to our shareholders in order to maintain our ability to be subject to tax as a RIC. Accordingly, in the event that we need additional capital in the future for investments or for any other reason, we may need to access the capital markets periodically to issue debt or equity securities or borrow from financial institutions in order to obtain such additional capital. These sources of funding may not be available to us due to unfavorable economic conditions, which could increase our funding costs, limit our access to the capital markets or result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us. Consequently, if we cannot obtain further debt or equity financing on acceptable terms, our ability to acquire additional investments and to expand our operations will be adversely affected. As a result, we would be less able to achieve portfolio diversification and our investment objectives, which may negatively impact our results of operations and reduce our ability to make distributions to our shareholders. 
 RISKS RELATED TO AN INVESTMENT IN OUR SHARES 
 Investing in our Shares involves a high degree of risk. 
 The investments we make in accordance with our investment objectives may result in a higher amount of risk than alternative investment options and includes volatility or loss of principal. Our investments in portfolio companies may be highly speculative and aggressive and, therefore, an investment in our Shares may not be suitable for someone with lower risk tolerance. 
 We intend, but are not required, to offer to repurchase your Shares on a quarterly basis. As a result you will have limited opportunities to sell your Shares. 
 Subject to our Board of Trustees' discretion, we intend to offer to repurchase approximately 10 of our weighted average number of outstanding Shares in any 12-month period, in order to allow you to tender your Shares to us on a quarterly basis at a price that is estimated to be equal to our net asset value per share as of the expiration date of the tender offer. The share repurchase program, if implemented, will include numerous restrictions that limit your ability to sell your Shares. At the discretion of our Board of Trustees, we intend to limit the number of Shares to be repurchased during any calendar year to the number of Shares we can repurchase with cash on hand, cash available from borrowings and cash from the sale of our investments as of the end of the applicable period to repurchase Shares. We will limit repurchases in each quarter to 2.5 of the weighted average number of Shares outstanding in the prior four calendar quarters. To the extent that the number of Shares put to us for repurchase exceeds the number of Shares that we are able to purchase, we will repurchase Shares on a pro rata basis, not on a first-come, first-served basis. Further, we will have no obligation to repurchase Shares if the repurchase would violate the restrictions on distributions under federal law or Delaware law, which prohibits distributions that would cause a trust to fail to meet statutory tests of solvency. These limits may prevent us from accommodating all repurchase requests made in any year. Our Board of Trustees may amend, suspend or terminate the share repurchase program at any time. We will notify our shareholders of such developments: (i) in our quarterly reports or (ii) by means of a separate mailing to you, accompanied by disclosure in a current or periodic report under the Exchange Act. In addition, under the quarterly share repurchase program, if implemented, we will have discretion to not repurchase Shares, to suspend the program, and to cease repurchases. Further, the program will have many limitations and should not be relied upon as a method to sell Shares promptly and at a desired price. 
 Our Shares are not listed on a securities exchange and our shareholders have limited liquidity. In addition, the timing of our repurchase offers pursuant to our share repurchase program may be at a time that is disadvantageous to our shareholders, and to the extent you are able to sell your Shares under the share repurchase program, you may not be able to recover the amount of your investment in our Shares. 
 Our Shares are illiquid investments for which there is not and will likely not be a secondary market. Liquidity for your Shares will be limited to participation in our share repurchase program, which we have no obligation to maintain. 
 27 

When we make quarterly repurchase offers pursuant to the share repurchase program, we will offer to repurchase Shares at a price that is estimated to be equal to our net asset value per share as of the expiration date of the tender offer, which may be lower than the price that you paid for our Shares. As a result, to the extent you paid a price that includes the related sales load and to the extent you have the ability to sell your Shares pursuant to our share repurchase program, the price at which you may sell Shares may be lower than the amount you paid in connection with the purchase of Shares in this offering. 
 Liquidation Risk. 
 The Master Fund and the Feeder Funds are in the process of liquidation and dissolution. They are dependent on the Advisor s expertise in the private credit market and its ability to liquidate the Master Fund s portfolio in an orderly fashion to maximize value for shareholders and provide shareholders with liquidity. Although the Advisor is conducting an orderly disposal of the Master Fund s investments, it is possible that, due to a market or political disruption during the liquidation of the Master Fund and the Feeder Funds, including a potential resurgence of COVID-19, the Master Fund may receive depressed prices for its securities below what the Advisor believes it would receive in the absence of any disruption. The reduction in the Master Fund's and the Feeder Fund s net assets that result from the liquidation may result in increased expense ratios, as certain fixed expenses would be spread across a smaller asset base, and the Master Fund and the Feeder Funds may bear costs and expenses relating to the liquidation, including increased legal fees and costs of insurance. 
 We may be unable to invest a significant portion of the net proceeds of this offering on acceptable terms in an acceptable timeframe. 
 Delays in investing the net proceeds of this offering may impair our performance. We cannot assure you that we will be able to identify investments that meet our investment objectives or that any investment that we make will produce a positive return. We may be unable to invest the net proceeds of our offering on acceptable terms within the time period that we anticipate or at all, which could harm our financial condition and operating results. 
 Before making investments, we will invest the net proceeds of our offering primarily in cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities, repurchase agreements and/or other high-quality debt instruments maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. This will produce returns that are significantly lower than the returns we expect to achieve when our portfolio is fully invested in securities meeting our investment objectives. As a result, any distributions that we pay while our portfolio is not fully invested in securities meeting our investment objectives may be lower than the distributions that we may be able to pay when our portfolio is fully invested in securities meeting our investment objectives. 
 Your interest in us may be diluted if we issue additional Shares, which could reduce the overall value of an investment in us. 
 You do not have preemptive rights to any Shares we issue in the future. Our Declaration of Trust authorizes us to issue up to 348,000,000 Shares. Pursuant to our Declaration of Trust, a majority of our entire Board of Trustees may amend our Declaration of Trust to increase our authorized Shares without shareholder approval. Our Board of Trustees may elect to sell additional Shares in the future. To the extent we issue additional equity interests at or below net asset value, your percentage ownership interest in us may be diluted. In addition, depending upon the terms and pricing of any additional offerings and the value of our investments, you may also experience dilution in the book value and fair value of your Shares. 
 Under the 1940 Act, we generally are prohibited from issuing or selling our Shares at a price below net asset value per share, which may be a disadvantage as compared with certain public companies. We may, however, sell our Shares or warrants, options or rights to acquire our Shares, at a price below the current net asset value of our Shares if our Board of Trustees and Independent Trustees determine that such sale is in our best interests and the best interests of our shareholders, and our shareholders, including a majority of those shareholders that are not affiliated with us, approve such sale. In any such case, the price at which our securities are to be issued and sold may not be less than a price that, in the determination of our Board of Trustees, closely approximates the fair value of such securities. If we raise additional funds by issuing Shares or senior securities convertible into, or exchangeable for, our Shares, then the percentage ownership of our shareholders at that time will decrease and you will experience dilution. 
 If a Liquidity Event were to be in the form of listing of the Master Fund s shares on a national securities exchange, the price at which the shares of the Master Fund trade from time to time may be below the Master Fund s then current Net Asset value. 
 28 

One of the options that our Board of Trustees may recommend to pursue a Liquidity Event may be a listing of the Master Fund s shares on a national securities exchange. Such a listing would require the approval of the shareholders of the Feeder Funds voting together as a single class, and, if approved, would result in the liquidation and dissolution of each feeder fund, including us, at which point all shareholders of each feeder fund would become direct shareholders of the Master Fund. We cannot assure you that a trading market will develop for the Master Fund s shares after the listing or, if one develops, that such trading market will be sustained. In addition, we cannot predict the prices at which the shares of the Master Fund will trade, whether at, above or below NAV. Shares of publicly traded BDCs often trade at a discount to the initial offering price due to initial front end load cost and other related offering expenses. Also, shares of publicly traded BDCs frequently trade at a discount to NAV, and the shares of the Master Fund may also be discounted in the market. This characteristic of publicly traded BDCs is separate and distinct from the risk that our NAV per share may decline and may be greater for investors expecting to sell shares after the Master Fund listing occurs. In addition, if shares of the Master Fund trade below its then current NAV, the Master Fund will generally not be able to sell additional shares of common stock to the public without, among other things, the requisite shareholder approval. 
 Certain provisions of our Declaration of Trust and actions of the Board of Trustees could deter takeover attempts and have an adverse impact on the value of our Shares. 
 Our Declaration of Trust, as well as certain statutory and regulatory requirements, contains certain provisions that may have the effect of discouraging a third party from attempting to acquire us. Our Board of Trustees may, without shareholder action, authorize the issuance of shares in one or more classes or series if the required approval is obtained from SEC; and our Board of Trustees may, without shareholder action, amend our Declaration of Trust to increase the number of our Shares, of any class or series, that we will have authority to issue. These anti-takeover provisions may inhibit a change of control in circumstances that could give the holders of our Shares the opportunity to realize a premium over the value of our Shares. 
 The net asset value of our Shares may fluctuate significantly. 
 The net asset value and liquidity, if any, of the market for our Shares may be significantly affected by numerous factors, some of which are beyond our control and may not be directly related to our operating performance. These factors include: 
 changes in the value of our portfolio of investments and derivative instruments; 
 changes in regulatory policies or tax guidelines, particularly with respect to RICs or BDCs; 
 loss of RIC or BDC status; 
 distributions that exceed our net investment income and net income as reported according to GAAP; 
 changes in earnings or variations in operating results; 
 changes in accounting guidelines governing valuation of our investments; 
 any shortfall in revenue or net income, or any increase in losses from levels expected by investors; 
 departure of our Advisor or certain of its key personnel; 
 general economic trends and other external factors; and 
 loss of a major funding source. 
 There are special considerations for pension or profit-sharing trusts, Keoghs or IRAs. 
 If you are investing the assets of a pension, profit sharing, 401(k), Keogh or other retirement plan, or IRA or any other employee benefit plan subject to ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code in us, you should consider: 
 whether your investment is consistent with the applicable provisions of ERISA and the Code; 
 whether your investment will produce unrelated business taxable income to the benefit plan; and 
 your need to value the assets of the benefit plan annually. 
 29 

We believe that, under current ERISA law and regulations, our assets will not be treated as plan assets of a benefit plan subject to ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Code that purchases Shares, if the facts and assumptions described in this prospectus arise as expected, and based on our related representations. Our view is not binding on the IRS or the Department of Labor. If our assets were considered to be plan assets, our assets would be subject to ERISA and/or Section 4975 of the Code, and some of the transactions we will enter into with our Advisor and its affiliates could be considered prohibited transactions, which could cause us, our Advisor and its affiliates to be subject to liabilities and excise taxes. In addition, Guggenheim could be deemed to be a fiduciary under ERISA and subject to other conditions, restrictions and prohibitions under Part 4 of Title I of ERISA. Even if our assets will not be considered to be plan assets, a prohibited transaction could occur if we, our Advisor, any selected dealer, the transfer agent or any of their affiliates is a fiduciary (within the meaning of ERISA) with respect to a purchase by a benefit plan and, therefore, unless an administrative or statutory exemption applies in the event such persons are fiduciaries (within the meaning of ERISA) with respect to your purchase, Shares should not be purchased. 
 FEDERAL INCOME TAX RISKS 
 We will be subject to corporate-level income tax if we are unable to maintain our qualification as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code or if we make investments through taxable subsidiaries. 
 To maintain RIC tax treatment under the Code, we must meet the following minimum annual distribution, income source, and asset diversification requirements. 
 The minimum annual distribution requirement for a RIC will be satisfied if we distribute dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes to our shareholders each taxable year an amount generally at least equal to 90 of the sum of our net ordinary taxable income and realized net short-term capital gains in excess of realized net long-term capital losses, if any. In addition, a RIC may, in certain cases, satisfy the 90 distribution requirement by distributing dividends relating to a taxable year after the close of such taxable year under the spillover dividend provisions of Subchapter M of the Code. Upon satisfying this requirement, we would be taxed on any retained income and/or gains, including any short-term capital gains or long-term capital gains. We must also satisfy an additional annual distribution requirement in respect of each calendar year in order to avoid the imposition of a 4 excise tax on the amount of any under-distribution. Because we may use debt financing, we are subject to (i) an asset coverage ratio requirement under the 1940 Act and may, in the future, be subject to (ii) certain financial covenants under loan and credit agreements that could, under certain circumstances, restrict us from making distributions necessary to satisfy the distribution requirements. If we are unable to obtain cash from other sources, we could fail to qualify for RIC tax treatment, or could be required to retain a portion of our income or gains, and thus become subject to corporate-level income or excise tax. 
 The income source requirement will be satisfied if we obtain at least 90 of our gross income each taxable year from dividends, interest, gains from the sale of stock or securities or other income derived from the business of investing in stock or securities. 
 The asset diversification requirement will be satisfied if we meet certain asset diversification requirements at the end of each quarter of our taxable year, which may be more difficult to achieve as we liquidate our portfolio. To satisfy this requirement, at least 50 of the value of our assets must consist of cash, cash equivalents (including receivables), U.S. government securities, securities of other RICs and other acceptable securities; and no more than 25 of the value of our assets can be invested in the securities, other than U.S. government securities or securities of other RICs, of one issuer, of two or more issuers that are controlled (as determined under applicable Code rules) by us and that are engaged in the same or similar or related trades or businesses, or of certain qualified publicly-traded partnerships. Failure to meet these requirements may result in our having to dispose of certain investments quickly in order to prevent the loss of RIC status. Because most of our investments will be in private companies, and therefore will be relatively illiquid, any such dispositions could be made at disadvantageous prices and could result in substantial losses. 
 30 

If we fail to qualify for or maintain RIC tax treatment for any reason and are subject to corporate-level income tax, the resulting corporate taxes could substantially reduce our net assets, the amount of income available for distribution and the amount of our distributions. Such a failure would have a material adverse effect on us, the net asset value of our Shares and the total return, if any, earned from an investment in our Shares. 
 We may invest in certain debt and equity investments through taxable subsidiaries and the net taxable income of these taxable subsidiaries will be subject to federal and state corporate income taxes. 
 We may invest in certain debt instruments and equity securities through taxable subsidiaries, and the taxable income of these taxable subsidiaries will be subject to federal and state corporate income taxes. We may invest in certain foreign debt instruments and equity securities which could be subject to foreign taxes (such as income tax, withholding and value added taxes). 
 We may have difficulty paying our required distributions if we recognize income before or without receiving cash representing such income. 
 For federal income tax purposes, we may be required to recognize taxable income in circumstances in which we do not receive a corresponding payment in cash. For example, since we will likely hold debt instruments that are treated under applicable tax rules as having OID (such as debt instruments with PIK interest provisions, secondary market purchase of debt securities at discount to par, interest or, in certain cases, increasing interest rates or debt instruments that were issued with warrants), each taxable year we must include a portion of the OID that accrues over the life of such debt instruments in our taxable income, regardless of whether cash representing such income is received by us in the same taxable year. We may also have to include in our taxable income other amounts that we have not yet received in cash, such as deferred loan origination fees that are paid after origination of a loan or are paid in non-cash compensation such as warrants or stock. Furthermore, we may invest in non-U.S. corporations (or other non-U.S. entities treated as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes) that could be treated under the Code and U.S. Treasury regulations as passive foreign investment companies and/or controlled foreign corporations. The rules relating to investment in these types of non-U.S. entities are designed to ensure that U.S. taxpayers are either, in effect, subject to tax currently (or on an accelerated basis with respect to corporate level events) or taxed at increased tax rates at distribution or disposition. In certain circumstances these rules could require us to recognize income where we do not receive a corresponding payment in cash. 
 We anticipate that a portion of our income may constitute OID or other income required to be included in taxable income prior to receipt of cash. Further, we may elect to amortize market discount with respect to debt instruments acquired in the secondary market and include such amounts in our taxable income in the current taxable year, instead of upon disposition, as an election not to do so would limit our ability to deduct interest expense for tax purposes. Because any OID or other amounts accrued will be included in our investment company taxable income for the year of the accrual, we may be required to make a distribution to our shareholders in order to satisfy the annual distribution requirement, even if we will not have received any corresponding cash amount. As a result, we may have difficulty meeting the annual distribution requirement necessary to obtain and maintain RIC tax treatment under the Code. We may have to sell some of our investments at times and/or at prices we would not consider advantageous, raise additional debt or equity capital, make a partial share distribution or forgo new investment opportunities for this purpose. If we are not able to obtain cash from other sources, and choose not to make a qualifying share distribution, we may fail to qualify for RIC tax treatment and thus become subject to corporate-level income tax. The resulting corporate-level taxes could substantially reduce our net assets, the amount of income available for distribution, as well as the amount of our distributions and, as such, could have a material adverse effect on us, the net asset value of our Shares and the total return, if any, earned from an investment in our Shares. 
 Portfolio investments held by the Master Fund may present special tax issues. 
 Investments in below-investment grade debt instruments and certain equity securities may present special tax issues for the Master Fund. U.S. federal income tax rules are not entirely clear about issues such as when a taxpayer may cease to accrue interest, OID or market discount, when and to what extent deductions may be taken for bad debts or worthless debt instruments or equity securities, how payments received on debt instruments in default should be allocated between principal and interest income, as well as whether exchanges of debt instruments in a bankruptcy or workout context are taxable. Such matters could cause the Master Fund to recognize taxable income for U.S. federal income tax purposes, even in the absence of cash or economic gain, and require the Master Fund to make taxable distributions to us in connection with maintaining its RIC tax status or precluding the imposition of either U.S. federal corporate income or excise taxation. Additionally, because such taxable income may not be matched by corresponding cash received by the Master Fund, the Master Fund may be required to borrow money or dispose of other investments to be able to make distributions to us. 
 31 

Master Feeder Structure. 
 As we invest in the Master Fund, our realized losses on sales of shares of the Master Fund may be indefinitely or permanently deferred as "wash sales." Distributions of short-term capital gains by the Master Fund will be recognized as ordinary income by us and would not be offset by our capital loss carry-forwards, if any. Capital loss carry-forwards of the Master Fund, if any, would not offset our net capital gains. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties. 
 We do not own any real estate or other physical properties materially important to our operation. We believe that the Advisor's office facilities are suitable and adequate for our business. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 As of March 14, 2023, we were not subject to any material legal proceedings, and, to our knowledge, there were no material legal proceedings threatened against us. 
 From time to time, we, or our administrator, may be a party to certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course of, or incidental to the normal course of, our business, including legal proceedings related to the enforcement of our rights under contracts with our portfolio companies. While legal proceedings, lawsuits, claims and regulatory proceedings are subject to many uncertainties and their ultimate outcomes are not predictable with assurance, the results of these proceedings are not expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 Market Information 
 There is currently no established public trading market for our common stock ("Shares" or "Common Shares"). 
 Shareholders 
 As of March 14, 2023, we had 839 record holders of our Shares. 
 Public Offering Wrap Up 
 Our Public Offering commenced on July 31, 2015 and was closed on December 31, 2020. It was temporarily suspended on August 23, 2017 through June 13, 2018 due to the replacement of the dealer manager. Over the course of the Public Offering period, we raised 50.2 million in gross proceeds, resulting in net proceeds of 49.3 million for investment in the Master Fund. 
 The following table lists the NAV per share, the POP and Net POP for Shares sold in our Public Offering, the Net POP premium expressed as a percentage of NAV, and quarterly declared distributions per Share throughout the Public Offering period, including the third quarter of 2017 when the Public Offering was suspended. There were no shares sold during the year ended December 31, 2018. 
 32 

End of Quarter NAV POP (1) 
 Net POP (1) 
 Net POP Premium to NAV Declared Distributions per Share Year Ended December 31, 2020 Fourth Quarter 22.67 23.86 22.67 0.28 Third Quarter 21.81 22.96 21.81 0.39 Second Quarter 21.14 22.25 21.14 0.39 First Quarter 19.66 20.69 19.66 0.46 Year Ended December 31, 2019 Fourth Quarter 23.37 24.60 23.37 0.46 Third Quarter 23.74 24.99 23.74 0.50 Second Quarter 24.37 25.65 24.37 0.46 First Quarter 24.47 25.76 24.47 0.43 Year Ended December 31, 2017 Third Quarter (2) 
 25.84 26.90 26.09 1.0 0.45 Second Quarter 25.92 26.90 26.09 0.7 0.45 First Quarter 25.95 26.75 25.95 0.45 Year Ended December 31, 2016 Fourth Quarter 25.75 26.60 25.80 0.2 0.45 Third Quarter 25.25 26.30 25.51 1.0 0.45 Second Quarter 24.60 25.50 24.74 0.6 0.45 First Quarter 23.95 25.00 24.25 1.3 0.47 ______________________ 
 (1) Pursuant to the terms of the current GCIF 2019 Prospectus dated April 9, 2020, the Public Offering Price for brokerage sales includes a 5.0 upfront sales load and is subject to change based on fluctuations in NAV. Please refer to the current prospectus as amended and supplemented for disclosures relating to the Public Offering Price. 
 (2) The Public Offering was temporarily suspended within the third quarter of 2017. 
 The average POP is 25.60 per Common Share and the average net proceeds per Common Share is 25.03 as of December 31, 2022, including proceeds from our distribution reinvestment plan. The following table summarizes the total Common Shares issued and proceeds received in connection with our Public Offering and distribution reinvestment program for the period commencing on July 31, 2015 (inception) through December 31, 2022: 
 
 Inception through December 31, 2022 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Gross proceeds from Public Offering 
 1,959,348 50,158,691 Dealer Manager fees and commissions 
 (890,172) Net proceeds to the Company from Public Offering 
 1,959,348 49,268,519 Reinvestment of distributions 
 278,752 6,762,060 Net proceeds from issuance of Shares 
 2,238,100 56,030,579 Average net proceeds per Common Share 
 25.03 
 
 33 

Registrant's Purchases of Equity Securities 
 We commenced our share repurchase program in July 2016 and the initial repurchase of Common Shares occurred in June 2017. We limit repurchases in each quarter to 2.5 of the weighted average number of Common Shares outstanding in the prior four calendar quarters. Our Board of Trustees may amend, suspend or terminate the share repurchase program upon 30 days notice. All Shares purchased by us pursuant to the terms of each tender offer will be retired and thereafter will be authorized and unissued shares. We had implemented a share repurchase program, whereby it conducts tender offers each calendar quarter. In accordance with the Liquidation Plan, the Company s share repurchase program has been suspended effective March 30, 2021. See Note 5. Common Shares for the history of our periodic share repurchase programs. 
 Unregistered Sale of Equity Securities 
 None. 
 Distributions 
 Distributions to our shareholders are governed by our declaration of trust. The timing and amount of our monthly or quarterly distributions, if any, is determined by our Board of Trustees. Any distributions to our shareholders are declared out of assets legally available for distribution. The following table presents the total cash distributions declared per Common Share outstanding during the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020: 
 Cash Distributions Declared Per Share Quarter 2022 2021 2020 First 2.27000 0.29565 0.46111 Second 2.27000 2.91000 0.39195 Third 2.27000 2.73000 0.39195 Fourth 3.98000 0.48000 0.27738 Total 10.79000 6.41565 1.52239 
 Because we intend to maintain our qualification as a RIC, we intend to distribute at least 90 of our annual taxable income to our shareholders. To the extent our taxable earnings fall below the total amount of our paid distributions for any given fiscal year, a portion of those paid distributions may be deemed to be a tax return of capital to our shareholders. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the distributions paid to shareholders were estimated to be comprised of taxable income (ordinary income and capital gains) and a return of capital for federal income tax purposes. In January 2023, a Form 1099-DIV was sent to our non-corporate shareholders which reported the amount and source allocations of our fiscal 2022 declared distributions. 
 
 34 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 
 The following selected financial data (i) as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, (ii) as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021, (iii) as of and for the year ended December 31, 2020, (iv) as of and for the year ended December 31, 2019 and (v) as of and for the year ended December 31, 2018 is derived from our financial statements. The following selected financial data should be read in conjunction with Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data included in this Report: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Year Ended December 31, 2020 Year Ended December 31, 2019 Year Ended December 31, 2018 Statements of operations data: Dividends from investment in GCIF 1,071,976 1,686,293 2,617,580 2,626,890 3,455,468 Operating expenses Total operating expenses 315,147 369,324 538,905 472,087 537,594 Reimbursement of expense support 40,718 25,424 156,581 Less: Expense support from related parties (93,663) (636,794) (186,775) (91,269) Net expenses (reimbursement) 315,147 275,661 (57,171) 310,736 602,906 Net investment income 756,829 1,410,632 2,674,751 2,316,154 2,852,562 Net realized gain from redemption of investment in GCIF 7,032 28,246 11,537 43,731 Long term gain (loss) distributions from investment in GCIF (7,012) 216,290 567,247 Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) from investment (1,279,476) 2,626,462 (1,143,177) (1,496,531) (2,110,349) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations (522,647) 4,037,114 1,559,820 1,047,450 1,353,191 Per Share data: Net Asset Value per Common Share 7.44 18.54 22.67 23.37 24.56 Net investment income per Common Share outstanding - basic and diluted 0.44 0.81 1.47 1.45 1.76 Earnings per Common Share - basic and diluted (0.30) 2.30 0.86 0.65 0.83 Distributions per Common Share 10.80 6.42 1.52 1.84 1.95 Other data: Total investment return-net price (1) 
 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Total investment return-net asset value (2) 
 (2.98) 10.40 4.06 2.66 3.21 Net investment activity for the period 1,902,878 4,582,853 832,462 364,000 Statements of Assets and Liabilities data: Total assets 13,071,588 32,315,383 41,050,019 37,660,312 39,922,480 Total net assets 12,925,546 32,182,699 40,955,678 37,529,070 39,570,591 
 
 35 

_______________________ 
 (1) Total investment return-net price is a measure of total return for shareholders, assuming the purchase of the Company s Common Shares at the beginning of the period and the reinvestment of all distributions declared during the period. More specifically, total investment return-net price is based on (i) the purchase of Common Shares at the net offering price on the first day of the period, (ii) the sale at the net asset value per Common Share on the last day of the period, of (A) purchased Common Shares plus (B) any Common Shares issued in connection with the reinvestment of distributions and (iii) distributions payable relating to the ownership of Common Shares, if any, on the last day of the period. The total investment return-net price calculation assumes that (i) cash distributions are reinvested in accordance with the Company s distribution reinvestment plan and (ii) the Common Shares issued pursuant to the distribution reinvestment plan are issued at the then net offering price per Common Share on each distribution payment date. Since there is no public market for the Company s Common Shares, then the terminal sales price per Common Share is assumed to be equal to net asset value per Common Share on the last day of the period presented. Total investment return-net price is not annualized for the period from July 31, 2015 (inception) to December 31, 2015. Investment performance is presented without regard to sales load that may be incurred by shareholders in the purchase of the Company s Common Shares. The Company s performance changes over time and currently may be different than that shown above. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. 
 (2) Total investment return-net asset value is a measure of the change in total value for shareholders who held the Company s Common Shares at the beginning and end of the period, including distributions declared during the period. Total investment return-net asset value is based on (i) net asset value per share on the first day of the period, (ii) the net asset value per share on the last day of the period, plus any shares issued in connection with the reinvestment of monthly distributions and (iii) distributions payable relating to the ownership of shares, if any, on the last day of the period. The total investment return-net asset value calculation assumes that (i) cash distributions are reinvested in accordance with the Company s distribution reinvestment plan and (ii) the shares issued pursuant to the distribution reinvestment plan are issued at the then current public offering price, net of sales load, on each monthly distribution payment date. Since there is no public market for the Company s shares, terminal market value per share is assumed to be equal to net asset value per share on the last day of the period presented. Total investment return-net asset value is not annualized for the period from July 31, 2015 (inception) to December 31, 2015. Investment performance is presented without regard to sales load that may be incurred by shareholders in the purchase of the Company s Common Shares. The Company s performance changes over time and currently may be different than that shown above. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. 
 
 36 

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The information contained in this item should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this Report. Unless otherwise noted, the terms "we," "us," "our" and the "Company" refer to Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2019. The Term "Master Fund" refers to Guggenheim Credit Income Fund. Capitalized terms used in this Item 7 have the same meaning as in the accompanying financial statements presented in Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , unless otherwise defined herein. 
 Overview 
 We are a feeder fund and we are affiliated with the Master Fund, which is a specialty finance investment company that has elected to be treated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. The Master Fund is externally managed by Guggenheim, which is responsible for sourcing potential investments, conducting due diligence on prospective investments, analyzing investment opportunities, structuring investments, determining the securities and other assets that we will purchase, retain or sell and monitoring the Master Fund's portfolio on an ongoing basis. The Master Fund's management discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations as presented in its quarterly report should be read in its entirety. 
 Plan of Liquidation 
 In accordance with the offering documents and the intention of Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2016 T ("GCIF 2016T") and Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2019 ("GCIF 2019") (together, the "Feeder Funds") to provide substantial shareholder liquidity, the Boards of Trustees of the Master Fund and the Feeder Funds approved respective Plans of Liquidation for each company on March 30, 2021 (each, a "Liquidation Plan"). In accordance with the Liquidation Plans, the Board has declared multiple liquidating distributions which are outlined in the table below. These distributions have been substantially composed of return of capital and have decreased the net asset value of the Master Fund and Feeder Funds. As such, the value on shareholder s investment statements has decreased as liquidating distributions have been paid. 
 For the Master Fund, as of March 14, 2023, over 85 of the NAV has been declared to be paid to shareholders in the form of liquidating distributions. 
 The table below is intended to highlight some relevant metrics associated with the Plans of Liquidation. 
 Noted Information GCIF (Master Fund) GCIF 2016 T GCIF 2019 Cumulative Liquidating Distributions declared per share through March 14, 2023 6.55 6.89 18.89 Number of Portfolio Companies at beginning of Year 34 Number of Portfolio Companies at end of Period 18 YTD Portfolio sales and repayments in thousands) 81,685 Cumulative Liquidating Distributions Declared through March 14, 2023 in thousands) (167,642) (112,288) (32,798) Percentage of December 31, 2020 NAV Declared through March 14, 2023 86.64 86.34 83.33 Net Assets at beginning of Year in thousands) 157,280 106,886 32,183 Net Assets at end of Period in thousands) 61,273 41,115 12,926 Net asset value per share at end of period 2.39 2.52 7.44 
 In accordance with the Liquidation Plan, the Master Fund and the Feeder Funds will remain registered as a BDC and intend to maintain their qualifications, as RICs under Subchapter M of the Code. 
 
 37 

Investment Objectives and Investment Program 
 Our investment objectives are to provide our shareholders with current income, capital preservation and, to a lesser extent, long-term capital appreciation. 
 We intend to meet our investment objectives by investing substantially all of our equity capital in the Master Fund. The Master Fund's investment objectives are the same as our own. Prior to the Board of Trustees' approval of the Liquidation Plan, the Master Fund's investment strategy was focused on creating and growing an investment portfolio that generates superior risk-adjusted returns by carefully selecting investments through rigorous due diligence and actively managing and monitoring its investment portfolio. When evaluating an investment and the related portfolio company, the Master Fund uses the resources of its advisor to develop an investment thesis and a proprietary view of a potential portfolio company s intrinsic value. We believe the Master Fund's flexible approach to investing allows it to take advantage of opportunities that offer favorable risk/reward characteristics. 
 The Master Fund primarily focused on the following range of investment types that may be available within the capital structure of portfolio companies: 
 Senior Debt. Senior debt investments generally take a security interest in the available assets of the portfolio company, including equity interests in any of its subsidiaries. The senior debt classification includes senior secured first lien loans, senior secured second lien loans, senior secured bonds and senior unsecured debt. In some circumstances, the secured lien could be subordinated to the claims of other creditors. While there is no specific collateral associated with senior unsecured debt, such positions are senior in payment priority over subordinated debt creditors. 
 Subordinated Debt. Subordinated debt investments are generally subordinated to senior debt investments and are generally unsecured. These investments are generally structured with interest-only payments throughout the life of the security with the principal due at maturity. 
 Equity Investments. Preferred and/or common equity investments may be acquired alongside senior and subordinated debt investment activities or through the exercising of warrants or options attached to debt investments. Income is generated primarily through regular or sporadic dividends and realized gains on dispositions of such investments. 
 The Master Fund's investment activities may vary substantially from period to period depending on many factors, including: the demand for capital from creditworthy privately owned U.S. companies, the level of merger, acquisition and refinancing activity involving private companies, the availability of credit to finance transactions, the general economic environment, the competitive investment environment for the types of investments the Master Fund currently seeks and intends to seek in the future, the amount of equity capital the Master Fund raises from the sale of its common shares to us and any other feeder funds and the amount and cost of capital that the Master Fund may borrow. 
 The Master Fund acquires its portfolio investments through the following investment access channels: 
 Direct Originations: This channel consists of investments that are directly originated through Guggenheim's relationship network. Such investments are originated and/or structured by Guggenheim and are not generally available to the broader investment market. These investments may include both debt and equity investment components. 
 Syndicated Transactions: This channel primarily includes investments in broadly syndicated loans and high yield bonds, typically originated and arranged by investment intermediaries other than Guggenheim. These investments may be purchased at the original syndication or in the secondary through various trading markets. 
 On July 15, 2015, the staff of the SEC issued a no action letter to the Master Fund and Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2016 T (the Initial Feeder Fund ), permitting the Master Fund, the Initial Feeder Fund and any other feeder fund that may be created in the future that invests all or substantially all its assets in the Master Fund (each, an Additional Feeder Fund and collectively with the Initial Feeder Fund, the Feeder Funds to operate in a master/feeder fund structure. More specifically, the no action letter permits: 
 a Feeder Fund to operate as a BDC under the 1940 Act; 
 a Feeder Fund to look through the Master Fund and treat as its assets its proportionate ownership interest in the Master Fund s assets; and 
 the Master Fund to repurchase its shares in connection with the planned liquidation of a Feeder Fund at the end of the Feeder Fund s finite term. 
 
 38 

Revenue 
 Dividend income from our ownership of the Master Fund's common shares is our source of investment income. Our revenue will fluctuate with the operating performance of the Master Fund and its distributions paid to us. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Our primary operating expenses include administrative services, related party reimbursements, custodian and accounting services, independent audit services, compliance services, tax services, legal services, transfer agent services, organization expenses and offering expenses. Additionally, we indirectly bear the operating expenses of the Master Fund through our ownership of its common shares, such as an investment advisory fee, a performance-based incentive fee, independent audit services, third-party valuation services and various other professional services fees. 
 
 Impact of COVID-19 
 In late 2019 and early 2020, a novel coronavirus (SARS-CoV-2) and related respiratory disease ("COVID-19") emerged and spread rapidly across the world, including to the U.S. 
 The Master Fund has and continues to assess the impact of COVID-19 on its portfolio companies. We cannot predict the full impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including its duration in the United States and worldwide, and the magnitude of the economic impact of the outbreak, including with respect to the travel restrictions, business closures and other quarantine measures imposed on service providers and other individuals by various local, state, and federal governmental authorities, as well as non-U.S. governmental authorities. As such, we are unable to predict the duration of any business disruptions, the extent to which COVID-19 will negatively affect operating results of the Master Fund's portfolio companies or the impact that such disruptions may have on our results of operations and financial condition. We expect the Master Fund's portfolio companies and, by extension, our operating results to continue to be adversely impacted by COVID-19 and depending on the duration and extent of the disruption to the operations of the Master Fund's portfolio companies, we expect that certain portfolio companies will experience financial distress. We also expect that some portfolio companies may significantly curtail business operations, furlough or lay off employees and terminate service providers, and defer capital expenditures if subjected to prolonged and severe financial distress, which could impair their business on a permanent basis. The impacts of these events may include, but are not limited to, (i) amendments and waivers being granted to borrowers permitting deferral of loan payments or allowing for payment-in-kind PIK interest payments, (ii) additional borrower defaults and non-payments on their loans or inability of borrowers to refinance their loans at maturity, or (iii) permanent business closure. Such events, to the extent experienced, could result in a decrease in the value of the Master Fund's investment in any such portfolio company, or interest thereon. In addition, to the extent that the impact to the Master Fund's portfolio companies results in reduced interest payments or permanent impairments on its investments, we could see a decrease in our net investment income and could require us to reduce the future amount of distributions to our shareholders. 
 With respect to its investments, the Master Fund is taking steps in actively overseeing all of its individual portfolio companies. These measures include, among other things, enhanced monitoring/credit analysis of its portfolio, assessment of each portfolio company s operational and liquidity exposure and outlook, and frequent communication with its portfolio company management teams, industry consultants, and other lenders to understand the expected financial performance impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Results of Operations 
 Operating results for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 were as follows: 
 
 39 

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Total investment income 1,071,976 1,686,293 2,617,580 Net expenses (reimbursement) 315,147 275,661 (57,171) Net investment income 756,829 1,410,632 2,674,751 Net realized gains from redemption of investment in GCIF 
 7,032 28,246 Long term losses distributions from investment in GCIF (7,012) Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) from investment in GCIF (1,279,476) 2,626,462 (1,143,177) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations (522,647) 4,037,114 1,559,820 
 Investment Income 
 Investment income consisted solely of distributions from the Master Fund for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Operating expenses consisted of the following major components for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Administrative services 15,358 14,717 14,757 Related party reimbursements 73,635 120,840 188,714 Trustees fees 3,000 Professional services fees 101,559 99,725 101,000 Offering costs 10,547 102,337 Transfer agent fees 103,837 100,455 99,580 Other expenses 17,758 23,040 32,517 Total operating expenses 315,147 369,324 538,905 Reimbursement of expense support 40,718 Less: Expense support from related parties (93,663) (636,794) Net expenses (reimbursement) 315,147 275,661 (57,171) 
 Related party reimbursements are comprised of the Company's allocable share of administrative costs and expenses incurred by Guggenheim that were reimbursable. Reimbursable costs and expenses include, but are not limited to, the Company's share of salaries, rent, office administration, costs associated with regulatory reporting and filings and costs related to the preparation for and conducting of meetings of the Company's Board. An investment advisory fee is only incurred by the Master Fund, although it is incurred indirectly by the Company through its ownership of Master Fund common shares. 
 Offering costs pertains to the amortization of expenses related to issuance of common shares. 
 Net Realized Gains (Losses) from Investment 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not incur realized gains. In 2022, there were no distributions received from the Master Fund were classified as long term gains. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we had net realized gains of less than 0.0 million as a result of our sale of Master Fund Shares. In 2021, there were no distributions received from the Master Fund were classified as long term gains. For the year ended December 31, 2020, we had realized gains of less than 0.1 million as a result of our sale of Master Fund Shares. In 2020, there were no distributions received from the Master Fund was classified as a long term gain distribution. 
 
 40 

Changes in Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) from Investment 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the total net change in unrealized depreciation on our investment in the Master Fund was (1.3) million. The decrease in net unrealized appreciation for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily due to the decrease in the Master Fund's total assets. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the total net change in unrealized appreciation on our investment in the Master Fund was 2.6 million. The change in net unrealized for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to the partial recovery of the market from the negative economic impact caused by COVID-19 to the Master Fund's portfolio companies. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the total net change in unrealized depreciation from our investment in the Master Fund was (1.1) million. 
 Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, net cash provided by operating activities was 18.4 million, 13.3 million and (2.0) million, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, distributions from the Master Fund were the primary source of cash. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the main source of the cash was from the redemptions of Master Fund shares. For the year ended December 31, 2020, the purchase of Master Fund shares was the primary use of cash. 
 Net cash used in financing activities was (18.7) million during the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily represented by distributions paid of (18.7). Net cash used in financing activities was (12.8) million during the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily represented by distributions paid of (10.9) million. Net cash provided for financing activities was 1.9 million during the year ended December 31, 2020, primarily represented by issuance of common shares of 5.9 million and repurchase of common shares of (2.6) million. 
 
 Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our primary sources of cash include (i) the sale of our Common Shares, (ii) our shareholders' reinvestment of their distributions, (iii) distributions, including capital gains, if any, received from our ownership of the Master Fund's common shares, (iv) expense support payments pursuant to the Expense Support Agreement and (v) the sale of our owned Master Fund shares in conjunction with its share repurchase program. Our primary uses of cash include (i) investment in the Master Fund's common shares, (ii) payment of operating expenses, (iii) cash distributions to our shareholders, (iv) periodic repurchases of our Common Shares pursuant to our share repurchase program and (v) reimbursement payments for prior period expense support payments. We are not permitted to issue any senior securities, including preferred securities. 
 We manage our assets and liabilities such that current assets are sufficient to cover current liabilities, and excess cash, if any, is invested in the acquisition of Master Fund's common shares. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 Use of Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of income, expense, gain and loss during the reporting period. We believe that the estimates and assumptions utilized in preparing the financial statements are reasonable. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies. 
 Valuation of Investments 
 We invest substantially all of our equity capital in the purchase of Master Fund common shares. We determine the fair value of our investment in the Master Fund as the Master Fund's net asset value per common share (as determined by the Master Fund) multiplied by the number of Master Fund common shares that we own. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 Commitments 
 We have not entered into any agreements under which we have material future commitments that cannot otherwise be terminated within a reasonable time period. 
 
 41 

Related Party Agreements and Transactions 
 Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement 
 We have entered into agreements with Guggenheim whereby we agreed to (i) receive expense support payments and to conditionally reimburse it for prior period expense support payments, (ii) pay for administrative services and (iii) compensate Guggenheim Funds Distributors, LLC ("GFD"), an affiliate of Guggenheim, for capital market services in connection with the marketing and distribution of our Shares. See Note 4. Related Party Agreements and Transactions for a discussion of related party transactions and expense reimbursement agreements. 
 Reimbursement of Guggenheim for Organization and Offering Expenses 
 Under the terms of the O O Agreement, we agreed to reimburse Guggenheim for our organization and offering expenses solely in connection with the capital raise of our Public Offering (See Note 4. Related Party Agreements and Transactions ). 
 Reimbursement of the Administrator for Administrative Services 
 We reimburse the Administrator for its expenses in connection with the provision of administrative services to us. These reimbursement expenses are periodically reviewed and approved by the Independent Trustees Committee of our Board of Trustees. See Note 4. Related Party Agreements and Transactions for a summary of reimbursable expenses as related to administrative services. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are subject to financial market risks, including changes in interest rates through our investment in the Master Fund. As of December 31, 2022, 98.8 of the Master Fund's debt investments (99.7 of total investments), or 40.2 million measured at fair value, are subject to floating interest rates. A rise in the general level of interest rates can be expected to lead to (i) higher interest income for the Master Fund's floating rate debt investments, (ii) value declines for fixed rate investments the Master Fund may hold and (iii) higher interest expense in connection with the Master Fund's floating rate credit facility. To the extent that a majority of the Master Fund's investments may be in floating rate investments, an increase in interest rates could also make it more difficult for borrowers to repay their loans, and a rise in interest rates may also make it easier for the Advisor to meet or exceed the quarterly threshold for a performance-based incentive fee as described in Note 6. Related Party Agreements and Transactions of the Master Fund's consolidated financial statements. 
 Based on our investment in the Master Fund as of December 31, 2022, the following table presents the approximate annualized increase in value per outstanding Common Share due to (i) interest income from the Master Fund's investment portfolio and (ii) interest expense on the Master Fund's floating rate borrowings, directly resulting from hypothetical changes in base rate interest rates (e.g., LIBOR), assuming no changes in (i) the number of outstanding Common Shares, (ii) the number of outstanding Master Fund Shares and (iii) our percent ownership of Master Fund shares: 
 Basis Points (bps) Increase (Decrease) Annualized Net Increase (Decrease) Net Increase (Decrease) per Share +50 bps 43 0.02 +100 bps 88 0.05 +150 bps 136 0.08 +200 bps 184 0.11 
 The Master Fund regularly measures its exposure to interest rate risk. The Master Fund assesses interest rate risk and manages its interest rate exposure on an ongoing basis by comparing its interest rate sensitive assets to its interest rate sensitive liabilities. Based on that review, the Master Fund determines whether or not any hedging transactions are necessary to mitigate exposure to changes in interest rates. 
 
 42 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Trustees of Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2019 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying statements of assets and liabilities of Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2019 (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in net assets and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations, changes in its net assets and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the auditor of one or more investment companies in the Guggenheim Credit Income Funds business development company group since 2018. 

March 14, 2023 

Guggenheim Credit Income Fund - 2019 
 STATEMENTS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Investment in Guggenheim Credit Income Fund (''GCIF'') (5,046,351 shares purchased at a cost of 14,809,703 and 5,046,351 shares purchased at a cost of 32,459,691, respectively) 
 12,081,088 31,010,552 Cash 990,500 1,304,831 Total assets 13,071,588 32,315,383 Liabilities Payable to related parties 10,877 23,841 Accrued professional services fees 104,636 75,430 Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 30,529 33,413 Total liabilities 146,042 132,684 Commitments and contingencies Note 4. Related Party Agreements and Transactions 
 Net Assets 12,925,546 32,182,699 Components of Net Assets: Common Shares, 0.001 par value, 348,000,000 Common Shares authorized, 1,736,284 and 1,736,284 Common Shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 1,737 1,737 Paid-in-capital in excess of par value 16,750,502 34,554,572 Accumulated loss, net of distributions 
 (3,826,693) (2,373,610) Total net assets 12,925,546 32,182,699 Net asset value per Common Share (NAV) 7.44 18.54 
 See Notes to Financial Statements. 
 
 44 

Guggenheim Credit Income Fund - 2019 
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Investment Income Dividends from investment in GCIF 1,071,976 1,686,293 2,617,580 Total investment income 
 1,071,976 1,686,293 2,617,580 Operating Expenses (1) 
 Administrative services 15,358 14,717 14,757 Related party reimbursements 73,635 120,840 188,714 Trustees fees 3,000 Professional services fees 101,559 99,725 101,000 Offering costs 10,547 102,337 Transfer agent fees 103,837 100,455 99,580 Other expenses 17,758 23,040 32,517 Total operating expenses 315,147 369,324 538,905 Less: Expense support from related parties (See Note 4. Related Party Agreements and Transactions 
 (93,663) (636,794) Net expenses (reimbursements) 315,147 275,661 (57,171) Net investment income 756,829 1,410,632 2,674,751 Realized and unrealized gains (losses): Short term realized gain from redemption of investment in GCIF 
 7,032 28,246 Long term realized loss from redemption of investment in GCIF (7,012) Net realized gain from investment in GCIF 20 28,246 Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) from investment in GCIF (1,279,476) 2,626,462 (1,143,177) Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) (1,279,476) 2,626,482 (1,114,931) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations (522,647) 4,037,114 1,559,820 Per Common Share information: Net investment income per Common Share outstanding - basic and diluted 0.44 0.81 1.47 Earnings (losses) per Common Share outstanding - basic and diluted 
 (0.30) 2.30 0.86 Weighted average Common Shares outstanding - basic and diluted 1,736,284 1,751,870 1,822,578 Distributions per Common Share outstanding 10.80 6.42 1.52 
 ______________ 
 (1) Operating expenses solely represent the Company's operating expenses and do not include the Company's proportionate share of the Master Fund's operating expenses. 
 See Notes to Financial Statements. 

45 

Guggenheim Credit Income Fund - 2019 
 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS Common Shares Paid-in-Capital in Excess of Par Value Accumulated Earnings (Loss), net of Distributions Shares Amount Total Balance at December 31, 2019 1,606,201 1,606 40,531,966 (3,004,502) 37,529,070 Operations: Net investment income 2,674,751 2,674,751 Net realized gains from investment in GCIF 28,246 28,246 Net change in unrealized depreciation from investment in GCIF (1,143,177) (1,143,177) Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 1,559,820 1,559,820 Shareholder distributions: Distributions from earnings (2,771,518) (2,771,518) Net decrease in net assets resulting from shareholder distributions (2,771,518) (2,771,518) Capital share transactions: Issuance of Common Shares 253,730 254 5,862,147 5,862,401 Shares issued in connection with the dividend reinvestment plan 62,625 63 1,349,376 1,349,439 Repurchase of Common Shares (115,573) (116) (2,573,418) (2,573,534) Net increase in net assets resulting from capital share transactions 200,782 201 4,638,105 4,638,306 Reclassifications of permanent book-to-tax differences (80,276) 80,276 Net increase (decrease) for the year 200,782 201 4,557,829 (1,131,422) 3,426,608 Balance at December 31, 2020 1,806,983 1,807 45,089,795 (4,135,924) 40,955,678 Operations: Net investment income 1,410,632 1,410,632 Net realized gains from investment in GCIF 20 20 Net change in unrealized appreciation from investment in GCIF 2,626,462 2,626,462 Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 4,037,114 4,037,114 Shareholder distributions: Distributions from earnings (2,308,862) (2,308,862) Distributions representing a return of capital (8,852,520) (8,852,520) Net decrease in net assets resulting from shareholder distributions (8,852,520) (2,308,862) (11,161,382) Capital share transactions: Shares issued in connection with the dividend reinvestment plan 11,005 11 254,146 254,157 Repurchase of Common Shares (81,704) (81) (1,902,787) (1,902,868) Net decrease in net assets resulting from capital share transactions (70,699) (70) (1,648,641) (1,648,711) Reclassifications of permanent book-to-tax differences (34,062) 34,062 Net increase (decrease) for the year (70,699) (70) (10,535,223) 1,762,314 (8,772,979) Balance at December 31, 2021 1,736,284 1,737 34,554,572 (2,373,610) 32,182,699 Operations: Net investment income 756,829 756,829 Net change in unrealized depreciation from investment in GCIF (1,279,476) (1,279,476) Net decrease in net assets resulting from operations (522,647) (522,647) Shareholder distributions: Distributions from earnings (930,687) (930,687) Distributions representing a return of capital (17,803,819) (17,803,819) Net decrease in net assets resulting from shareholder distributions (17,803,819) (930,687) (18,734,506) Reclassifications of permanent book-to-tax differences (251) 251 Net decrease for the year (17,804,070) (1,453,083) (19,257,153) Balance at December 31, 2022 1,736,284 1,737 16,750,502 (3,826,693) 12,925,546 
 See Notes to Financial Statements. 
 
 46 

Guggenheim Credit Income Fund - 2019 
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations (522,647) 4,037,114 1,559,820 Adjustments to reconcile net increase (decrease) in net assets from operations to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Purchase of Master Fund shares (6,550,000) Redemption of Master Fund shares 1,902,878 1,967,147 Proceeds from liquidation distributions 17,649,988 9,733,448 Net realized gain from investment in GCIF (20) (28,246) Net change in unrealized (appreciation) depreciation from investment in GCIF 1,279,476 (2,626,462) 1,143,177 (Increase) decrease in operating assets: Receivable from related parties 
 149,039 37,735 Deferred offering cost 
 108,769 (84,529) (Increase) decrease in operating liabilities: Payable to related parties 
 (12,964) (15,877) (15,265) Accrued professional services fees 
 29,206 40,233 (22,070) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 (2,884) 13,987 434 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 18,420,175 13,343,109 (1,991,797) Financing activities Issuance of Common Shares 
 5,862,401 Repurchase of Common Shares 
 (1,902,868) (2,573,534) Distributions paid 
 (18,734,506) (10,907,225) (1,422,079) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities (18,734,506) (12,810,093) 1,866,788 Net increase (decrease) in cash (314,331) 533,016 (125,009) Cash, beginning of year 1,304,831 771,815 896,824 Cash, end of year 990,500 1,304,831 771,815 Supplemental information and non-cash financing activities: Distributions reinvested 
 254,157 1,349,439 
 See Notes to Financial Statements. 
 
 47 

GUGGENHEIM CREDIT INCOME FUND 2019 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Note 1. Principal Business and Organization 
 Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2019 (the "Company") was formed as a Delaware statutory trust on September 5, 2014. The Company's investment objectives are to provide its shareholders with current income, capital preservation and, to a lesser extent, long-term capital appreciation by investing substantially all of its equity capital in Guggenheim Credit Income Fund (the "Master Fund" or "GCIF"). The Company is a non-diversified closed-end management investment company that elected to be treated as a business development company (a "BDC") under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act"). 
 The Master Fund elected to be treated as a BDC under the 1940 Act and it has the same investment objectives as the Company. The Master Fund commenced investment operations on April 2, 2015. The Master Fund's consolidated financial statements are an integral part of the Company's financial statements and should be read in their entirety. 
 The Master Fund is externally managed by Guggenheim Partners Investment Management, LLC ("Guggenheim" or the "Advisor"), which is responsible for sourcing potential investments, analyzing and conducting due diligence on prospective investment opportunities, structuring investments and ongoing monitoring of the Master Fund s investment portfolio. 
 The Company was selling its common shares ("Shares" or "Common Shares") pursuant to a registration statement on Form N-2 (the Initial Registration Statement covering its continuous public offering of up to 1.0 billion (the Initial Public Offering ). The Company suspended its Initial Public Offering of Common Shares, effective August 23, 2017, in connection with (i) the transition of the Master Fund's investment advisory function to Guggenheim and (ii) a concurrent change in the Initial Public Offering's dealer manager. On March 29, 2018 the Company filed a new registration statement on Form N-2 (the "Registration Statement") covering a continuous public offering of up to 958.6 million (the "Public Offering", together with the Initial Public Offering, the "Public Offerings"). The Company s initial Registration Statement with respect to the Public Offering was declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on June 13, 2018, and post-effective amendments thereto updating certain financial information was declared effective by the SEC on April 25, 2019 and April 9, 2020. On December 31, 2020, the Company's Public Offering was terminated, resulting in a gross capital raise of approximately 50 million from the sale and issuance of Common Shares in the Public Offerings since inception. 
 In accordance with the offering documents and the intention of Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2016 T ("GCIF 2016T") and the Company (together, the "Feeder Funds") to provide substantial shareholder liquidity, the Boards of Trustees of the Master Fund and the Feeder Funds approved respective Plans of Liquidation for each company on March 30, 2021 (each, a "Liquidation Plan"). In accordance with the Liquidation Plans, the Board has declared multiple liquidating distributions. These distributions have been substantially composed of return of capital and have decreased the net asset value of the Master Fund and Feeder Funds. As such, the value on shareholder s investment statements has decreased as liquidating distributions have been paid. 
 In accordance with the Liquidation Plan, the Master Fund and the Feeder Funds will remain registered as a BDC and intend to maintain their qualifications, as regulated investment company ("RIC") under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company owned 19.72 of the Master Fund's outstanding common shares. 
 
 Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies 
 Basis of Presentation 
 Management has determined that the Company meets the definition of an investment company and follows the accounting and reporting guidance in the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 946 Financial Services Investment Companies ASC Topic 946 ). 
 The Company's financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("GAAP"). The accompanying financial statements of the Company and the related financial information have been prepared pursuant to the requirements for reporting on Form 10-K and Regulation S-X. The Company's financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Master Fund's financial statements. 
 
 48 

Notes to Financial Statements 

 Use of Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect (i) the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, (ii) the reported amounts of income and expenses during the reported period and (iii) disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates under different assumptions and conditions. 
 Cash 
 Cash consists of demand deposits held at a major U.S. financial institution and the amount recorded on the statements of assets and liabilities may exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insured limit. Management believes the credit risk related to its demand deposits is minimal. 
 Valuation of Investments 
 The Company invests substantially all of its equity capital in the purchase of the Master Fund's common shares and its primary investment position is common shares of the Master Fund. The Company determines the fair value of the Master Fund's common shares as the Master Fund's net asset value per common share (as determined by the Master Fund) multiplied by the number of Master Fund common shares owned by the Company. The Company has implemented Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2015-07, which permits a reporting entity, as a practical expedient, to measure the fair value of certain investments using the net asset value per share of the investment. 
 Transactions with the Master Fund 
 Distributions received from the Master Fund are recorded on the record date. Distributions received from the Master Fund are generally recognized as dividend income or return of capital in the current period, a portion of which may be subject to a change in characterization in future periods, including the potential for reclassification between dividend income and return of capital. The Company's transactions with the Master Fund are recorded on the effective date of the subscription in, or the redemption of, Master Fund shares. Realized gains and losses resulting from the Company's share repurchase transactions with the Master Fund are calculated on the specific share identification basis. 
 Offering Expenses 
 Continuous offering expenses are capitalized monthly on the Company's statements of assets and liabilities as deferred offering costs and thereafter expensed to the Company's statements of operations over a 12-month period on a straight-line basis commencing at the later of (i) when the expense was incurred or (ii) when operations began. 
 Distributions to the Company's Shareholders 
 Declared distributions to the Company's shareholders are recorded as a liability as of the record date. 
 Federal Income Taxes 
 The Company has elected to be treated for federal income tax purposes, and intends to maintain its qualification, as a RIC under the Code. Generally, a RIC is not subject to federal income taxes on distributed income and gains if it distributes dividends in a timely manner out of assets legally available for distributions to its shareholders of an amount generally at least equal to 90 of its Investment Company Taxable Income, determined without regard to any dividend paid, as defined in the Code. The Company intends to distribute sufficient dividends to maintain its RIC status each year and it does not anticipate incurring a material level of federal income taxes. 
 The Company is generally subject to nondeductible federal excise taxes if it does not distribute dividends to its shareholders in respect of each calendar year of an amount at least equal to the sum of (i) 98 of its net ordinary income (taking into account certain deferrals and elections) for the calendar year, (ii) 98.2 of its capital gain net income i.e. , capital gains in excess of capital losses), adjusted for certain ordinary losses, for the one-year period generally ending on October 31 st of the calendar year and (iii) any net ordinary income and capital gain net income for preceding calendar years that were not distributed during such calendar years and on which the Company incurred no federal income tax. The Company may, at its discretion, incur a 4 nondeductible federal excise tax on under-distribution of taxable ordinary income and capital gains. 
 
 49 

Notes to Financial Statements 

 The Company follows ASC 740, Income Taxes ASC 740 ). ASC 740 provides guidance for how uncertain tax positions should be recognized, measured, presented and disclosed in the financial statements. ASC 740 requires the evaluation of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the course of preparing our tax returns to determine whether the tax positions are more-likely-than-not of being sustained by the applicable tax authority. Tax positions not deemed to meet the more-likely-than-not threshold are recorded as a tax benefit or expense in the current year. Penalties or interest, if applicable, that may be assessed relating to income taxes would be classified as other expenses in the statements of operations. Management has reviewed all open tax years and concluded that there is no effect to the Company s financial positions or results of operations and no tax liability was required to be recorded resulting from unrecognized tax benefits relating to uncertain income tax position taken or expected to be taken on a tax return. During this period, the Company did not incur any material interest or penalties. Open tax years are those years that are open for examination by the relevant income taxing authority. As of December 31, 2022, open U.S. Federal and state income tax years include the tax years ended September 30, 2019 through September 30, 2022. The Company has no examinations in progress. Management s determinations regarding ASC 740 may be subject to review and adjustment at a later date based upon factors including, but not limited to, an on-going analysis of tax laws, regulations and interpretations thereof. 
 
 Note 3. Investments 
 Below is a summary of the Company's investment in the Master Fund, a related party: 
 End of Year Weighted Average Shares Owned of Net Year Ended No. of Shares Quarter to Date Year to Date Cost Fair Value Assets December 31, 2022 5,046,351 5,046,351 5,046,351 14,809,703 12,081,088 93.5 December 31, 2021 5,046,351 5,046,351 5,095,268 32,459,691 31,010,552 96.4 
 Restricted Securities 
 The Master Fund does not currently intend to list its common shares on any securities exchange, and it does not expect a secondary market to develop for its issued and outstanding common shares. As a result, the Company's ability to sell its Master Fund common shares is limited. Because the Master Fund common shares are being acquired in one or more transactions not involving a public offering, they are "restricted securities" and may be required to be held indefinitely. Master Fund common shares may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or otherwise disposed of unless (i) the Master Fund's consent is granted and (ii) the Master Fund common shares are registered under applicable securities laws or specifically exempted from registration (in which case the Master Fund's shareholder may, at the Master Fund's option, be required to provide the Master Fund with a legal opinion, in form and substance satisfactory to the Master Fund, that registration is not required). Accordingly, a shareholder in the Master Fund, including the Company, must be willing to bear the economic risk of investing in the Master Fund common shares. No sale, transfer, assignment, pledge or other disposition, whether voluntary or involuntary, of the Master Fund's common shares may be made except by registration of the transfer on the Master Fund's books. Each transferee will be required to execute an instrument agreeing to be bound by these restrictions and the other restrictions imposed on the Master Fund common shares and to execute such other instruments or certifications as are reasonably required by the Master Fund. 
 From October 15, 2015 through August 11, 2020, the Company acquired its investment in the Master Fund at prices ranging from 7.06 per share to 8.59 per share. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 The Master Fund has implemented a share repurchase program, whereby it conducts tender offers each calendar quarter. In accordance with the Liquidation Plan, the Master Fund s share repurchase program has been suspended effective March 30, 2021. 
 
 Note 4. Related Party Agreements and Transactions 
 The Company has entered into agreements with Guggenheim whereby the Company agrees to (i) receive expense support payments, (ii) reimburse certain expenses of, and to pay for, administrative, expense support, organization and offerings costs incurred by Guggenheim on the Company's behalf and (iii) compensate Guggenheim Funds Distributors, LLC ("GFD"), an affiliate of Guggenheim, for capital market services in connection with the marketing and distribution of the Company's Shares. 
 The memberships of the Company's Board of Trustees (the "Company's Board" or the "Board of Trustees") and the Master Fund's Board are identical and consequently the Company and the Master Fund are related parties. All of the Company's executive officers also serve as executive officers of the Master Fund. One of the Company s executive officers, Brian Binder, Senior Vice President, serves as an executive officer of Guggenheim. 
 
 50 

Notes to Financial Statements 

 Administrative Services Agreement 
 The Company is party to an administrative services agreement with Guggenheim (the "Administrative Services Agreement") whereby Guggenheim, serving as the administrator (the "Administrator"), has agreed to provide administrative services, including office facilities and equipment and clerical, bookkeeping and record-keeping services. More specifically, the Administrator performs and oversees the Company's required administrative services, which include financial and corporate record-keeping, preparing and disseminating the Company's reports to its shareholders and filing reports with the SEC. In addition, the Administrator assists in determining net asset value, overseeing the preparation and filing of tax returns, overseeing the payment of expenses and distributions and overseeing the performance of administrative and professional services rendered by others. For providing these services, facilities and personnel, the Company reimburses the Administrator the allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations under the Administrative Services Agreement. To the extent that the Administrator outsources any of its functions, the Company may pay the fees associated with such functions on a direct basis, without incremental profit to the Administrator. 
 The Administrative Services Agreement may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty: (i) by the Company upon 60 days' written notice to Guggenheim upon the vote of the Company's independent trustees or (ii) by Guggenheim upon not less than 120 days' written notice to the Company. Unless earlier terminated, the Administrative Services Agreement will remain in effect for two years, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive one-year periods if approved annually by a majority of the Board of Trustees and the Master Fund's independent trustees. 
 Dealer Manager Agreement 
 The Company is party to a dealer manager agreement with GFD (the "Dealer Manager Agreement"). Under the terms of the Dealer Manager Agreement, GFD is to act on a best efforts basis as the exclusive dealer manager for (i) the Company's Public Offering and (ii) the public offering of common shares for future feeder funds affiliated with the Master Fund. The Company, not the Master Fund, is responsible for the compensation of GFD pursuant to the terms of the Dealer Manager Agreement. The Dealer Manager Agreement may be terminated by the Company or GFD upon 60 calendar days' written notice to the other party. In the event that the Company or GFD terminates the Dealer Manager Agreement with respect to the Company, the Dealer Manager Agreement will continue with respect to any other feeder fund. 
 Organization and Offering Expense Reimbursement Agreement 
 The Company is party to an organization and offering expense reimbursement agreement (the "O O Agreement") with Guggenheim. Under the O O Agreement, the Company is to reimburse Guggenheim for organization and offering expenses incurred on the Company's behalf, including, but not limited to, legal services, audit services, printer services and the registration of securities under the Securities Act. The reimbursement of organization and offering expenses is conditional on the Company's receipt of equity capital from the sale of its Common Shares. Any such reimbursement would not exceed actual expenses incurred by Guggenheim and its affiliates. Guggenheim is responsible for the payment of the Company's cumulative organization and offering expenses to the extent they exceeded 1.5 of the aggregate proceeds from the sale of the Company's Common Shares, without recourse against or reimbursement by the Company. 
 Any costs incurred by Guggenheim related to the Initial Public Offering are no longer eligible for reimbursement. Any offering costs incurred by Guggenheim on behalf of the Company associated with the Public Offering are subject to reimbursement under the terms and conditions of the O O Agreement. Under the terms of the O O Agreement, the Company is not obligated to reimburse Guggenheim for any unreimbursed offering expenses after the close of the Company's Public Offering on December 31, 2020. 
 
 51 

Notes to Financial Statements 

 Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement 
 The Company entered into an expense support and conditional reimbursement agreement with Guggenheim whereby Guggenheim agreed to reimburse the Company monthly for expenses in an amount equal to the difference between the Company's cumulative distributions paid to its shareholders in each month less the sum of the Company's estimated investment company taxable income and net capital gains in each month. The Expense Support Agreement will automatically terminate if (i) the Master Fund terminates the Investment Advisory Agreement with Guggenheim or (ii) the Company's Board of Trustees makes a determination to dissolve or liquidate the Company. The Board of Trustees' approval of a Liquidation Plan on March 30, 2021 is deemed a liquidity event and therefore, the Expense Support Agreement is deemed terminated. 
 Upon termination of the Expense Support Agreement, Guggenheim is required to fund any amounts accrued thereunder as of the date of termination. Similarly, the conditional obligation of the Company to reimburse Guggenheim pursuant to the terms of the Expense Support Agreement shall survive the termination of the Expense Support Agreement. 
 Pursuant to the Expense Support Agreement, the Company has a conditional obligation to reimburse Guggenheim for any amounts funded by Guggenheim under this arrangement or the Prior Expense Support Agreement if (and only to the extent that), during any month occurring within three years of the date on which Guggenheim funded such amount, the sum of the Company's estimated investment company taxable income and net capital gains exceeds the ordinary cash distributions paid by the Company to its shareholders; provided, however, that (i) the Company will only reimburse Guggenheim for expense payments made by Guggenheim to the extent that the payment of such reimbursement (together with any other reimbursement paid during such fiscal year) does not cause "other operating expenses" (as defined below) (on an annualized basis and net of any expense support reimbursement payments received by the Company during such fiscal year) to exceed the lesser of (A) 1.75 of the Company's average net assets attributable to its Common Shares for the fiscal year-to-date period after taking such reimbursement payments into account and (B) the percentage of the Company's average net assets attributable to its Common Shares represented by "other operating expenses" during the fiscal year in which such expense payment from the Advisor was made (provided, however, that this clause (B) will not apply to any reimbursement payment which relates to an expense payment from Guggenheim made during the same fiscal year); and (ii) the Company will not reimburse Guggenheim for expense payments made by Guggenheim if the annualized rate of regular cash distributions declared by the Company at the time of such reimbursement payment is less than the annualized rate of regular cash distributions declared by the Company at the time Guggenheim made the expense payment to which such reimbursement payment relates. "Other operating expenses" means the Company's total "operating expenses" (as defined below), excluding any investment advisory fee, performance-based incentive fees, organization and offering expenses, interest expense, brokerage commissions and extraordinary expenses. "Operating expenses" means all operating costs and expenses incurred, as determined in accordance with GAAP for investment companies. 
 As of the Board of Trustees' approval of the Liquidation Plan, the total amount of expense support received from Guggenheim that is still eligible for reimbursement is 967,781. 
 Summary of Related Party Transactions 
 The following table presents the related party fees, expenses and transactions, excluding related transactions between the Company and the Master Fund in connection with Common Shares purchases, sales and distributions, for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, Related Party Source Agreement Description 2022 2021 2020 Related Party Expense: Guggenheim Administrative Services Agreement - expense reimbursement 73,635 120,840 188,714 Guggenheim Expense Support Agreement - expense support reimbursement to related parties 40,718 Dealer Manager (Guggenheim) Dealer Manager Agreement - sales commissions and dealer manager fees 16,900 Related Party Income: Guggenheim Expense Support Agreement - expense support from related parties 93,663 636,794 
 
 52 

Notes to Financial Statements 

 Indemnification 
 The Administrative Services Agreement provides certain indemnification to Guggenheim, its directors, officers, persons associated with Guggenheim and its affiliates. In addition, the Company's Declaration of Trust, as amended, provides certain indemnifications to its officers, trustees, agents and certain other persons. The Dealer Manager Agreement provides for certain indemnifications from the Company (with respect to the primary offering of its Common Shares) to GFD, any selected dealers and their respective officers, directors, employees, members, affiliates, agents, representatives and, if any, each person who controls such person or entity within the meaning of Section 15 of the Securities Act or Section 20 of the Exchange Act. Such indemnifications are subject to certain limitations as provided for in the Company s Declaration of Trust and the North American Securities Administrators Association Guidelines and are considered customary by management. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, management believes that the risk of incurring any losses for such indemnification is remote. 
 
 Note 5. Common Shares 
 The Company's Initial Registration Statement pertaining to its Initial Public Offering was declared effective on July 31, 2015. 
 The following table summarizes the total Common Shares issued and proceeds received in connection with the Company's Public Offerings and reinvestment of distributions for (i) the year ended December 31, 2022 and (ii) the period commencing on July 31, 2015 (inception) through December 31, 2022, including the event that the Initial Public Offering was suspended on August 23, 2017: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Inception through December 31, 2022 Shares Amount Shares Amount Gross proceeds from Public Offerings 1,959,348 50,158,691 Dealer Manager fees and commissions (890,172) Net proceeds to the Company from Public Offerings 1,959,348 49,268,519 Reinvestment of shareholders' distributions 278,752 6,762,060 Net proceeds from all issuance of Common Shares 2,238,100 56,030,579 Average net proceeds per Common Share 25.03 
 Repurchase of Common Shares 
 The following table is a summary of the quarterly tender offers, completed pursuant to the share repurchase program, during the three years ended December 31, 2022: 
 Tender Offer Termination Date Total Number of Shares Offered to Repurchase Total Number of Shares Repurchased Total Consideration Price Paid per Share No. of Shares Repurchased / Total Offer No. of Shares Repurchased / Weighted Average Shares (1) 
 2021: March 8, 2021 (2) 
 45,564 81,704 1,902,868 23.29 179.3 4.48 Total 45,564 81,704 1,902,868 179.3 2020: March 9, 2020 40,039 23,050 541,203 23.48 57.6 1.44 June 8, 2020 (3) 
 19,862 23,051 476,466 20.67 116.1 1.40 September 8, 2020 17,325 17,324 376,287 21.72 100.0 1.02 December 8, 2020 (4) 
 15,390 52,148 1,179,578 22.62 338.8 2.96 Total 92,616 115,573 2,573,534 124.8 
 _______________________ 
 (1) Weighted average shares is based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding in the prior four calendar quarters. 
 (2) The Company filed a tender offer to purchase up to 45,564 Shares on February 1, 2021. In accordance with Rule 13e-4(f), the Company determined to accept for purchase up to an additional 2.0 of our then outstanding Shares, increasing the offer to 81,704 Shares. The Company repurchased 81,704 Shares which represents approximately 59 of all Shares that were validly tendered. 
 
 53 

Notes to Financial Statements 

 (3) The Company filed a tender offer to purchase up to 19,862 Shares on May 1, 2020. In accordance with Rule 13e-4(f), the Company determined to accept for purchase up to an additional 0.2 of our then outstanding Shares, increasing the offer to 23,051 Shares. The Company repurchased 23,051 Shares which represents approximately 12 of all Shares that were validly tendered. 
 (4) The Company filed a tender offer to purchase up to 15,390 Shares on November 2, 2020. In accordance with Rule 13e-4(f), the Company determined to accept for purchase up to an additional 2.0 of our then outstanding Shares, increasing the offer to 52,148 Shares. The Company repurchased 52,148 Shares which represents approximately 25 of all Shares that were validly tendered. 
 In accordance with the Liquidation Plan, the Company s share repurchase program and distribution reinvestment plan have been suspended effective March 30, 2021. 
 
 Note 6. Distributions 
 The following table summarizes the distributions that the Company declared on its Common Shares during the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020: 
 Record Date Payment Date Distribution per Share at Record Date Distribution per Share at Payment Date Distribution Amount For Fiscal Year 2022 February 3 February 7 2.27000 2.27000 3,941,365 May 23 May 25 2.27000 2.27000 3,941,365 August 25 August 29 2.27000 2.27000 3,941,365 October 28 October 31 2.27000 2.27000 3,941,365 December 22 December 23 1.71000 1.71000 2,969,046 10.79000 18,734,506 For Fiscal Year 2021 January 11 January 13 0.09855 0.09855 178,078 February 9 February 11 0.09855 0.09855 178,443 March 8 March 9 0.09855 0.09855 178,802 June 3 June 7 2.91000 2.91000 5,052,588 August 4 August 6 2.73000 2.73000 4,740,056 November 3 November 5 0.48000 0.48000 833,415 6.41565 11,161,382 For Fiscal Year 2020 January 6, 13, 20, 27 January 29 0.03547 0.14188 247,731 February 3, 10, 17, 24 February 26 0.03547 0.14188 255,006 March 2, 9, 16, 23, 30 April 1 0.03547 0.17735 322,221 April 6, 13, 20, 27 April 29 0.03015 0.12060 218,642 May 4, 11, 18, 25, June 1, 8 June 9 0.03015 0.18090 329,563 June 15, 22, 29, July 6 July 9 0.03015 0.12060 220,304 July 13, 20, 27, August 3, 10 August 11 0.03015 0.15075 277,012 August 17, 24, 31, September 7 September 9 0.03015 0.12060 222,663 September 14, 21, 28, October 5, 2020 October 5 0.03015 0.12060 221,485 October 12, 19, 26, November 2, 9, 2020 November 10 0.03015 0.15075 278,082 November 16, 23, 30, December 7, 2020 December 9 0.02412 0.09648 178,809 1.52239 2,771,518 
 
 54 

Notes to Financial Statements 

 Note 7. Financial Highlights 
 The following per Common Share data and financial ratios have been derived from information provided in the financial statements. The following is a schedule of financial highlights during the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, December 31, 2020, December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Year Ended December 31, 2020 Year Ended December 31, 2019 Year Ended December 31, 2018 PER COMMON SHARE OPERATING PERFORMANCE Net asset value, beginning of period 18.54 22.67 23.37 24.56 25.68 Net investment income (1) 
 0.44 0.81 1.47 1.45 1.76 Net realized gains from investment in GCIF (1) 
 0.02 0.14 0.38 Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) from investment in GCIF (2) 
 (0.74) 1.48 (0.67) (0.94) (1.29) Net increase (decrease) resulting from operations (0.30) 2.29 0.82 0.65 0.85 Distributions to common shareholders (3) 
 Distributions from net investment income (3) 
 (0.54) (1.33) (1.47) (1.45) (1.76) Distributions from realized gains on investment (3) 
 (0.39) (0.19) Distributions in excess of net investment income (3) 
 (0.05) Distributions representing return of capital (3) 
 (10.26) (5.09) Net decrease resulting from distributions (10.80) (6.42) (1.52) (1.84) (1.95) Capital Share transactions Repurchase of Common Shares (0.02) Net decrease in net assets resulting from capital share transactions (0.02) Net asset value, end of period 7.44 18.54 22.67 23.37 24.56 INVESTMENT RETURNS Total investment return-net price (4) 
 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Total investment return-net asset value (4) 
 (2.98) 10.40 4.06 2.66 3.21 RATIOS/SUPPLEMENTAL DATA Net assets, end of period 12,925,546 32,182,699 40,955,678 37,529,070 39,570,591 Average net assets (5) 
 23,751,361 37,415,826 39,462,941 38,652,998 41,379,781 Common Shares outstanding, end of period 1,736,284 1,736,284 1,806,983 1,606,201 1,611,147 Weighted average Common Shares outstanding 1,736,284 1,751,870 1,822,578 1,601,576 1,622,410 Ratios-to-average net assets: (5) (6) 
 Total operating expenses 1.33 0.99 1.37 1.22 1.30 Effect of expense support received from reimbursement to (received from) the Advisors (0.25) (1.51) (0.42) 0.16 Net expenses (reimbursements) 1.33 0.74 (0.14) 0.80 1.46 Net investment income 3.19 3.77 6.78 5.99 6.89 
 ____________________ 
 (1) The per Common Share data was derived by using the weighted average Common Shares outstanding during the period presented. 
 (2) The amounts shown at this caption are the balancing figures derived from the other figures in the schedule. The amounts shown at this caption for a Common Share outstanding throughout the period may not agree with the change in the aggregate gains and losses in portfolio securities for the period because of the timing of sales of the Company s Common Shares in relation to fluctuating market values for the portfolio. 
 
 55 

Notes to Financial Statements 

 (3) The per Common Share data for distributions is the actual amount of distributions paid or payable per Common Share outstanding during the entire period; distributions per Common Share are rounded to the nearest 0.01. For income tax purposes, distributions made to shareholders are reported as ordinary income, capital gains, non-taxable return of capital or a combination thereof, based on taxable income calculated in accordance with income tax regulations which may differ from amounts determined under GAAP. The tax character of distribution shown above is an estimate since the exact amount cannot be determined at this point. As of December 31, 2022, the Company estimated distributions to be composed mostly of return of capital. The final determination of the tax character of distributions will not be made until we file our tax return. 
 (4) Total investment return-net asset value is a measure of the change in total value for shareholders who held the Company s Common Shares at the beginning and end of the period, including distributions declared during the period. Total investment return-net asset value is based on (i) net asset value per share on the first day of the period, (ii) the net asset value per share on the last day of the period, plus any shares issued in connection with the reinvestment of monthly distributions and (iii) distributions payable relating to the ownership of shares, if any, on the last day of the period. The total investment return-net asset value calculation assumes that distributions are reinvested in accordance with the Company s distribution reinvestment plan, net of sales load, on each monthly distribution payment date. Because there is no public market for the Company s shares, the terminal market value per share is assumed to be equal to net asset value per share on the last day of the period presented. Investment performance is presented without regard to sales load that may be incurred by shareholders in the purchase of the Company s Common Shares. The Company s performance changes over time and currently may be different than that shown above. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. 
 (5) The computation of average net assets during the period is based on averaging the amount on the first day of the first month of the period and the last day of each month during the period. 
 (6) The ratios-to-average net assets do not include any proportionate allocation of income and expenses incurred at the Master Fund. The Master Fund's total expenses-to-average net assets for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, December 31, 2020, December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018 were 3.30 , 5.06 , 7.30 , 7.87 , and 6.55 respectively. 
 
 Note 8. Taxable/Distributable Income 
 Income and capital gain distributions are determined in accordance with the Code and federal tax regulations, which may differ from amounts determined in accordance with GAAP. The book-to-tax basis differences, which could be material, may be due to differing treatments of income and gains on various investment securities held by the Master Fund and expenses incurred by the Master Fund. Permanent book-to-tax basis differences result in reclassifications to paid-in capital in excess of par value and accumulated distributions in excess of net investment income. Undistributed (distributions in excess of) net investment income, accumulated net realized gains and accumulated net unrealized appreciation on investments, may include temporary book and tax basis differences which will reverse in subsequent periods. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, the Master Fund made the following reclassifications of permanent book and tax basis differences: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, Capital Accounts 2022 2021 2020 Paid in capital in excess of par value (251) (34,062) (80,276) Undistributed net investment income 251 34,062 80,276 Total 
 The following table reconciles net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations to total taxable income available for distributions for the tax years ended September 30, 2022, September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020: 
 For the Tax Years Ended September 30, 2022 2021 2020 Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations (1,441,369) 528,778 (402,244) Net change in unrealized depreciation 
 2,219,674 1,411,867 3,193,017 Offering expense 251 34,062 80,276 Other book-tax difference (3,266) (6,531) 40,713 Total taxable income and gains available for distributions 775,290 1,968,176 2,911,762 
 
 56 

Notes to Financial Statements 

 The Company did not incur U.S. federal excise tax for the calendar years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 and the Company does not expect to incur a U.S. federal excise tax for the calendar year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The tax character of shareholder distributions attributable to the tax years ended September 30, 2022, September 30, 2021 and September 30, 2020 was as follows : 
 For the Tax Years Ended September 30, Paid Distributions Attributable To: 2022 2021 2020 Ordinary income 775,290 1,976,427 2,911,762 Long-term capital gains (1) 
 86,710 Return of Capital 11,882,221 8,863,843 Total 12,657,511 10,840,270 2,998,472 Paid distributions as a percentage of taxable income and gains available for distributions 1,632.6 550.8 103.0 ____________________ 
 (1) The Company designates as long term capital gain dividends, pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Section 852(b)(3). 
 As of September 30, 2022 and September 30, 2021, the components of tax basis accumulated losses were as follows: 
 As of September 30, 2022 2021 Undistributed ordinary income, net Undistributed capital gains Unrealized losses (2,275,170) (1,467,363) Other temporary adjustments (55,517) (58,782) Total accumulated loss, net (2,330,687) (1,526,145) 
 
 57 

Notes to Financial Statements 

 Note 9. Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) 
 The following table sets forth selected financial data for each quarter within the three years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020: 
 As of and for the three months ended December 31, 2022 September 30, 2022 June 30, 2022 March 31, 2022 Total investment income 180,773 205,089 255,183 430,931 Net investment income 158,662 106,323 154,943 336,901 Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investment (508,942) (198,575) (632,500) 60,541 Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations (350,280) (92,252) (477,557) 397,442 Net assets 12,925,546 20,186,237 24,219,854 28,638,776 Total investment income per Common Share outstanding - basic and diluted 0.10 0.12 0.15 0.25 Net investment income per Common Share outstanding - basic and diluted 0.09 0.06 0.09 0.19 Earnings (loss) per Common Share - basic and diluted (0.20) (0.05) (0.28) 0.23 Net asset value per Common Share at end of quarter 7.44 11.63 13.95 16.49 
 As of and for the three months ended December 31, 2021 September 30, 2021 June 30, 2021 March 31, 2021 Total investment income 253,745 275,695 637,230 519,623 Net investment income 180,136 184,681 542,206 503,609 Net realized gain from investment in Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 20 Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investment (37,273) 56,188 1,132,130 1,475,417 Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 142,863 240,869 1,674,336 1,979,046 Net assets 32,182,699 32,873,251 37,372,438 40,750,690 Total investment income per Common Share outstanding - basic and diluted 0.15 0.16 0.37 0.29 Net investment income per Common Share outstanding - basic and diluted 0.11 0.11 0.31 0.28 Earnings per Common Share - basic and diluted 0.08 0.14 0.96 1.10 Net asset value per Common Share at end of quarter 18.54 18.93 21.52 23.47 
 As of and for the three months ended December 31, 2020 September 30, 2020 June 30, 2020 March 31, 2020 Total investment income 454,427 691,787 714,064 757,302 Net investment income 490,169 695,541 687,868 801,173 Net realized gain (loss) from investment in Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 74,369 9,373 (55,496) Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investment 1,527,951 1,247,694 2,760,693 (6,679,515) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 2,092,489 1,952,608 3,393,065 (5,878,342) Net assets 40,955,678 40,084,029 38,373,535 35,493,455 Total investment income per Common Share outstanding - basic and diluted 0.25 0.38 0.39 0.42 Net investment income per Common Share outstanding - basic and diluted 0.27 0.38 0.38 0.45 Earnings (loss) per Common Share - basic and diluted 1.14 1.06 1.86 (3.29) Net asset value per Common Share at end of quarter 22.67 21.81 21.14 19.66 

58 

Notes to Financial Statements 

 Note 10. Subsequent Events 
 Management has evaluated subsequent events through the date of issuance of these financial statements and has determined that there are no subsequent events outside the ordinary scope of business that require adjustment to, or disclosure in, the financial statements except for the events below. 
 On March 13, 2023, the Company announced that John Palmer tendered his resignation as President of the Company to pursue other opportunities effective as of March 31, 2023. Mr. Palmer s decision to resign is not the result of any disagreement with the Company, its advisor or their affiliates regarding their operations, policies, practices or otherwise. 
 On March 13, 2023, the Board of Trustees appointed Matthew Bloom as President of the Company effective as of March 31, 2023. Mr. Bloom will continue to hold the positions of Chairman of the Board of Trustees and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 
 Mr. Bloom is a Senior Managing Director and Head of Research for Guggenheim s Corporate Credit Group, and has been with Guggenheim Partners since 2006. He is also a member of the Investment Committee overseeing Guggenheim s corporate credit investing activities and serves as Chairman and CEO of Guggenheim Credit Income Fund. During his career at the firm, Mr. Bloom has been an analyst covering a variety of sectors, and subsequently led an industry team that focused on investing in the Consumer, Financial, Food, Gaming, Industrials, Retail, Services Transportation sectors. In addition, in his capacity as a senior analyst and as a team leader, Mr. Bloom has sourced and structured directly negotiated middle market debt investments. Prior to joining Guggenheim, Mr. Bloom worked as an attorney at Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher Flom in the Mergers Acquisitions and Banking Institutional Investing groups. Mr. Bloom received his B.S. from University of Florida and his J.D. from Columbia University School of Law. 
 On March 13, 2023 the Board of Trustees approved the Company s liquidating distribution of 1.98 per share of common shares. The distribution will be recorded on March 22, 2023 and paid in cash to the investors on March 23, 2023. 

59 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 There are no and have not been any disagreements between the Company and its independent accountant on any matter of accounting principles, practices or financial statement disclosure. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures include internal controls and other procedures designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in this and other reports filed under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the required time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. It should be noted that no system of controls can provide complete assurance of achieving a company s objectives and that future events may impact the effectiveness of a system of controls. 
 Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, after conducting an evaluation, together with members of our management, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act, were effective as of December 31, 2022 at a reasonable level of assurance. 
 Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. 
 Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, we used criteria set forth in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 COSO Framework). Based on our assessment, management concluded that, at December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. 
 This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to SEC rules that exempt us from the requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 During the most recent fiscal quarter, there was no change in our internal controls over financial reporting, as defined under Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information. 
 None. 
 
 60 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 Board of Trustees 
 Pursuant to the Company s Declaration of Trust and bylaws, the Company s business and affairs are managed under the direction of the Board of Trustees, which has overall responsibility for monitoring and overseeing the Company s management and operations. The Board of Trustees consists of five members, three of whom are considered Independent Trustees. The initial Trustees were elected by the Company's organizational shareholders. The Trustees are subject to removal or replacement in accordance with Delaware law and the Company s Declaration of Trust. 
 Messrs. Goodman, Rosenblatt and Roth are Independent Trustees, defined as Trustees who (i) are not interested persons of the Company as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act, and (ii) meet the independence requirements of Section 10A(m)(3) of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder and under the Securities Act. 
 The responsibilities of the Board of Trustees include the oversight of our corporate governance activities. 
 The Board of Trustees currently has an Independent Trustees Committee, an Audit Committee and a Nominating and Governance Committee, and it may establish additional committees from time to time as necessary to fulfill its obligations. The Board of Trustees has not established a compensation committee because the executive officers of the Company do not receive any compensation from the Company. The Master Fund's Board of Trustees, as a whole, participates in the consideration of Independent Trustee compensation and its decisions on Independent Trustee compensation are based on, among other things, a review of director and trustee compensation data for comparable BDCs. 
 Biographies of Interested Trustees 
 Matthew S. Bloom serves as Senior Managing Director and Co-Head of Guggenheim s Corporate Credit Group, and has been with Guggenheim Partners since 2006. He is also a member of the Investment Committee overseeing Guggenheim s corporate credit investing activities and serves as Chairman and CEO of Guggenheim Credit Income Fund. He has over 15 years of experience in the high yield, leveraged loan and private debt markets. During his career at the firm, Mr. Bloom has been an analyst covering a variety of sectors, and subsequently led an industry team that focused on investing in the consumer, financial, food, gaming, industrials, retail, services and transportation sectors. In addition, Mr. Bloom has served as the Head of Research. Prior to joining Guggenheim, Mr. Bloom worked as an attorney at Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher Flom in the Mergers Acquisitions and Banking Institutional Investing groups. Mr. Bloom received his B.S. from University of Florida and his J.D. from Columbia University School of Law. 
 Mr. Bloom was selected as an Interested Trustee because of his extensive knowledge of corporate credit investing activities and the Master Fund's business and operations. Additionally, his experience as Co-Head of Guggenheim s Corporate Credit Group and an Investment Committee Member at Guggenheim Partners is particularly relevant to his trusteeship, and which we believe provides us with exceptional experience and leadership. 
 Biographies of Independent Trustees 
 Marc S. Goodman serves as an Independent Trustee, a member of the Audit Committee and the Independent Trustees Committee, and as Chairman of the Nominating and Governance Committee. He is a Co-Founder and Managing Director of Conyers Consulting Group, LLC, a consulting firm for asset management companies. Until March 31, 2014, he was Co-Executive Chairman and Global Co-Chief Investment Officer of the Kenmar Olympia Group. Prior to that Mr. Goodman was the President, Co-Chief Executive Officer and Co-Chief Investment Officer of The Kenmar Group. Prior to co-founding The Kenmar Group in 1983, Mr. Goodman was a Vice President and Director of Pasternak, Baum and Co., Inc., a global dealer of cash commodities. Mr. Goodman graduated from the Bernard M. Baruch School of Business of the City University of New York with a BBA degree and an MBA in Finance and Investments. He was awarded an Economics and Finance Department Fellowship during his studies. Mr. Goodman is the Chairman of the Board of the Stacy Joy Goodman Memorial Foundation, a non-profit charity committed to finding a cure for juvenile diabetes. Mr. Goodman also serves on the Diabetes Research Institute Foundation s National Board and Executive Committee, as well as the Foundation s Northeast Board and its Executive Committee. 
 Mr. Goodman was selected as one of our three Independent Trustees because of his experience in the asset management industry and as a chief investment officer; as well as his prior and current experience as a director for other non-traditional funds. 
 
 61 

Eric Rosenblatt serves as an Independent Trustee, a member of the Audit Committee and the Nominating and Governance Committee, and as Chairman of the Independent Trustees Committee. He is the President and Founder of R Group AG ("R Group"), which he founded in 2012. R Group is a financial advisory firm based in Switzerland that serves high net worth individuals. R Group focuses on the due diligence, structuring and monitoring of direct investments (specifically private equity and private debt) and their integration into pre-existing or currently developing financial relationships. From 2004 to 2009, Mr. Rosenblatt was a Vice President at Guggenheim Partners. During his tenure at Guggenheim Partners, he oversaw a portfolio of over 2 billion across multiple asset classes; these included private and public equity, high yield and investment grade bonds, credit default swaps, corporate bank debt and distressed loans. Mr. Rosenblatt holds a BS in Physics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and an MBA from the New York University Stern School of Business, where he was inducted into the Beta Gamma Sigma Honors Society. 
 Mr. Rosenblatt was selected as one of our three Independent Trustees because of his knowledge of portfolio management across multiple asset classes and as a director for private companies. 
 Peter E. Roth serves as an Independent Trustee and a member of the Nominating and Governance Committee and the Independent Trustees Committee, and as Chairman of the Audit Committee. He is the Managing Partner of the Rothpoint Group llc, a consulting firm specializing in the financial services industry. 
 Mr. Roth is a Non-Executive Director and Senior Independent Director of the City of London Investment Group plc, a publicly traded (London Stock Exchange) asset management firm. He is also Chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of the Nomination Committee and Remuneration Committee. Mr. Roth serves as a Director of the Stone Point Credit Corporation and is Chairman of the Audit Committee and a Member of the Nomination and Governance Committee. In the non-profit sector, he is on the Board of St. Mary s Healthcare System for Children and is Chairman of the Finance Committee and a member of the Executive Committee. 
 Prior to establishing Rothpoint, Mr. Roth had a 35 year plus career in the financial services industry. He was the head of investment banking at Fox, Pitt, Kelton Inc. for thirteen years and a member of the firm s Operating Committee. At Keefe, Bruyette Woods, he joined as the Head of Insurance Investment Banking and later became the Chief Executive Officer of KBW Asset Management, an SEC registered investment firm specializing in the financial services sector. He served on the firm s Operating Committee and was a member of the Board of Directors of KBW, Inc. at the time of its initial public offering. Mr. Roth received a Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Pennsylvania and Master s of Business Administration from The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. 
 Mr. Roth was selected as one of our three Independent Trustees because of his prior experience in capital raising transactions and strategic planning and his leadership roles at several firms in the financial service industry. He also has finance expertise which, we believe, is beneficial in providing leadership on the Audit Committee. 
 Supplemental information regarding our Trustees is set forth below. Unless otherwise noted, the address for each Trustee is c/o Guggenheim Credit Income Fund, 330 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10017. The same five Trustees also serve on each of the Master Fund's and Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2016T's Board of Trustees where they have overall responsibility for overseeing management and operations for those affiliated funds. As of December 31, 2022, the master fund/feeder fund complex consisted of the Master Fund, Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2016T and the Company (collectively, the "GCIF Master/Feeder Complex"), each entity representing a distinct trust with a class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act. 
 62 

Name and Age of Trustee 
 Position(s) Held with Company 
 Term of Office-Length of Time Served 
 Principal Occupation(s) Past Five Years (1) 
 Other Directorships Held by Trustee 
 Interested Trustees (2) 
 Matthew S. Bloom, 45 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Trustees 
 Appointed 2017 Senior Managing Director and Head of Research, Guggenheim Partners, (2006-present). GCIF Master/Feeder Complex (2017-present). Independent Trustees 
 Marc S. Goodman, 74 
 Trustee, Chairman of the Nominating and Governance Committee, Member of the Audit Committee, Member of the Independent Trustees Committee 
 Appointed 2015 
 Managing Director, Conyers Consulting Group, (2014-present); Managing Director, Statsure Financial Services (2017-present); Co-Executive Chairman, Co-Chief Investment Officer, Kenmar Olympia Group, (1983-2014). 
 GCIF Master/Feeder Complex (2015-present); Director, Duet Commodities Fund Limited, (2014-2017); Director, Electrum Special Acquisition Corporation, (2015-2018). Eric Rosenblatt, 40 Trustee, Chairman of the Independent Trustees Committee, Member of the Audit Committee, Member of the Nominating and Governance Committee Appointed 2015 President/Founder and Director, R Group AG, (2012-present). GCIF Master/Feeder Complex (2015-present); Director, R Group AG, (2012-present); Director, R Capital GmbH, (2015-present); Director, R investments GmbH, (2018-present). Peter E. Roth, 64 Trustee, Chairman of the Audit Committee (3) , Member of the Nominating and Governance Committee, Member of the Independent Trustees Committee 
 Appointed 2015 Managing Partner, Rothpoint Group llc, (2017-present); Managing Partner, JP Charter Oak Advisors llc, (2012-2018); Chief Executive Officer, KBW Asset Management, Inc., (2006-2012). 
 GCIF Master/Feeder Complex (2015-present); Non Executive Director, City of London Investment Group plc, (2019-present); Non Executive Director, City of London Investment Management, (2019-present); Board Member, St. Mary s Healthcare System for Children, (2010-present); Director, Stone Point Credit Corporation (2020 - Present). 
 ________ 
 (1) Guggenheim Partners is an affiliate of the Company. 
 (2) Messrs. Bloom, our Interested Trustee, is a senior executive of Guggenheim who provides services to us. 
 (3) Our Board of Trustees has determined that Independent Trustee and Audit Committee Chairman Peter E. Roth is an "audit committee financial expert" as that term is defined under Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act. 
 Executive Officers 
 Information regarding our executive officers is set forth below. Unless otherwise noted, the address for each executive officer is c/o Guggenheim Credit Income Fund, 330 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10017. The six executive officers identified below also serve as executive officers of the Master Fund and Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2016 T in the same positions. The Company does not have any employees. 
 
 63 

Name and Age of Officer 
 Position(s) Held with Company 
 Term of Office-Length of Time Served 
 Principal Occupation(s) 
 Past Five Years (1) 
 Other Directorships Held by Officer 
 Matthew S. Bloom, 45 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Trustees 
 Appointed 2017 
 Senior Managing Director and Head of Research, Guggenheim Partners, (2006-present). GCIF Master/Feeder Complex (2017 - present). James Howley, 51 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Appointed 2022 Chief Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, Treasurer, Guggenheim Partners (2022-present); Asset Treasurer (2004-2022). None Amy J. Lee, 61 Secretary and Chief Legal Officer Appointed 2018 
 
 Current: Interested Trustee, certain other funds in the Fund Complex (2) (2018-present); Chief Legal Officer, certain other funds in the Fund Complex (2014-present); Vice President, certain other funds in the Fund Complex (2007-present); Senior Managing Director, Guggenheim Investments (2012-present). 
 
 Former: President and Chief Executive Officer, certain other funds in the Fund Complex (2017-2019); Vice President, Associate General Counsel and Assistant Secretary, Security Benefit Life Insurance Company and Security Benefit Corporation (2004-2012). 
 
 Guggenheim Fund Complex (2) (2018-present) 
 John V. Palmer, 38 President Appointed 2015 
 Current: Director, Guggenheim Partners Investment Management, LLC (2017-present). Former: First Vice President, W. P. Carey Inc., (2014-2017); First Vice President, Carey Credit Advisors, LLC, (2014-2017); Director of Fund Management, CNL Financial Group, LLC, (2009-2014). None 
 Brian E. Binder, 51 Senior Vice President Appointed 2018 
 
 Current: President and Chief Executive Officer, certain other funds in the Guggenheim Fund Complex (2) (2018-present); President and Chief Executive Officer, Guggenheim Funds Investment Advisors, LLC and Security Investors, LLC (2018-present); Senior Managing Director and Chief Administrative Officer, Guggenheim Investments (2018-present). 
 
 Former: Managing Director and President, Deutsche Funds, and Head of US Product, Trading and Fund Administration, Deutsche Asset Management (2013-2018); Managing Director, Head of Business Management and Consulting, Invesco Ltd. (2010-2012). 
 
 Director, Guggenheim Partners Fund Management (Europe) Limited, (2018 - present). 
 Chairman of the Board of Managers, Guggenheim Funds investment Advisors, LLC, (2018 - present). 
 Joanna M. Catalucci, 56 Chief Compliance Officer and Anti- Money Laundering Officer Appointed 2018 
 
 Current: Chief Compliance Officer, certain funds in the Guggenheim Fund Complex (2) (2012-present); Senior Managing Director, Guggenheim Investments (2012-present). 
 
 Former: Chief Compliance Officer and Secretary, certain other funds in the Guggenheim Fund Complex (2008-2012); Senior Vice President Chief Compliance Officer, Security Investors, LLC and certain affiliates (2010-2012); Chief Compliance Officer and Senior Vice President, Rydex Advisors, LLC and certain affiliates (2010-2011). 

Member of Board of Trustees, Merrimack College, (2018 - present). 
 ______________ 
 64 

(1) Guggenheim, Guggenheim Partners, W. P. Carey Inc. and CCA, are affiliates of the Company for all or a portion of 2017. 
 (2) The Guggenheim Fund Complex includes all registered closed- and open-end funds (including all of their portfolios) advised by the Advisor and any funds that have an investment adviser or servicing agent that is an affiliated person of the Advisor. 
 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 
 Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires that Trustees, Executive Officers and persons who are the beneficial owners of more than 10 of our Common Shares file reports of their ownership and changes in ownership of our Common Shares with the SEC and to furnish us with copies of all such Section 16 reports that they file. Based solely upon a review of the copies of such reports furnished to us as filed with the SEC and other written representations that no other reports were required to be filed during the year, the Company believes that all Trustees, Executive Officers and beneficial owners of 10 or more of our Common Shares were in compliance with the reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act during 2022. 
 Code of Ethics 
 The Company adopted a code of ethics pursuant to Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act that establishes procedures for personal investments and restricts certain personal securities transactions. Persons subject to this code of ethics may invest in securities for their personal investment accounts, including securities that may be purchased or held by us, so long as such investments are made in accordance with the requirements of the code of ethics. A copy of our code of ethics is available at www.guggenheiminvestments.com/credit-income-fund/corporate-governance . 
 Corporate Governance 
 Board of Trustees Leadership Structure 
 Our business and affairs are managed under the direction of our Board of Trustees. Among other things, our Board of Trustees sets broad policies for us and approves the appointment of our Advisor, administrator and officers. The role of our Board of Trustees, and of any individual Trustee, is one of oversight and not of management of our day-to-day affairs. 
 Under our Bylaws, our Board of Trustees may designate one of our Trustees as Chairman to preside over meetings of our Board of Trustees and meetings of shareholders, and to perform such other duties as may be assigned to him or her by our Board of Trustees. Presently, Mr. Bloom serves as Chairman of our Board of Trustees and is an interested person by virtue of his professional association with Guggenheim. We believe that it is in the best interests of our shareholders for Mr. Bloom to serve as Chairman of our Board of Trustees because of his experience in matters of relevance to our business. Our Board of Trustees has determined that the compositions of the Audit Committee and the Independent Trustees Committee are appropriate means to address any potential conflicts of interest that may arise from the Chairman s status as an interested person of us. We believe that our Board of Trustees flexibility to determine its Chairman and reorganize its leadership structure from time to time is in the best interests of us and our shareholders. 
 Our Independent Trustees have designated an Independent Trustee, who is also the Chairman of the Independent Trustees Committee, to serve as the lead Independent Trustee on our Board of Trustees. The designation of a lead Independent Trustee is for an indefinite term, but may be voted on from time to time. The lead Independent Trustee may succeed himself or herself in that position. If the lead Independent Trustee is unavailable for a meeting, his or her immediate predecessor or an Independent Trustee designated by the other Independent Trustees will serve as lead Independent Trustee for such meeting. The lead Independent Trustee presides over meetings of our Independent Trustees Committee. The lead Independent Trustee also serves as a liaison between our Independent Trustees Committee and our management on a wide variety of matters, including agenda items for our Board of Trustees meetings. Designation as such does not impose on the lead Independent Trustee any obligations or standards greater than or different from those of our other Trustees. 
 All of the Independent Trustees play an active role on the Board of Trustees. The Independent Trustees compose a majority of our Board of Trustees and are closely involved in all material deliberations related to us. Our Board of Trustees believes that, with these practices, each Independent Trustee has an equal involvement in the actions and oversight role of our Board of Trustees and equal accountability to us and our shareholders. Our Independent Trustees are expected to meet separately (i) as part of each regular Board of Trustees meeting, and (ii) with our chief compliance officer, as part of at least one Board of Trustees meeting each year. Our Independent Trustees Committee may hold additional meetings at the request of the lead Independent Trustee or another Independent Trustee. 
 65 

Our Board of Trustees, which reviews its leadership structure periodically as part of its self-assessment process, further believes that its structure is presently appropriate to enable it to exercise its oversight of us. 
 Board of Trustees Role in Risk Oversight 
 Our Board of Trustees oversees our business and operations, including certain risk management functions. Risk management is a broad concept comprising many disparate elements (for example, investment risk, issuer and counterparty risk, compliance risk, operational risk and business continuity risk). Our Board of Trustees implements its risk oversight function both as a whole and through its committees. In the course of providing oversight, our Board of Trustees and its committees receive reports on our Advisor's activities, including reports regarding our investment portfolio and financial accounting and reporting. Our Board of Trustees also receives a quarterly report from our Chief Compliance Officer, who reports on our compliance with federal and state securities laws and our internal compliance policies and procedures, as well as those of our Advisor, Dealer Manager, administrator and transfer agent. The Audit Committee s meetings with our independent public accounting firm also contribute to its oversight of certain internal control risks. In addition, our Board of Trustees meets periodically with our Advisor to receive reports regarding our operations, including reports on certain investment and operational risks, and our Independent Trustees are encouraged to communicate directly with senior members of our management. 
 Our Board of Trustees believes that this role in risk oversight is appropriate. We believe that we have robust internal processes in place and a strong internal control environment to identify and manage risks. However, not all risks that may affect us can be identified, or processes and controls developed to eliminate or mitigate their occurrence or effects, and some risks are beyond the control of us, our Advisor, the administrator and our other service providers. 
 Board of Trustees Committees - Independent Trustees Committee, Audit Committee, Nominating and Governance Committee 
 Our Independent Trustees also serve on one or more of the following committees, which have been established by our Board of Trustees to handle certain designated responsibilities. The Board of Trustees has designated a Chairman of each committee. The Board of Trustees may establish additional committees, change the membership of any committee, fill all vacancies, designate alternate members to replace any absent or disqualified member of any committee or dissolve any committee as it deems necessary and in our best interest. 
 Independent Trustees Committee . Our Independent Trustees Committee consists of all of our Independent Trustees. Mr. Rosenblatt currently serves as Chairman of the Independent Trustees Committee. The Independent Trustees Committee assists the Board of Trustees by acting as a liaison between the Board of Trustees and our principal service providers, including without limitation, our Advisor. The Independent Trustees Committee is responsible for assessing the flow of information between our management and the Board of Trustees and overseeing the annual approval process of the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administrative Services Agreement. The Independent Trustees Committee is also responsible for addressing conflict of interest matters and directing the retention of any consultants that the Board of Trustees may deem necessary or appropriate. Time is allotted at each quarterly meeting of our Board of Trustees for the Independent Trustees to meet and discuss any issues that they deem necessary or appropriate. The Independent Trustees may also choose to meet in executive session outside the presence of the Interested Trustees during the course of other meetings of our Board of Trustees or at other times as they deem necessary or appropriate. 
 Audit Committee . Our Audit Committee consists of all of our Independent Trustees, each of whom meets the independence standards established by the SEC for audit committees and is not an interested person for purposes of the 1940 Act. Mr. Roth serves as Chairman of the Audit Committee. Our Board of Trustees has determined that Mr. Roth is an audit committee financial expert as that term is defined under Item 407 of Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act. The Audit Committee operates pursuant to a written charter and meets periodically as necessary. A copy of the Audit Committee s charter is available on our website at www.guggenheiminvestments.com/credit-income-fund/corporate-governance . The Audit Committee is responsible for selecting, engaging and discharging our independent accountants; reviewing the plans, scope and results of the audit engagement with our independent accountants; approving professional services provided by our independent accountants (including compensation therefore); reviewing the independence of our independent accountants and reviewing the adequacy of our internal controls over financial reporting. 
 66 

Nominating and Governance Committee . Our Nominating and Governance Committee consists of all of our Independent Trustees. Mr. Goodman serves as Chairman of the Nominating and Governance Committee. The Nominating and Governance Committee operates pursuant to a written charter and meets periodically as necessary. A copy of the Nominating and Governance Committee s charter is available on our website at www.guggenheiminvestments.com/credit-income-fund/corporate-governance . The Nominating and Governance Committee is responsible for selecting, researching and nominating Trustees for election by our shareholders, selecting nominees to fill vacancies on the Board of Trustees or a committee of the Board of Trustees, developing and recommending to the Board of Trustees a set of corporate governance principles and overseeing the evaluation of the Board of Trustees and our management. Our Nominating and Governance Committee will consider shareholders proposed nominations for Trustees. A shareholder who desires to recommend a nominee must submit a request in writing pursuant to the relevant provisions of our bylaws. Our Nominating and Governance Committee will consider nominees recommended in writing by a shareholder (other than shareholder recommendations of himself or herself) to serve as Trustees, provided that: (i) such person is a shareholder of our Company at the time he, she or it recommends such nominee and is entitled to vote at the meeting of shareholders at which Trustees will be elected; and (ii) the committee will make the final determination as to the qualifications of the individual to be nominated. The committee will evaluate each nominee recommended by a shareholder to serve as Trustee in the same manner as it would evaluate potential nominees identified by the committee. 
 The Delaware Trustee 
 Wilmington Trust, National Association (the Delaware Trustee serves as our sole Trustee in the State of Delaware. The Delaware Trustee s principal offices are located at 1100 North Market Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19890. The Delaware Trustee is unaffiliated with us. The rights and duties of the Delaware Trustee are governed by the provisions of the Delaware Statutory Trust Act and by our Declaration of Trust. 
 The Delaware Trustee will accept service of legal process on us in the State of Delaware. The duties of the Delaware Trustee are limited to the execution of any certificates required to be filed with the Delaware Secretary of State, which the Delaware Trustee is required to execute under the Delaware Statutory Trust Act. The Delaware Trustee does not owe any other duties to us or our shareholders. The Declaration of Trust provides that the Delaware Trustee is permitted to resign upon at least 30 days notice to us, provided, that any such resignation will not be effective until a successor trustee is appointed by our Board of Trustees or a court of competent jurisdiction, or a successor is appointed by a court of competent jurisdiction pursuant to a court petition by the Delaware Trustee. The Declaration of Trust provides that the Delaware Trustee is compensated by us in accordance with a separate fee agreement, and is indemnified by us, as appropriate, against any and all losses, damages, liabilities, claims, actions, suits, costs, expenses, disbursements (including the reasonable fees and expenses of counsel), taxes and penalties of any kind and nature whatsoever, to the extent such expenses arise out of or are imposed upon the Delaware Trustee with respect to the performance of its duties pursuant to our Declaration of Trust, or the formation, operation or termination of the Company. The Delaware Trustee shall not be indemnified by us for any expenses that result from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of the Delaware Trustee. Our Board of Trustees has discretion to replace the Delaware Trustee. 
 Under Delaware law, neither the Delaware Trustee, either in its capacity as Delaware Trustee or in its individual capacity, nor any director, officer or controlling person of the Delaware Trustee is, or has any liability as, the issuer or a Trustee, officer or controlling person of the issuer. 
 Under our Declaration of Trust, the Delaware Trustee s duties are limited to (i) accepting legal process served on the Company in Delaware and (ii) execution of any certificates required to be filed with the Delaware Secretary of State that the Delaware Trustee is required to execute under Section 3811 of the Delaware Statutory Trust Act. The Delaware Trustee has no duty or liability to supervise or monitor the performance of our Board of Trustees, nor does the Delaware Trustee have any liability for the acts or omissions of our Board of Trustees. Because the Delaware Trustee delegates substantially all of its authority over our operations to our Board of Trustees, the Delaware Trustee itself is not registered in any capacity with the SEC. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 (a) Compensation of Executive Officers 
 As an externally managed BDC, we rely on the services of Guggenheim as investment advisor under the Investment Advisory Agreement. Guggenheim also provides administrative services to the Company under an Administrative Services Agreement. Of the Company s executive officers, Kevin Robinson, Senior Vice President, and Brian Binder, Senior Vice President, serve as executive officers of Guggenheim. None of the Company's executive officers receive direct compensation from us. Guggenheim is reimbursed by us for the allocable portion of administrative services performed by some of the Company's executive officers. 
 67 

(b) Compensation of Independent Trustees 
 The Board of Trustees is responsible for evaluating and approving trustee compensation; making decisions on trustee compensation, which are based on, among other things, a review of compensation data of comparable BDCs and investment companies. 
 In fiscal year 2022, the compensation schedule for each Independent Trustee consisted of a 70,000 annual retainer fee, 2,500 for participation in each regular in-person Board of Trustees meetings, 1,000 for (i) all committee meetings held during any regular Board of Trustees meeting and (ii) telephonic meetings of the Board of Trustees and committees, 250 for consideration and approval of resolutions submitted for unanimous written consent, and reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with attending via conference call and webinar of the Board of Trustees and committee. In addition, the Audit Committee chairman was compensated with a 10,000 annual retainer fee. The table below sets forth the compensation received by each Independent Trustee from the Master Fund for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022; the Independent Trustees did not receive any additional compensation from the Feeder Funds and compensation for the Delaware Trustee and Independent Trustees' travel expenses are not included in the table below. 
 INDEPENDENT TRUSTEE COMPENSATION Fiscal Year ended December 31, 2022 Independent Trustee Names Total fees earned and received in cash Marc S. Goodman 93,000 Eric Rosenblatt 93,000 Peter E. Roth 103,000 289,000 
 In fiscal year 2022, there were no changes to the compensation schedule for each Independent Trustee. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. 
 The following table sets forth, as of the date of this Report, information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our Shares by: 
 each person known to us to beneficially own more than 5 of the outstanding Common Shares, 
 each of our Trustees and each executive officer, and 
 all of our Trustees and executive officers as a group. 
 Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the securities. There are no Shares subject to options that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Report. Ownership information for those persons who beneficially own 5 or more of our Shares is based upon information furnished by the our transfer agent and other information provided by such persons, if available. A shareholder that owns more than 25 of our Shares is deemed to control us (as such term is defined in the 1940 Act). 
 
 68 

Name of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number Percentage of current ownership (2) 
 Beneficial Owners of More Than 5 : None Trustees and Executive Officers: Trustees: Matthew S. Bloom (3) 
 Marc S. Goodman Eric Rosenblatt Peter E. Roth Executive Officers: James Howley, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Amy J. Lee, Secretary and Chief Legal Officer Brian Binder, Senior Vice President John V. Palmer, President 1,407 0.1 Joanna M. Catalucci, Chief Compliance Officer and Anti-Money Laundering Officer All Trustees and Executive Officers as a group (9 persons): 1,407 0.1 
 _____________________ 
 (1) Beneficial ownership has been determined in accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act. 
 (2) Based on a total of 1,736,284 Common Shares issued and outstanding as of March 14, 2023. 
 (3) Matthew S. Bloom is also the Chief Executive Officer of the registrant. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Trustee Independence. 
 Potential Conflicts of Interest 
 The members, directors, officers and other personnel of Guggenheim allocate their time between advising us and managing other investment and business affairs in an appropriate manner. However, Guggenheim will continue to devote the time, resources and other services necessary to managing its other investment and business activities and Guggenheim is not precluded from conducting activities unrelated to our business affairs. As a result of these business activities, Guggenheim may have conflicts of interest in allocating management time, services and functions among us and other business ventures or clients. 
 We may compete with other advisory clients or affiliates of Guggenheim for investments, subjecting Guggenheim and its affiliates to certain conflicts of interest in evaluating the suitability of investment opportunities or making acquisitions on our behalf. 
 Guggenheim and its respective affiliates may give advice and recommend securities to other clients which may differ from advice given to, or securities recommended or bought for, us even though their investment objectives may be similar to ours. As a result, Guggenheim may at certain times be simultaneously seeking to purchase or dispose of investments for the Master Fund and for other clients for which they serve as advisor. 
 To the extent not restricted by confidentiality requirements or applicable law, Guggenheim may apply experience and information gained in providing services to our portfolio companies in providing services to competing companies invested in by our affiliates other clients. 
 As a BDC, the Master Fund is limited in its ability to invest in any portfolio company in which an affiliate s other client has an investment. The Master Fund is also limited in its ability to co-invest in a portfolio company with Guggenheim or one or more of its affiliates. Some of these co-investments are only permitted pursuant to reliance on previous no-action letters or an exemptive order from the SEC. 
 69 

From time to time, and to the extent consistent with the 1940 Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or with the co-investment transaction exemptive relief the Master Fund received from the SEC, the Master Fund and other clients for which Guggenheim provides investment management services or carries on investment activities may make investments at different levels of an investment entity s capital structure or otherwise in different classes of an issuer s securities. These investments may inherently give rise to conflicts of interest or perceived conflicts of interest between or among the various classes of securities that may be held by the Master Fund and such other clients, including in the case of financial distress of the investment entity. 
 From time to time, and to the extent consistent with the 1940 Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, or with the co-investment transaction exemptive relief the Master Fund received from the SEC, Guggenheim and its affiliates may receive capital structuring fees and loan administration fees in connection with our investments. Guggenheim and its affiliates are obligated to remit to the Master Fund any earned capital structuring fees and loan administration fees based on its pro rata portion of the co-investment transactions in which it participates. 
 Guggenheim and its affiliates may advise a broad range of investment funds, vehicles and other accounts, including proprietary vehicles, that make investments worldwide. Guggenheim may also make investments for its own account. 
 By reason of the advisory, investment banking and/or other activities of Guggenheim and its affiliates, Guggenheim may acquire confidential or material non-public information or be restricted from initiating transactions in certain securities. This may also happen if, for example, any members of the board of directors of a portfolio company are nominated or designated by Guggenheim or any of its affiliates. Guggenheim will not be free to divulge, or to act upon, any such confidential or material non-public information, and because of these restrictions, Guggenheim may not be able to initiate a transaction for the Master Fund that they otherwise might have initiated (including taking a new position or adding to an existing position). As a result, the Master Fund may be frozen in an investment position that it otherwise might have liquidated or closed out, or may not be able to acquire a position that it might otherwise have acquired. 
 Guggenheim and its affiliates are not restricted from forming additional investment funds, from entering into other investment advisory relationships, or from engaging in other business activities, even though such activities may compete with us or may require substantial resources. 
 Guggenheim may have, or enter into, advisory relationships with other advisory clients that could lead to circumstances in which a conflict of interest between Guggenheim and its advisory clients could exist or develop. In addition, to the extent that another client of Guggenheim holds a different class of securities of the same issuer than the Master Fund, the interest of such client and the interest of the Master Fund may not be aligned. As a result of these conflicts and restrictions, Guggenheim may be unable to implement the investment strategies of the Master Fund as effectively as they could have in the absence of such conflicts or restrictions. In order to avoid these conflicts and restrictions, Guggenheim may choose to exit these investments prematurely and, as a result, we, through our investment in the Master Fund, would forgo any future positive return associated with such investments. 
 No rebates or give-ups may be received by Guggenheim or its affiliates, nor may Guggenheim participate in any reciprocal business arrangements that would circumvent the prohibition of rebates or give-ups. 
 Various potential and actual conflicts of interest may arise as a result of the investment banking, commercial banking, asset management, financing and financial advisory services and products provided by Guggenheim and its affiliates. Guggenheim and its affiliates may purchase, hold and sell, both for its accounts or for the account of its clients, on a principal or agency basis, loans, securities and other obligations and financial instruments and engage in private equity investment activities. Subject to applicable law, Guggenheim and its affiliates will not be restricted in their performance of any such services or in the types of debt or equity investments that they may make. In conducting the foregoing activities, Guggenheim and its affiliates will be acting for their own account or the account of their clients and, subject to applicable law, will have no obligation to act in the interest of the Company. 
 
 70 

Transactions with Related Persons, Promoters and Certain Control Persons 
 Guggenheim may be deemed a promoter and control person of the Master Fund. From inception through September 10, 2017, the Master Fund was party to the Prior Investment Advisory Agreement and the Prior Administrative Services Agreement with CCA. On August 10, 2017, CCA resigned as the Master Fund's investment advisor and administrator, and the Board of Trustees selected Guggenheim to perform the Master Fund's investment advisory and administrative responsibilities, both events concurrently effective on September 11, 2017. The Master Fund is currently party to the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administrative Services Agreement with Guggenheim. Guggenheim earns investment advisory fees, performance-based incentive fees and is reimbursed for the costs of providing administrative services. 
 Under the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement, Guggenheim is responsible for performing the following tasks: 
 determining the composition and allocation of the Master Fund's portfolio, the nature and timing of the changes to its portfolio and the manner of implementing such strategies; 
 identifying, evaluating, negotiating and structuring the investments made by the Master Fund; 
 performing due diligence on prospective portfolio companies; 
 executing, closing, servicing and monitoring the investments made by the Master Fund; 
 arrangement of debt financing; 
 determining the securities and other assets that the Master Fund will purchase, retain or sell; and 
 providing the Master Fund with such other investment advisory, research and related services as the Master Fund may, from time to time, reasonably require for the investment of its capital. Guggenheim is responsible for identifying, evaluating, negotiating and structuring the Master Fund's investments. These activities will be carried out by its investment teams and are subject to the oversight of Guggenheim s senior investment personnel. Certain affiliated co-investment transactions, to the extent permitted by an SEC exemptive order, may require the additional approval of our Independent Trustees Committee. 
 During 2022 and 2021, the Master Fund incurred 2.0 million and 4.5 million in management fees, respectively, which were payable to Guggenheim. 
 Guggenheim also oversees our day-to-day operations, including the provision of general ledger accounting, fund accounting, investor relations and other administrative services. Guggenheim also performs, or oversees the performance of, our corporate operations and required administrative services, which includes being responsible for the financial records that we are required to maintain and preparing reports for our shareholders and reports filed with the SEC. In addition, Guggenheim assists us in calculating our net asset value, oversees the preparation and filing of tax returns, the printing and dissemination of reports to our shareholders and generally oversees the payment of our expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to us by others. 
 For providing these services, facilities and personnel, we reimburse Guggenheim for administrative expenses it incurs in performing its obligations. The amount of this reimbursement is set at the lesser of (i) Guggenheim s actual costs and (ii) the amount that we would be required to pay for comparable administrative services in the same geographic location. Guggenheim is required to allocate the cost of such services to us based on objective factors such as total assets, revenues, time allocations and/or other reasonable metrics. Our Board of Trustees assesses the reasonableness of such reimbursements based on the breadth, depth and quality of such services as compared to the estimated cost to us of obtaining similar services from third-party providers known to be available. In addition, our Board of Trustees considers whether any single third-party service provider would be capable of providing all such services at comparable cost and quality. Finally, our Board of Trustees compares the total amount paid to Guggenheim for such services as a percentage of our net assets to the same ratio as reported by other comparable BDCs. We will not reimburse Guggenheim for any services for which it receives a separate fee, or for rent, depreciation, utilities, capital equipment or other administrative items allocated to a controlling person of Guggenheim. 
 During 2022 and 2021, 0.4 million and 0.4 million, respectively, was paid to Guggenheim to cover personnel expenses, which amount includes both cash compensation and employee benefits, excludes amounts paid by Guggenheim to their respective executive officers (which are not reimbursed by us), and includes an allocation of office rental expenses and of certain other overhead expenses. 
 
 71 

Each of the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administrative Services Agreement, unless earlier terminated as described below, will remain in effect for two years, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive one-year periods, if approved annually by (i) a majority of our Independent Trustees, (ii) our Board of Trustees or the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities in the case of the Investment Advisory Agreement and (iii) our Board of Trustees in the case of the Administrative Services Agreement. 
 Each of the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administrative Services Agreement will automatically terminate in the event of its assignment. In accordance with the 1940 Act, the Master Fund may terminate the Investment Advisory Agreement and the Administrative Services Agreement with Guggenheim upon 60 days written notice. The decision to terminate any agreement may be made by a majority of our Independent Trustees or the holders of a majority of our outstanding Shares. 
 Guggenheim will be permitted to voluntarily terminate the Investment Advisory Agreement and/or the Administrative Services Agreement, upon 120 days prior written notice. 
 Under the Investment Advisory Agreement, the Master Fund expects, to the extent permitted by applicable law and in the discretion of the Board of Trustees, to indemnify Guggenheim and certain of its affiliates. 
 Additionally, as a BDC, the Master Fund must offer managerial assistance to its eligible portfolio companies EPCs ). This managerial assistance may include monitoring the operations of the Master Fund's portfolio companies, participating in board and management meetings, consulting with and advising officers of the Master Fund's EPCs and providing other organizational and financial guidance. Guggenheim makes available such managerial assistance, on the Master Fund's behalf, to its EPCs, whether or not they request this assistance. The Master Fund may receive fees for these services and will reimburse Guggenheim for their allocated costs in providing such assistance, subject to review and approval by its Board of Trustees. 
 Policies and Procedures with Respect to Related Party Transactions 
 The Boards of the Company and the Master Fund (including all of the Independent Trustees) have approved policies and procedures for the oversight, review and approval of transactions involving the Company or the Master Fund and persons related to the Company or the Master Fund. For example, the Board of the Master Fund has approved procedures for the calculation of management and incentive fees payable to Guggenheim and for the reimbursement of organizational and offering expenses paid by Guggenheim. The Company has also adopted a Code of Ethics, prohibiting its Access Persons (as that term is defined under the 1940 Act) and other related parties from engaging in any business transaction or arrangement for personal profit that is not in the best interests of the Company or its shareholders in violation of the fiduciary duty owed to the Company and its shareholders. 
 Further, the Audit Committee is required by its charter to review with both the Company's management and its independent accountants all related-party transactions or dealings with parties related to the Company, and the Independent Trustees Committee reviews and approves the payment of reimbursements to the administrator for certain costs allocated to the Company pursuant to the Administrative Services Agreement. 
 Trustee Independence 
 We define Independent Trustees as those trustees who (i) are not interested persons of us as defined in Section 2(a)(19) of the 1940 Act, and (ii) meet the independence requirements of Section 10A(m)(3) of the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder and under the Securities Act. A list of our interested and independent trustees is presented in Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance . 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 
 The following table summarizes the audit fees and non-audit related fees accrued or paid to Ernst Young LLP (the "Independent Accountant") for professional services performed for the Company's fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 
 Fiscal Year Audit and Quarterly Review Fees Tax Fees (2) 
 2022 51,979 8,173 2021 52,579 7,430 
 The following table summarizes the audit-related fees and non-audit related fees accrued or paid to the Independent Accountant for professional services performed for our former investment adviser, the Master Fund, and our affiliated Feeder Funds in fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 72 

GCIF GCIF 2016T Fiscal Year Audit-Related and Tax Fees (1)(2) 
 Audit-Related and Tax Fees (1)(2) 
 2022 19,169 8,173 2021 17,425 7,430 
 ______________________ 
 (1) Audit-Related Fees: This category consists of those fees accrued or billed to the named entity by the independent accountant in connection with the periodic review of the named entity's registration statements. 
 (2) Tax Fees: This category consists of fees accrued or billed to the named entity by the independent accountant for tax compliance services and preparation of income tax returns. 
 Audit Committee's Pre-Approval Policy on Audit and Non-Audit Services Performed by the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 The Company maintains an Audit Committee charter that, among other things, mandates that the Audit Committee: 
 appoint and retain each year a firm or firms of independent accountants to audit the accounts and records of the Companies, to approve the terms of compensation of such Independent Accountant and to terminate such Independent Accountant as they deem appropriate; 
 pre-approve the engagement of the Independent Accountant to render audit and/or permissible non-audit services (including the fees charged and proposed to be charged by the Independent Accountant), subject to the de minimis exceptions under Section 10A(i)(1)(B) of the Exchange Act, and as otherwise required by law; and 
 pre-approve non-audit services (subject to the de minimis exceptions under Section 10A(i)(1)(B) of the Exchange Act) rendered by the Independent Accountant to the Company's investment adviser (not including any sub-adviser whose role is primarily portfolio management and is sub-contracted or overseen by another investment adviser), and to any entity controlling, controlled by or under common control with its investment adviser that provides ongoing services to the Company if the scope of the non-audit related services under the engagement relates directly to the operations and financial reporting of the Company. 
 All of the audit and non-audit services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm for which fees were incurred by us and our affiliates for fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were pre-approved by the Audit Committee in accordance with its pre-approval policy. 
 
 73 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Consolidated Financial Statement Schedules. 
 a. The following financial statements of the registrant are filed as part of this Report in Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 
 Financial Statements Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms (PCAOB ID: 
 43 
 Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 44 
 Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 45 
 Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 46 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 47 
 Notes to Financial Statements 48 
 
 b. The consolidated financial statements of Guggenheim Credit Income Fund (the Master Fund) are filed because they are not presented in the financial statements or notes in this Report in Part II. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 
 Guggenheim Credit Income Fund Consolidated Financial Statements Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms F- 1 
 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F- 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F- 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F-6 
 Consolidated Schedules of Investments for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-7 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F- 17 

74 

c. The following exhibits are filed or incorporated as part of this Report. 
 3.1 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Trust of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99(a)(3) filed with Pre-Effective Amendment No. 4 to the Registrant's registration statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-198667) filed on July 28, 2015.) 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 filed with the Registrant's Form 8-K (File No. 814-01091) filed on March 15, 2016.) 
 3.3 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Trust (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 filed with the Registrant's Form 8-K (File No. 814-01091) as filed October 23, 2017.) 
 3.4 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99(a)(4) filed with the Registrant's Form N-2 (File No. 814-01091) as filed March 29, 2018.) 
 3.5 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 filed with the Registrant's Form 8-K (File No. 814-01091) filed on March 15, 2016.) 
 4.1 Distribution Reinvestment Plan of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99(e) filed with Pre-Effective Amendment No. 4 to the Registrant's registration statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-198667) filed on July 28, 2015.) 
 10.1 Administrative Services Agreement by and between the Registrant and Guggenheim Partners Investment Management, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 filed with Guggenheim Credit Income Fund's Form 8-K (File No. 814-01117) filed on August 15, 2017.) 
 10.2 Amendment No 1. to Administrative Services Agreement by and between the Registrant, Guggenheim Credit Income Fund, and Guggenheim Partners Investment Management, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 filed with Guggenheim Credit Income Fund's Form 10-K (File No. 814-01117) filed on March 12, 2019.) 
 10.3 Second Amended and Restated Dealer Manager Agreement by and among Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2016 T, Guggenheim Credit Income Fund and Carey Financial, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed with Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2016 T's Form 10-K (File No. 814-01094) filed on April 17, 2017.) 
 10.4 Form of Selected Dealer Agreement (revised Exhibit A to Second Amended and Restated Dealer Manager Agreement). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 filed with Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2016 T's Form 10-K (File No. 814-01094) filed on April 17, 2017.) 
 10.5 Assignment and Assumption Agreement for Dealer Manager Agreement by and among the Registrant, Carey Financial, LLC, and Guggenheim Funds Distributors, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 filed with Guggenheim Credit Income Fund's Form 8-K (File No. 814-01117) filed on August 15, 2017.) 
 10.6 Form of Amended and Restated Expense Support and Conditional Reimbursement Agreement by and among the Registrant, Carey Credit Advisors, LLC and Guggenheim Partners Investment Management, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 filed with Registrant's Form 8-K (File No. 814-01091) on August 16, 2017.) 
 10.7 Form of Amended and Restated Organization and Offering Expense Reimbursement Agreement by and among the Registrant, Carey Credit Advisors, LLC and Guggenheim Partners Investment Management, LLC. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 filed with Guggenheim Credit Income Fund's Form 8-K (File No. 814-01117) filed on August 15, 2017.) 
 10.8 Investment Management Agreement by and between Hamilton Finance LLC and Guggenheim Credit Income Fund. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with Guggenheim Credit Income Fund's Form 8-K (File No. 814-01117) filed on December 22, 2015.) 
 10.9 Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan Agreement and Investment Management Agreement dated as of August 24, 2017. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 filed with Guggenheim Credit Income Fund's Form 10-Q (File No. 814-01117) filed on November 7, 2017.) 
 10.10 
 Investment Management Agreement by and between Hamilton Finance LLC and Guggenheim Credit Income Fund. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with Guggenheim Credit Income Fund's Form 8-K (File No. 814-01117) filed on December 22, 2015.) 
 10.11 Amendment to Amended and Restated Loan Agreement and Investment Management Agreement dated as of August 24, 2017. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 filed with Guggenheim Credit Income Fund's Form 10-Q (File No. 814-01117) filed on November 7, 2017.) 
 
 75 

14.1 Code of Ethics of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 filed with Guggenheim Credit Income Fund Form 10-Q (File No. 814-01117) filed on November 16, 2020.) 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (Filed herewith.) 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (Filed herewith.) 
 32 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (Filed herewith.) 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. 
 None. 
 
 76 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Guggenheim Credit Income Fund - 2019 Date: March 14, 2023 By: /s/ Matthew S. Bloom MATTHEW S. BLOOM Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: March 14, 2023 By: /s/ James Howley James Howley Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Matthew S. Bloom Matthew S. Bloom Chief Executive Officer and Trustee March 14, 2023 (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ James Howley James Howley Chief Financial Officer March 14, 2023 (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Marc S. Goodman Marc S. Goodman Trustee March 14, 2023 /s/ Eric Rosenblatt Eric Rosenblatt Trustee March 14, 2023 /s/ Peter E. Roth Peter E. Roth Trustee March 14, 2023 

77 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Trustees of Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of assets and liabilities of Guggenheim Credit Income Fund and its subsidiary (the Master Fund ), including the consolidated schedules of investments, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in net assets and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Master Fund at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations, changes in its net assets and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Master Fund s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Master Fund s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Master Fund in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Master Fund is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Master Fund s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Such procedures included confirmation of investments owned as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, by correspondence with the custodian, brokers or the underlying investees, or by other appropriate auditing procedures where replies from brokers or underlying investees were not received. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosures to which it relates. 

F-1 

Valuation of investments using significant unobservable inputs and assumptions Description of the Matter At December 31, 2022, the fair value of the Master Fund s investments categorized as Level 3 investments within the fair value hierarchy (Level 3 investments) totaled 25.6 million. The Master Fund reports changes in fair value of investments as net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments in the consolidated statements of operations. As further described in Notes 2 and 5 to the consolidated financial statements, management of the Master Fund under the oversight of the Board of Trustees determines the fair value of the Master Fund s Level 3 investments using valuation techniques such as market or income approach based models, recent transactions or by obtaining indicative broker quotes. These valuation techniques require the use of significant unobservable inputs and assumptions, as disclosed in Note 5, which may include yield rates, discount rates, market multiples of comparable companies, recovery rates, recent transactions or indicative broker quotes. 
 
 Auditing the fair value of the Master Fund s Level 3 investments is complex, as the unobservable inputs and assumptions used by management are highly judgmental and could have a significant effect on the fair value measurements of such investments. 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit Our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the Master Fund s valuation techniques, testing the significant unobservable inputs and assumptions used by management in determining the fair value of the Master Fund s Level 3 investments, and testing the mathematical accuracy of the Master Fund s valuation calculations. For a sample of the Master Fund s Level 3 investments, with the support of our valuation specialists, we independently developed fair value estimates and compared them to the Master Fund s estimates. We developed our independent fair value estimates by using borrower financial information, which we compared to agreements or underlying source documents provided to the Master Fund by the borrowers, and available market information from third-party sources, such as market spreads and discount rates, and market multiples. We reviewed the information considered by management relating to valuation including recent transactions and indicative broker quotes. We searched for and evaluated information that corroborated or contradicted the Master Fund's valuations or significant inputs into valuations. We also evaluated recent transactions and subsequent event transactions and considered whether they corroborated or contradicted the Master Fund s year-end valuations. 
 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 We have served as the auditor of one or more investment companies in the Guggenheim Credit Income Funds business development company group since 2018. 

New York, NY 
 March 14, 2022 

F-2 

GUGGENHEIM CREDIT INCOME FUND 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Investments at fair value (amortized cost of 48,438 and 125,563, respectively) 40,641 124,139 Cash and cash equivalents 8,956 4,556 Restricted cash 24,648 Interest and dividend income receivable 744 936 Principal receivable 11,499 4,747 Receivable from related parties 10 25 Unrealized appreciation of foreign currency forward contracts 73 Prepaid expenses and other assets 222 192 Total assets 62,145 159,243 Liabilities Unrealized depreciation on foreign currency forward contracts 280 Accrued management fee 214 769 Payable to related parties 96 61 Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 562 853 Total liabilities 872 1,963 Commitments and contingencies Note 8. Commitments and Contingencies 
 Net Assets 61,273 157,280 Components of Net Assets: Common shares, 0.001 par value, 1,000,000,000 shares authorized, 25,594,125 and 25,594,125 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 26 26 Paid-in-capital in excess of par value 78,102 169,019 Accumulated loss, net of distributions (16,855) (11,765) Net assets 61,273 157,280 Net asset value per Common Share (NAV) 2.39 6.15 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 F-3 

GUGGENHEIM CREDIT INCOME FUND 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Investment Income Interest income 8,075 16,461 25,607 PIK interest income 132 340 1,275 Dividend income 179 169 742 Fee income 572 252 333 Total investment income 8,958 17,222 27,957 Operating Expenses Interest expense and other financing costs 2,880 5,749 Management fee 2,047 4,526 6,247 Administrative services 139 166 177 Custody services 46 87 94 Trustees fees 293 285 311 Related party reimbursements 436 352 644 Professional services fees 595 740 925 Other expenses 255 237 250 Total expenses 3,811 9,273 14,397 Net investment income 5,147 7,949 13,560 Realized and unrealized gains (losses): Net realized gains (losses) on: Investments (335) (1,618) (2,369) Foreign currency forward contracts 14 (287) (258) Foreign currency transactions 143 (2) 172 Net realized losses (178) (1,907) (2,455) Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on: Investments (6,373) 15,167 (2,982) Foreign currency forward contracts 353 488 (681) Foreign currency transactions (2) (1) 2 Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) (6,022) 15,654 (3,661) Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) (6,200) 13,747 (6,116) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations (1,053) 21,696 7,444 Per Common Share information: Net investment income per Common Share outstanding - basic and diluted 0.20 0.31 0.50 Earnings (loss) per Common Share outstanding - basic and diluted (0.04) 0.84 0.27 Weighted average Common Shares outstanding - basic and diluted 25,594,125 25,729,824 27,139,732 Distribution per Common Share outstanding 3.71 2.26 0.49 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-4 

GUGGENHEIM CREDIT INCOME FUND 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN NET ASSETS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Common Shares Paid-in-Capital in Excess of Par Value Accumulated Earnings (Loss), net of Distributions Shares Amount Total Balance at December 31, 2019 27,157,534 27 229,996 (18,826) 211,197 Operations: Net investment income 13,560 13,560 Net realized losses (2,455) (2,455) Net change in unrealized depreciation (3,661) (3,661) Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 7,444 7,444 Shareholder distributions: Distributions from earnings (13,381) (13,381) Net decrease in net assets resulting from shareholder distributions (13,381) (13,381) Capital share transactions: Issuance of Common Shares 1,070,451 1 8,049 8,050 Repurchase of Common Shares (1,955,367) (2) (14,583) (14,585) Net decrease in net assets resulting from capital share transactions (884,916) (1) (6,534) (6,535) Net decrease for the year (884,916) (1) (6,534) (5,937) (12,472) Balance at December 31, 2020 26,272,618 26 223,462 (24,763) 198,725 Operations: Net investment income 7,949 7,949 Net realized losses (1,907) (1,907) Net change in unrealized appreciation 15,654 15,654 Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 21,696 21,696 Shareholder distributions: Distributions from earnings (8,698) (8,698) Distributions representing a return of capital (49,165) (49,165) Net decrease in net assets resulting from shareholder distributions (49,165) (8,698) (57,863) Capital share transactions: Repurchase of Common Shares (678,493) (1) 
 (5,278) (5,278) Net decrease in net assets resulting from capital share transactions (678,493) (5,278) (5,278) Net increase (decrease) for the year (678,493) (54,443) 12,998 (41,445) Balance at December 31, 2021 25,594,125 26 169,019 (11,765) 157,280 Operations: Net investment income 5,147 5,147 Net realized losses (178) (178) Net change in unrealized appreciation (6,022) (6,022) Net decrease in net assets resulting from operations (1,053) (1,053) Shareholder distributions: Distributions from earnings (5,433) (5,433) Distributions representing a return of capital (89,521) (89,521) Net decrease in net assets resulting from shareholder distributions (89,521) (5,433) (94,954) Net decrease for the year (89,521) (6,486) (96,007) Balance at December 31, 2022 25,594,125 26 79,498 (18,251) 61,273 
 _______________________ 
 (1) Amount is less than 1,000 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-5 

GUGGENHEIM CREDIT INCOME FUND 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Operating activities Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations (1,053) 21,696 7,444 Adjustments to reconcile net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations to net cash provided by operating activities: Capitalized paid-in-kind income (217) (413) (1,787) Amortization of premium/accretion of discount, net (357) (904) (1,258) Proceeds from sales of investments 47,738 68,946 23,614 Proceeds from paydowns on investments 33,947 119,199 116,007 Net receipt of settlement of derivatives 1,109 1,785 4,474 Net payment of settlement of derivatives (1,095) (2,072) (4,732) Net realized (gains) losses on derivatives (14) 287 258 Purchases of investments (4,321) (5,469) (61,683) Net realized losses on investments 335 1,618 2,369 Net change in unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on investments 6,373 (15,167) 2,982 Net change in unrealized (appreciation) depreciation on foreign currency forward contracts (353) (488) 681 Amortization of deferred financing costs 757 381 (Increase) decrease in operating assets: Interest and dividend income receivable 192 946 740 Principal receivable (6,752) (3,808) (939) Receivable from related parties 15 14 (4) Prepaid expenses and other assets (30) 7 85 Increase (decrease) in operating liabilities: Accrued management fee (555) 261 (68) Payable to related parties 35 (84) (50) Collateral payable for foreign currency forward contracts (320) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities (291) 315 (325) Net cash provided by operating activities 74,706 187,426 87,869 Financing activities Issuance of Common Shares 8,050 Repurchase of Common Shares (5,278) (14,585) Credit facility borrowings 4,000 Credit facility repayments (130,000) (46,000) Distributions paid (94,954) (57,863) (13,381) Net cash used in financing activities (94,954) (193,141) (61,916) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (20,248) (5,715) 25,953 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year 29,204 34,919 8,966 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year 8,956 29,204 34,919 Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash and cash equivalents 8,956 4,556 10,058 Restricted cash 24,648 24,341 Collateral deposits for foreign currency forward contracts 520 Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 8,956 29,204 34,919 Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information and non-cash financing activities: Cash paid for interest 2,156 5,340 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-6 

GUGGENHEIM CREDIT INCOME FUND 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 

 December 31, 2022 (in thousands) 
 Portfolio Company (1) (2) (3) 
 Footnotes Investment Spread Above Reference Rate (4) 
 Interest Rate (4) (5) 
 Maturity Date Principal / Par Amount / Shares (6) 
 Amortized Cost (7) (8) 
 Fair Value of Net Assets INVESTMENTS Debt investments - 65.7 Automotive Accuride Corporation Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+5.25 9.98 11/17/2023 4,095 4,072 3,490 5.7 Total Automotive 4,072 3,490 5.7 Beverage, Food Tobacco Checkers Holdings Inc Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+4.25 8.99 4/25/2024 1,110 713 910 1.5 Total Beverage, Food Tobacco 713 910 1.5 Chemicals, Plastics Rubber Drew Marine Group Inc. (11) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+4.25 8.98 6/26/2026 965 957 944 1.5 Total Chemicals, Plastics Rubber 957 944 1.5 Consumer Goods: Non-Durable Galls LLC (10)(11) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+7.25 11.16 1/31/2025 3,699 3,689 3,607 5.9 Galls LLC (Delayed Draw B) (10)(11) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+7.25 11.16 1/31/2025 543 541 529 0.9 Galls LLC (Revolver) (9)(11) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+6.75 11.12 1/31/2024 442 425 426 0.7 4,655 4,562 7.5 Pure Fishing, Inc. Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+4.50 8.88 12/19/2025 3,899 3,654 2,610 4.3 Total Consumer Goods: Non-Durable 8,309 7,172 11.8 Energy: Oil Gas Basic Energy Services Inc (11)(13) Senior Secured Bonds N/A N/A 10/15/2023 4,291 1,520 102 0.2 Permian Production Partners (10)(11) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+8.00 12.39 11/23/2025 410 250 409 0.7 Total Energy: Oil Gas 1,770 511 0.9 Hotel, Gaming Leisure ASM Global Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+2.50 6.91 1/23/2025 2,281 2,279 2,228 3.6 Total Hotel, Gaming Leisure 2,279 2,228 3.6 Metals Mining Polyvision Corp. (10)(11) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+7.50 11.07 2/21/2026 3,555 3,520 3,271 5.3 Polyvision Corp. (10)(11) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+7.50 11.07 2/21/2026 1,001 991 921 1.5 Polyvision Corp. (Delayed Draw) (10)(11) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+7.50 12.60 2/21/2026 138 138 127 0.2 Polyvision Corp. (Revolver) (9)(10)(11) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+7.50 11.12 8/21/2025 924 851 846 1.4 Total Metals Mining 5,500 5,165 8.4 Retail Save-a-Lot Senior Secured Loans - First Lien S+7.25 11.93 6/30/2026 1,088 979 899 1.4 Save-a-Lot Senior Secured Loans - First Lien S+7.25 11.93 6/30/2026 466 261 385 0.6 
 F-7 

GUGGENHEIM CREDIT INCOME FUND 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 

 Save-a-Lot Senior Secured Loans - Second Lien S+9.50 14.18 12/31/2026 794 445 484 0.8 Total Retail 1,685 1,768 2.8 Services: Business HealthChannels, Inc. Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+4.50 8.88 4/3/2025 1,907 1,892 1,350 2.2 Hersha Hospitality Management (11) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien S+6.00 9.81 3/2/2026 4,765 4,681 4,692 7.6 PSI Services LLC (Revolver) (9)(11) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+5.75 10.16 10/4/2025 298 298 277 0.5 PSI Services LLC (Delayed Draw) (11) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+5.75 10.16 10/4/2026 176 176 163 0.3 PSI Services LLC (Delayed Draw) (11) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+5.75 10.16 10/4/2026 416 416 386 0.6 PSI Services LLC (11) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+5.75 10.16 10/16/2026 2,780 2,746 2,580 4.2 3,636 3,406 5.6 YAK Access, LLC (11) Senior Secured Loans - Second Lien L+10.00 13.64 7/10/2026 5,000 4,805 642 1.0 Total Services: Business 15,014 10,090 16.4 Technology Allvue Systems (Revolver) (9)(11) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+5.75 10.48 9/6/2024 105 92 100 0.2 Allvue Systems (Term Loan) (11) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+5.75 10.48 9/4/2026 842 840 811 1.3 932 911 1.5 Apptio, Inc. (11) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+6.00 10.81 1/10/2025 4,900 4,873 4,882 8.0 Apptio, Inc. (Revolver) (9)(11) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+6.00 10.81 12/3/2024 196 176 182 0.3 5,049 5,064 8.3 Wide Orbit, Inc. (Revolver) (9)(11)(12) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien N/A N/A 7/8/2025 (4) Total Technology 5,981 5,971 9.8 Telecommunications Firstlight Fiber Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+3.50 7.88 7/23/2025 2,163 2,158 2,007 3.3 Total Telecommunications 2,158 2,007 3.3 Total Debt Investments 48,438 40,256 65.7 Equity investments - 0.6 Energy: Oil Gas Permian Production Partners (11) Equity/Other N/A N/A 203,022 79 0.1 Total Energy: Oil Gas 79 0.1 Retail Save-a-Lot (11) Equity/Other N/A N/A 53,097 30 Total Retail 30 
 F-8 

GUGGENHEIM CREDIT INCOME FUND 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 

 Technology Wide Orbit (Warrants) (11) Equity/Other N/A N/A 96,480 276 0.5 Total Technology 276 0.5 Total Equity Investments 385 0.6 Total Investments - 66.3 48,438 40,641 66.3 December 31, 2022 (in thousands) 
 Derivative Counterparty Settlement Date Amount Purchased Amount Sold Amortized Cost (7) (8) 
 Fair Value of Net Assets Foreign Currency Forward Contracts JPMorgan Chase Bank 1/17/2023 3,045 2,457 73 0.1 73 0.1 _______________________ 
 (1) Security may be an obligation of one or more entities affiliated with the named portfolio company. 
 (2) All debt and equity investments are income producing unless otherwise noted. 
 (3) All investments are non-controlled/non-affiliated investments as defined by the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the "1940 Act"). The provisions of the 1940 Act classify investments based on the level of control that we maintain in a particular portfolio company. As defined in the 1940 Act, a company is generally presumed to be non-controlled when we own 25 or less of the portfolio company s voting securities and controlled when we own more than 25 of the portfolio company s voting securities. The provisions of the 1940 Act also classify investments further based on the level of ownership that we maintain in a particular portfolio company. As defined in the 1940 Act, a company is generally deemed as non-affiliated when we own less than 5 of a portfolio company s voting securities and affiliated when we own 5 or more of a portfolio company s voting securities. 
 (4) The periodic interest rate for all floating rate loans is indexed to London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR" or "LIBO rate") (denoted as "L"), Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") (denoted as "E"), British Pound Sterling LIBOR ("GBP LIBOR") (denoted as "G"), Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") (denoted as "S"), Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") (denoted as "N") or Prime Rate (denoted as "P"). Pursuant to the terms of the underlying credit agreements, the base interest rates typically reset annually, semi-annually, quarterly or monthly at the borrower's option. The borrower may also elect to have multiple interest reset periods for each loan. For each of these floating rate loans, the Consolidated Schedule of Investments presents the applicable margin over LIBOR, EURIBOR, GBP LIBOR or Prime based on each respective credit agreement. As of December 31, 2022, LIBO rates ranged between 4.39 for 1-month LIBOR to 5.14 for 6-month LIBOR. 
 (5) For portfolio companies with multiple interest rate contracts under a single credit agreement, the interest rate shown is a weighted average current interest rate in effect at December 31, 2022. 
 (6) Unless noted otherwise, the principal amount (par amount) for all debt securities is denominated in U.S. dollars. Equity investments are recorded as number of shares owned. 
 (7) Cost represents amortized cost, inclusive of any capitalized paid-in-kind income ("PIK"), for debt securities, and cost plus capitalized PIK, if any, for preferred stock. 
 (8) As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate gross unrealized appreciation for all securities, including foreign currency forward contracts, in which there was an excess of value over tax cost was 1.0 million; the aggregate gross unrealized depreciation for all securities, including foreign currency forward contracts, in which there was an excess of tax cost over value was 10.3 million; the net unrealized depreciation was 9.3 million; the aggregate cost of securities for Federal income tax purposes was 50.0 million. 
 (9) The investment is either a delayed draw loan or a revolving credit facility whereby some or all of the investment commitment is undrawn as of December 31, 2022 (see Note 8. Commitments and Contingencies ). 
 (10) The underlying credit agreement or indenture contains a PIK provision, whereby the issuer has either the option or the obligation to make interest payments with the issuance of additional securities. The interest rate in the schedule represents the current interest rate in effect for these investments. 
 F-9 

GUGGENHEIM CREDIT INCOME FUND 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 

 Coupon Rate PIK Component Cash Component PIK Option Galls LLC L+7.25 0.50 L+6.75 The Portfolio Company may elect PIK up to 0.50 . Galls LLC L+7.25 0.50 L+6.75 The Portfolio Company may elect PIK up to 0.50 . Polyvision Corp. L+7.50 1.00 L+6.50 The Portfolio Company may elect PIK up to 1.00 . Polyvision Corp. L+7.50 1.00 L+6.50 The Portfolio Company may elect PIK up to 1.00 . Polyvision Corp. L+7.50 1.00 L+6.50 The Portfolio Company may elect PIK up to 1.00 . Polyvision Corp. L+7.50 1.00 L+6.50 The Portfolio Company may elect PIK up to 1.00 . Permian Production Partners L+8.00 2.00 L+6.00 The Portfolio Company may elect PIK up to 2.00 . 
 (11) Investments value was determined using significant unobservable inputs (see Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies ). 
 (12) The negative fair value is the result of the unfunded commitment being valued below par. The negative amortized cost is the result of the capitalized discount being greater than the principal amount outstanding on the loan. 
 (13) Investment was on non-accrual status as of December 31, 2022, meaning that the Master Fu nd has ceased recognizing interest income on these investments. As of December 31, 2022, debt investments on non-accrual status represen ted 3.1 and 0.3 of total investments on an amortized cost basis and fair value basis, respectively. 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F-10 

GUGGENHEIM CREDIT INCOME FUND 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 

 December 31, 2021 (in thousands) 
 Portfolio Company (1) (2) (3) 
 Footnotes Investment Spread Above Reference Rate (4) 
 Interest Rate (4) (5) 
 Maturity Date Principal / Par Amount / Shares (6) 
 Amortized Cost (7) (8) 
 Fair Value of Net Assets INVESTMENTS Debt investments - 78.2 Automotive Accuride Corporation Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+5.25 6.25 11/17/2023 4,511 4,457 4,368 2.8 EnTrans International, LLC (13) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+6.00 6.08 11/1/2024 6,916 6,105 6,542 4.2 Wesco Group (15) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+4.25 5.25 6/14/2024 1,217 1,210 1,214 0.8 Total Automotive 11,772 12,124 7.8 Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate Gladman Developments Ltd. UK(10)(11)(14)(15) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien G+9.50 9.62 8/16/2024 2,086 2,637 2,772 1.8 Total Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate 2,637 2,772 1.8 Beverage, Food Tobacco Checkers Holdings Inc (13) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+4.25 5.25 4/25/2024 1,122 721 965 0.6 Total Beverage, Food Tobacco 721 965 0.6 Capital Equipment Cleaver Brooks, Inc. Senior Secured Bonds N/A 7.88 3/1/2023 2,000 2,000 1,955 1.2 Total Capital Equipment 2,000 1,955 1.2 Chemicals, Plastics Rubber Aceto Chemicals (15) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+5.50 6.50 4/29/2025 5,070 5,049 5,051 3.2 Aceto Chemicals (Revolver) (9)(13)(15)(17) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien N/A N/A 4/29/2025 (59) (55) 4,990 4,996 3.2 Drew Marine Group Inc. (15) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+4.25 4.47 6/26/2026 975 965 966 0.6 Seal For Life Industries US LLC (Revolver) (9)(11)(13)(15) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+7.00 8.00 7/24/2024 238 193 197 0.1 Seal For Life Industries US LLC (11)(15) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+7.00 8.00 7/23/2025 6,850 6,732 6,787 4.3 6,925 6,984 4.4 Total Chemicals, Plastics Rubber 12,880 12,946 8.2 Consumer Goods: Non-Durable Galls LLC (14)(15) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+6.75 7.75 1/31/2025 3,718 3,702 3,588 2.3 Galls LLC (Delayed Draw B) (14)(15) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+6.75 7.75 1/31/2025 545 543 526 0.3 Galls LLC (Revolver) (9)(13)(15) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+5.75 7.75 1/31/2024 344 313 317 0.2 4,558 4,431 2.8 Pure Fishing, Inc. (13) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+4.50 4.60 12/19/2025 3,939 3,609 3,830 2.4 Total Consumer Goods: Non-Durable 8,167 8,261 5.2 Containers, Packaging Glass 
 F-11 

GUGGENHEIM CREDIT INCOME FUND 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 

 December 31, 2021 (in thousands) 
 Portfolio Company (1) (2) (3) 
 Footnotes Investment Spread Above Reference Rate (4) 
 Interest Rate (4) (5) 
 Maturity Date Principal / Par Amount / Shares (6) 
 Amortized Cost (7) (8) 
 Fair Value of Net Assets Bioplan USA, Inc. (14) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+7.75 8.75 12/22/2023 4,876 4,451 4,635 3.0 Husky Injection Molding Systems Ltd. CN(10)(11) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+3.00 3.35 3/28/2025 1,940 1,859 1,911 1.2 Total Containers, Packaging Glass 6,310 6,546 4.2 Energy: Oil Gas Basic Energy Services Inc (13)(18) Senior Secured Bonds N/A N/A 10/15/2023 4,475 2,041 313 0.2 Permian Production Partners (13)(14)(15) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+8.00 9.00 11/23/2025 750 390 693 0.4 Total Energy: Oil Gas 2,431 1,006 0.6 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals Alegeus Technologies LLC (15) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+8.25 9.25 9/5/2024 8,000 7,974 7,844 5.0 Total Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 7,974 7,844 5.0 Hotel, Gaming Leisure ASM Global Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+2.50 2.62 1/23/2025 2,311 2,309 2,252 1.4 Total Hotel, Gaming Leisure 2,309 2,252 1.4 Metals Mining Polyvision Corp. (14)(15) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+7.50 8.50 2/21/2026 3,564 3,529 3,457 2.2 Polyvision Corp. (14)(15) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+7.50 8.50 2/21/2026 1,004 994 974 0.6 Polyvision Corp. (Delayed Draw) (14)(15) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+7.50 8.50 2/21/2026 138 138 134 0.1 Polyvision Corp. (Revolver) (9)(13)(14)(15) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+7.50 8.50 8/21/2025 739 669 693 0.4 Total Metals Mining 5,330 5,258 3.3 Retail Blue Nile, Inc. Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+6.50 7.50 2/17/2023 4,650 4,618 4,555 2.9 Save-a-Lot (13)(14)(15) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+7.00 8.00 3/12/2024 973 887 995 0.6 Save-a-Lot (13)(14) Senior Secured Loans - Second Lien L+10.75 11.75 10/1/2024 1,227 1,912 1,056 0.7 2,799 2,051 1.3 Total Retail 7,417 6,606 4.2 Services: Business Alexander Mann Solutions (GBP Term Loan) UK(10)(11)(13) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien G+5.00 5.17 6/16/2025 2,060 2,589 2,697 1.7 Alexander Mann Solutions (USD Term Loan) UK(10)(11)(13) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+5.00 5.16 6/16/2025 890 862 862 0.5 Alexander Mann Solutions (Revolver) UK(9)(10)(11)(13)(15)(17) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien N/A N/A 12/16/2024 (27) (27) 3,424 3,532 2.2 HealthChannels, Inc. Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+4.50 4.60 4/3/2025 2,725 2,692 2,504 1.6 
 F-12 

GUGGENHEIM CREDIT INCOME FUND 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 

 December 31, 2021 (in thousands) 
 Portfolio Company (1) (2) (3) 
 Footnotes Investment Spread Above Reference Rate (4) 
 Interest Rate (4) (5) 
 Maturity Date Principal / Par Amount / Shares (6) 
 Amortized Cost (7) (8) 
 Fair Value of Net Assets Hersha Hospitality Management (15) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+4.75 5.75 3/2/2026 4,728 4,645 4,634 2.9 Hersha Hospitality Management (Delayed Draw) (9)(15) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+4.75 5.75 3/2/2026 86 62 62 4,707 4,696 2.9 PSI Services LLC (Revolver) (9)(13)(15) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+5.75 6.75 10/4/2025 298 298 275 0.2 PSI Services LLC (Delayed Draw) (15) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien N/A N/A 10/4/2026 177 177 169 0.1 PSI Services LLC (15) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+5.75 6.75 10/4/2026 420 420 402 0.3 PSI Services LLC (15) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+5.75 6.75 10/16/2026 2,808 2,775 2,682 1.7 3,670 3,528 2.3 YAK Access, LLC Senior Secured Loans - Second Lien L+10.00 10.13 7/10/2026 5,000 4,762 3,350 2.1 Total Services: Business 19,255 17,610 11.1 Technology Allvue Systems (Revolver) (9)(13)(15) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+4.25 4.43 9/6/2024 129 116 122 0.1 Allvue Systems (Term Loan) (15) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+4.25 4.43 9/4/2026 851 849 844 0.5 965 966 0.6 Apptio, Inc. (15) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+7.25 8.25 1/10/2025 4,900 4,861 4,873 3.1 Apptio, Inc. (Revolver) (9)(13)(15) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+7.25 8.25 12/3/2024 131 109 110 0.1 4,970 4,983 3.2 Causeway Technologies UK(10)(11)(15) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien G+6.25 6.31 6/8/2024 2,638 3,365 3,570 2.3 Causeway Technologies UK(10)(11)(15) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien G+7.00 7.03 6/8/2024 338 426 914 0.6 3,791 4,484 2.9 Datix Bidco Limited (15) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+4.00 4.18 4/28/2025 1,931 1,910 1,922 1.2 Datix Bidco Limited (15) Senior Secured Loans - Second Lien L+7.75 7.93 4/27/2026 462 456 459 0.3 Datix Bidco Limited (15) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+4.00 4.18 4/28/2025 3,048 3,022 3,034 2.0 Datix Bidco Limited (15) Senior Secured Loans - Second Lien L+7.75 7.93 4/27/2026 4,696 4,652 4,669 3.0 10,040 10,084 6.5 Ministry Brands (15) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+4.00 5.00 12/2/2022 934 932 925 0.6 Ministry Brands (Delayed Draw) (15) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+4.00 5.00 12/2/2022 497 496 492 0.3 
 F-13 

GUGGENHEIM CREDIT INCOME FUND 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 

 December 31, 2021 (in thousands) 
 Portfolio Company (1) (2) (3) 
 Footnotes Investment Spread Above Reference Rate (4) 
 Interest Rate (4) (5) 
 Maturity Date Principal / Par Amount / Shares (6) 
 Amortized Cost (7) (8) 
 Fair Value of Net Assets Ministry Brands (Delayed Draw) (15) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+4.00 5.00 12/2/2022 180 180 178 0.1 1,608 1,595 1.0 Wide Orbit, Inc. (15) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+8.50 9.75 7/8/2025 3,097 3,072 3,072 2.0 Wide Orbit, Inc. (Revolver) (9)(13)(15)(17) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien N/A N/A 7/8/2025 (26) 3,072 3,046 2.0 Wind River Systems (15) Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+6.75 7.75 6/24/2024 1,284 1,270 1,276 0.8 Total Technology 25,716 26,434 17.0 Telecommunications Firstlight Fiber Senior Secured Loans - First Lien L+3.50 3.58 7/23/2025 2,186 2,179 2,164 1.4 Firstlight Fiber (15) Senior Secured Loans - Second Lien L+7.50 7.58 7/23/2026 2,500 2,481 2,431 1.5 Total Telecommunications 4,660 4,595 2.9 Utilities: Electric BHI Energy (15) Senior Secured Loans - Second Lien L+8.75 9.75 2/28/2025 6,000 5,938 5,895 3.7 Total Utilities: Electric 5,938 5,895 3.7 Total Debt Investments 125,517 123,069 78.2 Equity investments - 0.7 Beverage, Food Tobacco Chef's Holdings Inc. (13)(15)(16) Equity and Other N/A N/A 128 16 6 Total Beverage, Food Tobacco 16 6 Energy: Oil Gas Permian Production Partners (13)(15) Equity and Other N/A N/A 203,022 243 0.2 Total Energy: Oil Gas 243 0.2 Retail Save-a-Lot (13) Equity and Other N/A N/A 53,097 173 0.1 Total Retail 173 0.1 Technology Onyx CenterSource (13)(15) Equity and Other N/A N/A 952,410 476 0.3 Wolfhound Parent Inc. (Warrants) (13)(15)(16) Equity and Other N/A N/A 1,975 30 51 Wide Orbit (Warrants) (13)(15) Equity and Other N/A N/A 96,480 121 0.1 Total Technology 30 648 0.4 
 F-14 

GUGGENHEIM CREDIT INCOME FUND 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 

 December 31, 2021 (in thousands) 
 Portfolio Company (1) (2) (3) 
 Footnotes Investment Spread Above Reference Rate (4) 
 Interest Rate (4) (5) 
 Maturity Date Principal / Par Amount / Shares (6) 
 Amortized Cost (7) (8) 
 Fair Value of Net Assets Total Equity Investments 46 1,070 0.7 Total Investments - 78.9 125,563 124,139 78.9 
 
 December 31, 2020 (in thousands) Derivative Counterparty Settlement Date Amount Purchased Amount Sold Amortized Cost (7) (8) 
 Fair Value of Net Assets Foreign Currency Forward Contracts JPMorgan Chase Bank 1/14/2022 1,189 1,055 (12) JPMorgan Chase Bank 1/14/2022 11,387 8,609 (268) (0.2) (280) (0.2) 
 _______________________ 
 (1) Security may be an obligation of one or more entities affiliated with the named portfolio company. 
 (2) All debt and equity investments are income producing unless otherwise noted. 
 (3) All investments are non-controlled/non-affiliated investments as defined by the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the "1940 Act"). The provisions of the 1940 Act classify investments based on the level of control that we maintain in a particular portfolio company. As defined in the 1940 Act, a company is generally presumed to be non-controlled when we own 25 or less of the portfolio company s voting securities and controlled when we own more than 25 of the portfolio company s voting securities. The provisions of the 1940 Act also classify investments further based on the level of ownership that we maintain in a particular portfolio company. As defined in the 1940 Act, a company is generally deemed as non-affiliated when we own less than 5 of a portfolio company s voting securities and affiliated when we own 5 or more of a portfolio company s voting securities. 
 (4) The periodic interest rate for all floating rate loans is indexed to London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR" or "LIBO rate") (denoted as "L"), Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") (denoted as "E"), British Pound Sterling LIBOR ("GBP LIBOR") (denoted as "G"), Sterling Overnight Index Average Rate ("SONIA") (denoted as "G") or Prime Rate (denoted as "P"). Pursuant to the terms of the underlying credit agreements, the base interest rates typically reset annually, semi-annually, quarterly or monthly at the borrower's option. The borrower may also elect to have multiple interest reset periods for each loan. For each of these floating rate loans, the Consolidated Schedule of Investments presents the applicable margin over LIBOR, EURIBOR, GBP LIBOR or Prime based on each respective credit agreement. As of December 31, 2021, LIBO rates rang ed between 0.10 for 1-month LIBOR to 0.34 for 6-month LIBOR. 
 (5) For portfolio companies with multiple interest rate contracts under a single credit agreement, the interest rate shown is a weighted average current interest rate in effect at December 31, 2021. 
 (6) Unless noted otherwise, the principal amount (par amount) for all debt securities is denominated in U.S. dollars. Equity investments are recorded as number of shares owned. 
 (7) Cost represents amortized cost, inclusive of any capitalized paid-in-kind income ("PIK"), for debt securities, and cost plus capitalized PIK, if any, for preferred stock. 
 (8) As of December 31, 2021, the aggregate gross unrealized appreciation for all securities, including foreign currency forward contracts, in which there was an excess of value over tax cost was 3.7 million; the aggregate gross unrealized depreciation for all securities, including foreign currency forward contracts, in which there was an excess of tax cost over value was 6.2 million; the net unrealized depreciation was (2.5) million; the aggregate cost of securities for Federal income tax purposes was 126.4 million. 
 (9) The investment is either a delayed draw loan or a revolving credit facility whereby some or all of the investment commitment is undrawn as of December 31, 2021 (see Note 8. Commitments and Contingencies ). 
 F-15 

GUGGENHEIM CREDIT INCOME FUND 
 CONSOLIDATED SCHEDULE OF INVESTMENTS 

 (10) A portfolio company domiciled in a foreign country. The regulatory jurisdiction of security issuance may be a different country than the domicile of the portfolio company. 
 (11) The investment is not a qualifying asset as defined in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act. As of December 31, 2021, qualifying assets represented 87.6 of total assets. Under the 1940 Act we may not acquire any non-qualifying assets unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70 of our total assets. 
 (12) Investment position or portion thereof unsettled as of December 31, 2021. 
 (13) The investment position, or a portion thereof, was not pledged as collateral supporting the amounts outstanding under our credit facility as of December 31, 2021; (see Note 7. Borrowings ). 
 (14) The underlying credit agreement or indenture contains a PIK provision, whereby the issuer has either the option or the obligation to make interest payments with the issuance of additional securities. The interest rate in the schedule represents the current interest rate in effect for these investments. 
 Coupon Rate PIK Component Cash Component PIK Option Bioplan USA, Inc. L+7.75 0.50 L+7.25 The Portfolio Company may elect PIK up to 0.50 . Galls LLC L+6.75 0.50 L+6.25 The Portfolio Company may elect PIK up to 0.50 . Galls LLC L+6.75 0.50 L+6.25 The Portfolio Company may elect PIK up to 0.50 . Gladman Developments Ltd. G+9.50 2.75 G+6.75 The Portfolio Company may elect PIK up to 2.75 . Permian Production Partners L+8.00 2.00 L+6.00 The Portfolio Company may elect PIK up to 2.00 . Polyvision Corp. L+7.50 1.00 L+6.50 The Portfolio Company may elect PIK up to 1.00 . Polyvision Corp. L+7.50 1.00 L+6.50 The Portfolio Company may elect PIK up to 1.00 . Polyvision Corp. (Delayed Draw) L+7.50 1.00 L+6.50 The Portfolio Company may elect PIK up to 1.00 . Polyvision Corp. (Revolver) L+7.50 1.00 L+6.50 The Portfolio Company may elect PIK up to 1.00 . Save-A-Lot L+7.00 7.00 L+0.00 The Portfolio Company may elect PIK up to 7.00 . Save-A-Lot L+10.75 10.75 L+0.00 The Portfolio Company may elect PIK up to 10.75 . 
 (15) Investments value was determined using significant unobservable inputs (see Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies ). 
 (16) Non-income producing security. 
 (17) The negative fair value is the result of the unfunded commitment being valued below par. The negative amortized cost is the result of the capitalized discount being greater than the principal amount outstanding on the loan. 
 (18) Investment was on non-accrual status as of December 31, 2021, meaning that the Master Fu nd has ceased recognizing interest income on these investments. As of December 31, 2021, debt investments on non-accrual status represen ted 1.6 and 0.3 of total investments on an amortized cost basis and fair value basis, respectively. 
 Abbreviations: 
 
 CN = Canada; UK = United Kingdom 
 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-16 

GUGGENHEIM CREDIT INCOME FUND 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data, percentages and as otherwise indicated; 
 for example, with the word million or otherwise) 
 Note 1. Principal Business and Organization 
 Guggenheim Credit Income Fund (the Master Fund was formed as a Delaware statutory trust on September 5, 2014. The Master Fund's investment objectives are to provide its shareholders with current income, capital preservation and, to a lesser extent, long-term capital appreciation by investing primarily in privately-negotiated loans to private middle market United States (U.S.) companies. On April 1, 2015, the Master Fund elected to be regulated as a business development company ("BDC") under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the "1940 Act"). The Master Fund commenced investment operations on April 2, 2015. The Master Fund serves as the master fund in a master fund/feeder fund structure. The Master Fund issues its shares ("Shares" or "Common Shares") to one or more affiliated feeder funds in a continuous series of private placement transactions. 
 In accordance with the offering documents and the intention of Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2016 T ("GCIF 2016T") and Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2019 ("GCIF 2019") (together, the "Feeder Funds") to provide substantial shareholder liquidity, the Boards of Trustees of the Master Fund and the Feeder Funds approved respective Plans of Liquidation for each company on March 30, 2021 (each, a "Liquidation Plan"). In accordance with the Liquidation Plans, the Board has declared multiple liquidating distributions . These distributions have been substantially composed of return of capital and have decreased the net asset value of the Master Fund and Feeder Funds. As such, the value on shareholder s investment statements has decreased as liquidating distributions have been paid. 
 In accordance with the Liquidation Plan, the Master Fund and the Feeder Funds will remain registered as a BDC and intend to maintain their qualifications, as regulated investment company ("RIC") under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). 
 Guggenheim Partners Investment Management, LLC ("Guggenheim" or the "Advisor") is responsible for sourcing potential investments, analyzing and conducting due diligence on prospective investment opportunities, structuring investments and ongoing monitoring of the Master Fund s investment portfolio. 
 As of December 31, 2022, Hamilton Finance LLC ("Hamilton"), a previous, wholly-owned, special purpose financing subsidiary of the Master Fund was dissolved. 
 
 Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies 
 Basis of Presentation 
 Management has determined that the Master Fund meets the definition of an investment company and adheres to the accounting and reporting guidance in the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") Topic 946 Financial Services Investment Companies ("ASC 946"). 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements of the Master Fund and related financial information have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. ("GAAP") and pursuant to the requirements for reporting on Form 10-K and Regulation S-X under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 Principles of Consolidation 
 As provided under ASC 946, the Master Fund will generally not consolidate its investment in a company other than an investment in an investment company or an operating company whose business consists of providing substantially all of its services to the benefit of the Master Fund. Accordingly, the Master Fund consolidated the results of its wholly-owned subsidiary in its consolidated financial statements. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. 
 Use of Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect (i) the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, (ii) the reported amounts of income and expenses during the reported period and (iii) disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates under different assumptions and conditions. 
 F-17 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 Cash consists of demand deposits held at a major U.S. financial institution and the amount recorded on the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities exceeds the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insured limit. Management believes the credit risk related to its demand deposits is minimal. 
 Cash equivalents include short-term, highly liquid instruments with an original maturity of three months or less. As of December 31, 2022, the Master Fund's cash equivalents of 9.0 million were held in a U.S. Bank money market deposit account. The U.S. Bank money market deposit account is considered a Level 1 security within the fair value hierarchy. Cash and cash equivalents, at times, may exceed federal insured limits. 
 Restricted Cash 
 Restricted cash consists of cash collateral that has been pledged to cover obligations of the Master Fund according to its derivative contracts and demand deposits held at a major U.S. financial institution on behalf of Hamilton. Hamilton may be restricted in the distribution of cash to the Master Fund, as governed by the terms of the Hamilton Credit Facility (see Note 7. Borrowings). Management believes the credit risk related to its demand deposits is minimal. 
 Valuation of Investments 
 The Master Fund measures the value of its investments in accordance with ASC Topic 820 Fair Value Measurement ASC 820 ), issued by the FASB. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Market participants are defined as buyers and sellers in the principal or most advantageous market (which may be a hypothetical market) that are independent, knowledgeable and willing and able to transact. In accordance with ASC 820, the Master Fund considers its principal market to be the market that has the greatest volume and level of activity. 
 ASC 820 defines hierarchical levels directly related to the amount of subjectivity associated with the inputs used to determine fair values of assets and liabilities. The hierarchical levels and types of inputs used to measure fair value for each level are described as follows: 
 Level 1 - Quoted prices are available in active markets for identical investments as of the reporting date. Publicly listed equities and debt securities, publicly listed derivatives, money market/short-term investment funds and foreign currency are generally included in Level 1. The Master Fund does not adjust the quoted price for these investments. 
 Level 2 - Valuation inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date, and fair value is determined through the use of models or other valuation methodologies. In certain cases, debt and equity securities are valued on the basis of prices from orderly transactions for similar investments in active markets between market participants and provided by reputable dealers or independent pricing services. In determining the value of a particular investment, independent pricing services may use certain information with respect to transactions in such investments, quotations from multiple dealers or brokers, pricing matrices, market transactions in comparable investments and various relationships between investments. Investments generally included in this category are corporate bonds and loans. 
 Level 3 - Valuation inputs are unobservable for the investment and include situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the investment. The inputs into the determination of fair value require significant judgment or estimation. Investments generally included in this category are illiquid corporate bonds and loans and preferred stock investments that lack observable market pricing. 
 In certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall within different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In such cases, an investment s level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Depending on the relative liquidity in the markets for certain investments, the Master Fund may transfer assets to Level 3 if it determines that observable quoted prices, obtained directly or indirectly, are severely limited, or not available, or otherwise not reliable. The Master Fund s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment, and the consideration of factors specific to the investment. 
 F-18 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Investments for which market quotations are readily available are valued using market quotations, which are generally obtained from independent pricing services, broker-dealers or market makers. With respect to the Master Fund s portfolio investments for which market quotations are not readily available, the Master Fund's board of trustees ("Board of Trustees"), including our trustees who are not "interested persons" as defined in the 1940 Act (the "Independent Trustees"), is responsible for determining in good faith the fair value of the Master Fund s portfolio investments in accordance with the valuation policy and procedures approved by the Board of Trustees, based on, among other things, the input of Guggenheim and management, its audit committee and independent third-party valuation firms. The Master Fund and the Board of Trustees conduct their fair value determination process on a quarterly basis and any other time when a decision regarding the fair value of the portfolio investments is required. 
 The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC adopted Rule 2a-5 under the 1940 Act Rule 2a-5 which establishes requirements for determining fair value in good faith and became effective September 8, 2022. Rule 2a-5 also defines when readily available market quotations for purposes of the 1940 Act and establishes requirements for determining whether a fund must fair value a security in good faith. Pursuant to Rule 2a-5, the Board has designated the Advisor as the valuation designee to perform fair valuation determinations for the Master Fund with respect to all Fund investments and/or other assets. 
 The valuation techniques used by the Master Fund for the assets that are classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy are described below. 
 Senior Debt and Subordinated Debt: Senior debt and subordinated debt investments are valued at initial transaction price and are subsequently valued using (i) market data for similar instruments (e.g., recent transactions or indicative broker quotes), and/or (ii) valuation models. Valuation models may be based on investment yield analysis and discounted cash flow techniques, where the key inputs include risk-adjusted discount rates and required rates of return, based on the analysis of similar debt investments issued by similar issuers. 
 Equity/Other Investments: Equity/other investments are valued at initial transaction price and are subsequently valued using valuation models in the absence of readily observable market prices. Valuation models are generally based on (i) market and income (discounted cash flow) approaches, in which various internal and external factors are considered, and (ii) earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA") multiples analysis. Factors include key financial inputs and recent public and private transactions for comparable investments. Key inputs used for the discounted cash flow approach include the weighted average cost of capital and investment terminal values derived from EBITDA multiples. An illiquidity discount may be applied where appropriate. 
 The Master Fund utilizes several valuation techniques that use unobservable pricing inputs and assumptions in determining the fair value of its Level 3 investments. The valuation techniques, as well as the key unobservable inputs that have a significant impact on the Master Fund s investments classified and valued as Level 3 in the valuation hierarchy, are described in Note 5. Fair Value of Financial Instruments . The unobservable inputs and assumptions may differ by asset and in the application of the Master Fund s valuation methodologies. The reported fair value estimates could vary materially if the Master Fund had chosen to incorporate different unobservable pricing inputs and assumptions. 
 The determination of fair value involves subjective judgments and estimates. Due to the inherent uncertainty of determining the fair value of portfolio investments that do not have a readily available market value, the fair value of investments may differ materially from the values that would have been determined had a readily available market value existed for such investments. Further, such investments are generally less liquid than publicly traded securities. If the Master Fund was required to liquidate a portfolio investment that does not have a readily available market value in a forced or liquidation sale, the Master Fund could realize significantly less value than the value recorded by the Master Fund. 
 F-19 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Security Transactions and Realized/Unrealized Gains or Losses 
 Investments purchased on a secondary market basis are recorded on the trade date. Loan originations are recorded on the funding date. All investments sold are derecognized on the trade date. The Master Fund measures realized gains or losses from the repayment or sale of investments using the specific lot identification method. Realized gains or losses are measured by the difference between (i) the net proceeds from the repayment or sale, inclusive of any prepayment premiums and (ii) the amortized cost basis of the investment without regard to unrealized appreciation or depreciation previously recognized and include investments charged off during the period, net of recoveries. Unrealized appreciation or depreciation primarily measures the change in investment values, including the reversal of previously recorded unrealized appreciation or depreciation when gains or losses are realized. The amortized cost basis of investments includes (i) the original cost, net of original issue discount and loan origination fees, if any, and (ii) adjustments for the accretion/amortization of market discounts and premiums. The Master Fund reports changes in fair value of investments as net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income is recorded on an accrual basis and includes amortization of premiums to par value and accretion of discounts to par value. Discounts and premiums to par value on securities purchased are accreted/amortized into interest income over the life of the respective security using the effective interest method, or straight-line method, as applicable. Loan origination, closing and other fees received by the Master Fund directly or indirectly from borrowers in connection with the closing of investments are accreted over the contractual life of the debt investment as interest income based on the effective interest method. 
 Certain of the Master Fund s investments in debt securities may contain a contractual payment-in-kind ("PIK") interest provision. The PIK provisions generally feature the obligation, or the option, at each interest payment date of making interest payments in (i) cash, (ii) additional securities or (iii) a combination of cash and additional securities. PIK interest, computed at the contractual rate specified in the investment s credit agreement, is accrued as interest income and recorded as interest receivable up to the interest payment date. On the interest payment date, the Master Fund will capitalize the accrued interest receivable attributable to PIK as additional principal due from the borrower. When additional PIK securities are received on the interest payment date, they typically have the same terms, including maturity dates and interest rates, as the original securities issued. PIK interest generally becomes due on the investment's maturity date or call date. 
 If the portfolio company's valuation indicates the value of the PIK security is not sufficient to cover the contractual PIK interest, the Master Fund will not accrue additional PIK interest income and will record an allowance for any accrued PIK interest receivable as a reduction of interest income in the period the Master Fund determines it is not collectible. 
 Debt securities are placed on non-accrual status when principal or interest payments are at least 90 days past due or when there is reasonable doubt that principal or interest will be collected. Generally, accrued interest is reversed against interest income when a debt security is placed on non-accrual status. Interest payments received on debt securities on non-accrual status may be recognized as interest income or applied to principal based on management s judgment. Debt securities on non-accrual status are restored to accrual status when past due principal and interest are paid, and, in management s judgment, such securities are likely to remain current on interest payment obligations. The Master Fund may make exceptions to this treatment if the debt security has sufficient collateral value and is in the process of collection. 
 Dividend Income 
 Dividend income on preferred equity securities is recorded as dividend income on an accrual basis to the extent that such amounts are payable by the portfolio company and are expected to be collected. Dividend income on equity securities is recorded on the record date for private portfolio companies or on the ex-dividend date for publicly traded portfolio companies. Each distribution received from limited liability company LLC and limited partnership LP equity investments is evaluated to determine if the distribution should be recorded as dividend income or a return of capital. Generally, the Master Fund will not record distributions from equity investments in LLCs and LPs as dividend income unless there are sufficient accumulated tax basis earnings and profits in the LLC or LP prior to the distribution. Distributions that are classified as a return of capital are recorded as a reduction in the cost basis of the investment. 
 F-20 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Fee Income 
 Guggenheim, or its affiliates, may provide financial advisory services to portfolio companies and in return may receive fees for capital structuring services. Guggenheim is obligated to remit to the Master Fund any earned capital structuring fees based on the pro rata portion of the Master Fund s investment in originated co-investment transactions. These fees are generally non-recurring and are recognized as fee income by the Master Fund upon the earlier of the investment commitment date or investment closing date. The Master Fund may also receive fees for investment commitments, amendments to credit agreements and other services rendered to portfolio companies. Such fees are recognized as fee income when earned or when the services are rendered. 
 Derivative Instruments 
 Derivative instruments solely consist of foreign currency forward contracts. The Master Fund recognizes all derivative instruments as assets or liabilities at fair value in its consolidated financial statements. Foreign currency forward contracts entered into by the Master Fund are not designated as hedging instruments, and as a result, the Master Fund presents changes in fair value through net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on foreign currency forward contracts in the consolidated statements of operations. Realized gains and losses that occur upon the cash settlement of the foreign currency forward contracts are included in net realized gains (losses) on foreign currency forward contracts on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 Foreign Currency Translation, Transactions and Gains (Losses) 
 Foreign currency amounts are translated into U.S. dollars on the following basis: (i) at the exchange rate on the last business day of the reporting period for the fair value of investment securities, other assets and liabilities; and (ii) at the prevailing exchange rate on the respective recording dates for the purchase and sale of investment securities, income, expenses, gains and losses. 
 Net assets and fair values are presented based on the applicable foreign exchange rates described above and the Master Fund does not isolate that portion of the results of operations resulting from changes in foreign exchange rates on investments from the fluctuations arising from changes in fair values of investments held; therefore, fluctuations related to foreign exchange rate conversions are included with the net realized gains (losses) and unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments. 
 Net realized gains or losses on foreign currency transactions arise from sales of foreign currency, currency gains or losses realized between the trade and settlement dates on securities transactions and the difference between the amounts of dividends, interest and foreign withholding taxes recorded by the Master Fund and the U.S. dollar equivalent of the amounts actually received or paid by the Master Fund. 
 Unrealized appreciation (depreciation) from foreign currency translation for foreign currency forward contracts is included in net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on foreign currency forward contracts in the consolidated statements of operations and is included in accumulated earnings (loss), net of distributions on the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities. 
 Investment Advisory Fees 
 The Master Fund incurs investment advisory fees including: (i) a base management fee and (ii) a performance-based incentive fee which includes (a) an incentive fee on income and (b) an incentive fee on capital gains, due to Guggenheim pursuant to an investment advisory agreement between the Master Fund and Guggenheim (the "Investment Advisory Agreement") as described in Note 6. Related Party Agreements and Transactions . The two components of the performance-based incentive fee will be combined and expensed in the consolidated statements of operations and accrued in the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities as accrued performance-based incentive fee. Pursuant to the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement, the incentive fee on capital gains is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the Investment Advisory Agreement) based on the Master Fund s realized capital gains on a cumulative basis from inception, net of all realized capital losses and unrealized depreciation on a cumulative basis, less the aggregate amount of any previously paid capital gains incentive fees. Although the terms of the Investment Advisory Agreement do not provide for the inclusion of unrealized gains in the calculation of the incentive fee on capital gains, the Master Fund includes unrealized gains in the calculation of the incentive fee on capital gains in accordance with GAAP. Therefore the accrued amount, if any, represents an estimate of the incentive fees that may be payable to Guggenheim if the Master Fund s entire investment portfolio was liquidated at its fair value as of the date of the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities, even though Guggenheim is not entitled to any incentive fee based on unrealized appreciation unless and until such unrealized appreciation is realized. 
 F-21 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Deferred Financing Costs 
 Deferred financing costs represent fees and other direct incremental costs incurred in connection with the arrangement of the Master Fund's borrowings. These costs are presented in the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities as a direct deduction of the debt liability to which the costs pertain. These costs are amortized using the effective interest method and are included in interest expense on the consolidated statements of operations over the life of the borrowings. 
 Distributions 
 Distributions to the Master Fund's common shareholders are periodically declared by its Board of Trustees and recognized as a liability on the record date. 
 Federal Income Taxes 
 Beginning with its tax year ended December 31, 2015, the Master Fund has elected to be treated for federal income tax purposes, and thereafter intends to maintain its qualification, as a RIC under the Code. Generally, a RIC is not subject to federal income taxes on distributed income and gains if it distributes dividends in a timely manner out of assets legally available for distributions to its shareholders of an amount generally at least equal to 90 of its Investment Company Taxable Income, as defined in the Code. The Master Fund intends to distribute sufficient dividends to maintain its RIC status each year and it does not anticipate paying a material level of federal income taxes. 
 The Master Fund is generally subject to nondeductible federal excise taxes if it does not distribute dividends to its shareholders in respect of each calendar year of an amount at least equal to the sum of (i) 98 of its net ordinary income (taking into account certain deferrals and elections) for the calendar year, (ii) 98.2 of its capital gain net income i.e. , capital gains in excess of capital losses), adjusted for certain ordinary losses, for the one-year period generally ending on October 31 st of the calendar year and (iii) any net ordinary income and capital gain net income for preceding calendar years that were not distributed during such calendar years and on which the Master Fund paid no federal income tax. The Master Fund may, at its discretion, pay a 4 nondeductible federal excise tax on under-distribution of taxable ordinary income and capital gains. 
 The Master Fund follows ASC 740, Income Taxes ASC 740 ). ASC 740 provides guidance for how uncertain tax positions should be recognized, measured, presented and disclosed in the financial statements. ASC 740 requires the evaluation of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the course of preparing our tax returns to determine whether the tax positions are more-likely-than-not of being sustained by the applicable tax authority. Tax positions not deemed to meet the more-likely-than-not threshold are recorded as a tax benefit or expense in the current year. Penalties or interest, if applicable, that may be assessed relating to income taxes would be classified as other expenses in the statements of operations. Management has reviewed all open tax years and concluded that there is no effect to the Master Funds financial positions or results of operations and no tax liability was required to be recorded resulting from unrecognized tax benefits relating to uncertain income tax position taken or expected to be taken on a tax return. During this period, the Master Fund did not incur any material interest or penalties. Open tax years are those years that are open for examination by the relevant income taxing authority. As of December 31, 2022, open U.S. Federal and state income tax years include the tax years ended December 31, 2018 through December 31, 2022. The Master Fund has no examinations in progress. Management s determinations regarding ASC 740 may be subject to review and adjustment at a later date based upon factors including, but not limited to, an on-going analysis of tax laws, regulations and interpretations thereof. 
 
 Note 3. Investments 
 The following table presents the composition of the investment portfolio at amortized cost and fair value as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, with corresponding percentages of total investments at fair value: 
 F-22 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Amortized Cost Fair Value Percentage of Investments at Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value Percentage of Investments at Fair Value Senior secured loans - first lien 41,668 39,028 96.0 101,275 102,941 82.9 Senior secured loans - second lien 5,250 1,126 2.8 20,201 17,860 14.4 Senior secured bonds 1,520 102 0.3 4,041 2,268 1.8 Total senior debt 48,438 40,256 99.1 125,517 123,069 99.1 Equity and other 385 0.9 46 1,070 0.9 Total investments 48,438 40,641 100.0 125,563 124,139 100.0 
 The following table presents the composition of the investment portfolio by industry classifications at amortized cost and fair value as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, with corresponding percentages of total investments at fair value: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Industry Classification Amortized Cost Fair Value Percentage of Investments at Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value Percentage of Investments at Fair Value Services: Business 15,014 10,090 24.8 19,255 17,610 14.2 Consumer Goods: Non-Durable 8,309 7,172 17.6 8,167 8,261 6.7 Technology 5,981 6,247 15.5 25,746 27,082 21.8 Metals Mining 5,500 5,165 12.7 5,330 5,258 4.2 Automotive 4,072 3,490 8.6 11,772 12,124 9.8 Hotel, Gaming Leisure 2,279 2,228 5.5 2,309 2,252 1.8 Telecommunications 2,158 2,007 4.9 4,660 4,595 3.7 Retail 1,685 1,798 4.4 7,417 6,779 5.5 Chemicals, Plastics Rubber 957 944 2.3 12,880 12,946 10.4 Beverage, Food Tobacco 713 910 2.2 737 971 0.8 Energy: Oil Gas 1,770 590 1.5 2,431 1,249 1.0 Banking, Finance, Insurance Real Estate 2,637 2,772 2.2 Capital Equipment 2,000 1,955 1.6 Containers, Packaging Glass 6,310 6,546 5.3 Healthcare Pharmaceuticals 7,974 7,844 6.3 Utilities: Electric 5,938 5,895 4.7 Total investments 48,438 40,641 100.0 125,563 124,139 100.0 
 The following table presents the geographic dispersion of the investment portfolio as a percentage of total investments at fair value as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 
 Geographic Dispersion December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 United States of America 100.0 89.8 United Kingdom 8.7 Canada 1.5 Total investments 100.0 100.0 
 F-23 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 4. Derivative Instruments 
 The Master Fund may enter into foreign currency forward contracts from time to time to facilitate settlement of purchases and sales of investments denominated in foreign currencies and to economically hedge the impact that an adverse change in foreign exchange rates would have on the value of the Master Fund's investments denominated in foreign currencies. A foreign currency forward contract is a commitment to purchase or sell a foreign currency at a future date at a negotiated forward rate. These contracts are marked-to-market by recognizing the difference between the contract forward exchange rate and the forward market exchange rate on the last day of the period presented as unrealized appreciation or depreciation. Realized gains or losses are recognized when forward contracts are settled. Risks arise as a result of the potential inability of the counterparties to meet the terms of their contracts; the Master Fund attempts to limit counterparty risk by only dealing with well-known counterparties and those that it believes have the financial resources to honor their obligations. The foreign currency forward contracts open at the end of the period are generally indicative of the volume of activity during the period. 
 The following tables present the Master Fund's open foreign currency forward contracts as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 
 December 31, 2022 Foreign Currency Settlement Date Statement Location Counterparty Amount Transacted Notional Value at Settlement Notional Value at Period End Fair Value GBP January 17, 2023 Unrealized appreciation on foreign currency forward contracts JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 2,457 3,045 2,972 73 Total 3,045 2,972 73 
 December 31, 2021 Foreign Currency Settlement Date Statement Location Counterparty Amount Transacted Notional Value at Settlement Notional Value at Period End Fair Value EUR January 14, 2022 Unrealized depreciation on foreign currency forward contracts JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 1,055 1,189 1,201 (12) GBP January 14, 2022 Unrealized depreciation on foreign currency forward contracts JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 8,609 11,387 11,655 (268) Total 12,576 12,856 (280) 
 The following table presents the net realized and unrealized gains and losses on derivative instruments recorded by the Master Fund for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, Statement Location 2022 2021 2020 Net realized gains (losses) Foreign currency forward contracts Net realized gains (losses) on foreign currency forward contracts 14 (287) (258) Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) Foreign currency forward contracts Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on foreign currency forward contracts 353 488 (681) Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) on foreign currency forward contracts 367 201 (939) 
 F-24 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

For derivatives traded under an International Swaps and Derivatives Association Master Agreement ("ISDA Master Agreement"), the collateral requirements are typically calculated by netting the mark-to-market amount for each transaction under such agreement and comparing that amount to the value of any collateral currently pledged by the Master Fund and/or the counterparty. Cash collateral that has been pledged, if any, to cover obligations of the Master Fund and cash collateral received from the counterparty, if any, is reported on the consolidated statements of assets and liabilities as collateral deposits (received) for foreign currency forward contracts. Generally, the amount of collateral due from or to a party has to exceed a minimum transfer amount threshold before a transfer is required. To the extent amounts due to the Master Fund from a counterparty are not fully collateralized, the Master Fund bears the risk of loss from counterparty non-performance. 
 The following table presents the Master Fund's derivative assets and liabilities by counterparty, net of amounts available for offset under a master netting agreement or similar arrangement, and net of related collateral received by the Master Fund for assets or pledged for liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 
 As of Counterparty Gross Derivative Assets in Statement of Assets and Liabilities Gross Derivative Liabilities in Statement of Assets and Liabilities Collateral Pledged (Received) Net position of Derivative Assets, Liabilities and Pledged Collateral December 31, 2022 JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. 73 73 December 31, 2021 JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. (280) (280) 
 
 Note 5. Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 The following tables present the segmentation of the investment portfolio at fair value, as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, according to the fair value hierarchy as described in Note 2. Significant Accounting Policies : 
 December 31, 2022 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Investments Senior secured loans - first lien 13,879 25,149 39,028 Senior secured loans - second lien 1,126 1,126 Senior secured bonds 102 102 Total senior debt 15,005 25,251 40,256 Equity and other 385 385 Total investments 15,005 25,636 40,641 Percentage 0.0 36.9 63.1 100.0 Derivative Instruments Foreign currency forward contracts 73 73 
 December 31, 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Investments Senior secured loans - first lien 38,280 64,661 102,941 Senior secured loans - second lien 3,350 14,510 17,860 Senior secured bonds 2,268 2,268 Total senior debt 43,898 79,171 123,069 Equity and other 173 897 1,070 Total investments 44,071 80,068 124,139 Percentage 0.0 35.5 64.5 100.0 Derivative Instruments Foreign currency forward contracts (280) (280) 
 F-25 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Significant Level 3 Unobservable Inputs 
 The following tables present quantitative information related to the significant Level 3 unobservable inputs associated with the determination of fair value for certain investments as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 
 December 31, 2022 Asset Category Fair Value Valuation Techniques (1) 
 Unobservable Inputs (2) 
 Weighted Average Input Value Range (3) 
 Impact to Valuation from an Increase in Input (4) 
 Senior Secured Loans - First Lien 24,740 Yield analysis Yield 12.52 1.01 - 16.04 Decrease Equity/Other 79 Market comparable Cash Flow Multiple 5x 5x Increase Market comparable Oil production multiple (5) 
 28043x 28043x Increase Market comparable Oil reserve multiple (6) 
 12.3x 12.3x Increase 276 Discounted cash flow EBITDA multiple 10.6x 10.6x Increase Discounted cash flow Discount Rate 20.00 20.00 Decrease Total 25,095 _______________ 
 (1) For the investments that have more than one valuation technique, the Master Fund may rely on the stated techniques individually or in the aggregate based on a weight ascribed to each valuation technique, ranging from 0 to 100 . 
 (2) The Master Fund generally uses prices provided by an independent pricing service, or directly from an independent broker, which are non-binding indicative prices on or near the valuation date as the primary basis for the fair valuation determinations for quoted senior secured bonds and loans. Since these prices are non-binding, they may not be indicative of fair value. Each quoted price is evaluated by Guggenheim in conjunction with additional information compiled by it, including financial performance, recent business developments and various other factors. Investments with fair values determined in this manner were not included in the table above. As of December 31, 2022, the Master Fund had investments of this nature measured at fair value tota ling 0.5 million. 
 (3) A range is not provided when there is only one investment within the classification or multiple investments that have the same unobservable input; weighted average amounts are based on the estimated fair values. 
 (4) This column represents the directional change in the fair value of the Level 3 investments that would result from an increase to the corresponding unobservable input. A decrease to the unobservable input would have the opposite effect. Significant changes in these inputs in isolation could result in significantly higher or lower fair value measurements. 
 (5) Oil production multiple is valued based on thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day (MBOE/d). 
 (6) Oil reserve multiple is valued based on million barrels of oil equivalent (MMBOE). 
 F-26 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

December 31, 2021 Asset Category Fair Value Valuation Techniques (1) 
 Unobservable Inputs (2) 
 Weighted Average Input Value Range (3) 
 Impact to Valuation from an Increase in Input (4) 
 Senior Secured Loans - First Lien 61,459 Yield analysis Yield 7.30 4.49 - 12.89 Decrease 914 Transacted value Potential Transaction 200.00 200.00 Increase Discounted cash flow EBITDA multiple 11.0x 11.0x Increase Senior Secured Loans - Second Lien 11,023 Yield analysis Yield 8.97 8.25 - 9.60 Decrease Equity/Other 476 Transacted value Potential Transaction 50.00 50.00 Increase 243 Market comparable Cash Flow Multiple 3.0x 3.0x Increase Market comparable Oil production multiple (5) 
 22301x 22301x Increase Market comparable Oil reserve multiple (6) 
 10.1x 10.1x Increase 51 Market comparable EBITDA multiple 21.5x 21.5x Increase Market comparable Discount Rate 25.00 25.00 Decrease 6 Discounted cash flow Discount Rate 25.00 25.00 Decrease Discounted cash flow Terminal EBITDA Multiple 5.8x 5.8x Increase 121 Discounted cash flow EBITDA multiple 10.6x 10.6x Increase Discounted cash flow Discount Rate 20.00 20.00 Decrease Total 74,293 _______________ 
 (1) For the investments that have more than one valuation technique, the Master Fund may rely on the stated techniques individually or in the aggregate based on a weight ascribed to each valuation technique, ranging from 0 to 100 . 
 (2) The Master Fund generally uses prices provided by an independent pricing service, or directly from an independent broker, which are non-binding indicative prices on or near the valuation date as the primary basis for the fair valuation determinations for quoted senior secured bonds and loans. Since these prices are non-binding, they may not be indicative of fair value. Each quoted price is evaluated by Guggenheim in conjunction with additional information compiled by it, including financial performance, recent business developments and various other factors. Investments with fair values determined in this manner were not included in the table above. As of December 31, 2021, the Master Fund had investments of this nature measured at fair value totaling 5.8 million. 
 (3) A range is not provided when there is only one investment within the classification or multiple investments that have the same unobservable input; weighted average amounts are based on the estimated fair values. 
 (4) This column represents the directional change in the fair value of the Level 3 investments that would result from an increase to the corresponding unobservable input. A decrease to the unobservable input would have the opposite effect. Significant changes in these inputs in isolation could result in significantly higher or lower fair value measurements. 
 (5) Investments may be valued at cost for a period of time after acquisition as the best indicator of fair value. 
 (6) Oil production multiple is valued based on thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day (MBOE/d). 
 (7) Oil reserve multiple is valued based on million barrels of oil equivalent (MMBOE). 
 In addition to the Level 3 valuation methodologies and unobservable inputs noted above, the Master Fund, in accordance with its valuation policy, may also use other valuation techniques and methodologies when determining the fair value estimates for its investments. 
 F-27 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

The following tables present a roll-forward of the fair value changes for all investments for which the Master Fund determines fair value using Level 3 unobservable inputs for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 Senior Secured Loans - First Lien Senior Secured Loans - Second Lien Senior Secured Bonds Equity and Other Total Balance as of January 1, 2022 64,661 14,510 897 80,068 Additions (1) 
 2,664 2,664 Sales and repayments (2) 
 (40,993) (10,745) (410) (2,586) (54,734) Net realized gains (losses) (3) 
 5 (318) 5 2,540 2,232 Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments (4) 
 (1,749) (1,155) 417 (501) (2,988) Net discount accretion 170 29 199 Transfers into Level 3 (5) 
 4,893 2,697 90 35 7,715 Transfers out of Level 3 (6) 
 (4,502) (5,018) (9,520) Fair value balance as of December 31, 2022 25,149 102 385 25,636 Change in net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments held as of December 31, 2022 (473) 309 (152) (316) _______________ 
 (1) Includes increases in the cost basis of investments resulting from new and incremental portfolio investments, including the capitalization of PIK income. 
 (2) Includes principal payments/paydowns on debt investments and proceeds from sales of investments. 
 (3) Included in net realized gains (losses) on investments on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 (4) I ncluded in net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 (5) For the year ended December 31, 2022, investments were transferred from Level 2 to Level 3 as valuation coverage was reduced to one independent pricing service without any corroborating recent trade or another broker quotation. 
 (6) For the year ended December 31, 2022, investments were transferred from Level 3 to Level 2 as valuation coverage was initiated by more than one independent pricing services or by one independent pricing service with a corroborating recent trade or another broker quotation. 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Senior Secured Loans - First Lien Senior Secured Loans - Second Lien Senior Secured Bonds Senior Unsecured Debt Equity and Other Total Balance as of January 1, 2021 167,513 19,622 2,128 2,205 191,468 Additions (1) 
 4,609 66 1,088 5,763 Sales and repayments (2) 
 (117,266) (9,000) (1,164) (2,118) (2,828) (132,376) Net realized gains (losses) (3) 
 (14) 76 76 21 (2,623) (2,464) Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments (4) 
 5,350 410 (29) 4,435 10,166 Net discount accretion 327 (80) (2) 245 Transfers into Level 3 (5) 
 11,320 6,176 17,496 Transfers out of Level 3 (6) 
 (7,178) (2,760) (292) (10,230) Fair value balance as of December 31, 2021 64,661 14,510 897 80,068 Change in net unrealized appreciation on investments held as of December 31, 2021 889 149 2,058 3,096 
 _______________ 
 (1) Includes increases in the cost basis of investments resulting from new and incremental portfolio investments, including the capitalization of PIK income. 
 (2) Includes principal payments/paydowns on debt investments and proceeds from sales of investments. 
 (3) Included in net realized gains (losses) on investments on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 (4) I ncluded in net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 F-28 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(5) For the year ended December 31, 2021, investments were transferred from Level 2 to Level 3 as valuation coverage was reduced to one independent pricing service without any corroborating recent trade or another broker quotation. 
 (6) For the year ended December 31, 2021, investments were transferred from Level 3 to Level 2 as valuation coverage was initiated by more than one independent pricing services or by one independent pricing service with a corroborating recent trade or another broker quotation. 
 
 Note 6. Related Party Agreements and Transactions 
 The Master Fund is affiliated with Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2016 T ("GCIF 2016T") and Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2019 ("GCIF 2019") (together, the "Feeder Funds"). The membership of the Boards of Trustees for the Master Fund, GCIF 2016T and GCIF 2019 are identical. The Feeder Funds have invested, and/or intend to invest, substantially all of the proceeds from their public offerings of common shares in the acquisition of the Master Fund's Common Shares. 
 One of the Master Fund's executive officers, Brian Binder, Senior Vice President, serves as an executive officer of Guggenheim. All of the Master Fund's executive officers also serve as executive officers of the Feeder Funds. 
 Guggenheim and/or its affiliates receive, as applicable, compensation for (i) investment advisory services, (ii) reimbursement of expenses in connection with investment advisory activities, administrative services and organizing the Master Fund and (iii) capital markets services in connection with the raising of equity capital for Feeder Funds affiliated with the Master Fund, as more fully discussed below. 
 Investment Advisory Agreements and Compensation of the Advisor 
 The Master Fund is party to an Investment Advisory Agreement with Guggenheim, pursuant to which the Master Fund agreed to pay Guggenheim an investment advisory fee consisting of two components: (i) a management fee and (ii) a performance-based incentive fee. Guggenheim continues to be entitled to reimbursement of certain expenses incurred on behalf of the Master Fund in connection with investment operations and investment transactions. 
 Management Fees: The management fee is calculated at an annual rate of 1.75 based on the simple average of the Master Fund's gross assets at the end of the two most recently completed calendar months and it is payable in arrears. 
 Performance-based Incentive Fee: The performance-based incentive fee consists of two parts: (i) an incentive fee on income and (ii) an incentive fee on capital gains. 
 (i) The incentive fee on income is paid quarterly, if earned; it is computed as the sum of (A) 100 of quarterly pre-incentive fee net investment income in excess of 1.875 of average adjusted capital up to a limit of 2.344 of average adjusted capital, and (B) 20 of pre-incentive fee net investment income in excess of 2.344 of average adjusted capital. 
 (ii) The incentive fee on capital gains is paid annually, if earned; it is equal to 20 of realized capital gains on a cumulative basis from inception, net of (A) all realized capital losses and unrealized depreciation on a cumulative basis from inception, and (B) the aggregate amount, if any, of previously paid incentive fees on capital gains. 
 All fees are computed in accordance with a detailed fee calculation methodology as approved by the Board of Trustees. 
 The Investment Advisory Agreement may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty: (i) by the Master Fund upon 60 days' written notice to Guggenheim, or (ii) by Guggenheim upon not less than 120 days' written notice to the Master Fund. In the event that the Investment Advisory Agreement is terminated by Guggenheim, and if the Independent Trustees elect to continue the Master Fund, then Guggenheim shall pay all direct expenses incurred by the Master Fund as a result of Guggenheim's withdrawal, up to, but not exceeding 250,000. Unless earlier terminated, the Investment Advisory Agreement will remain in effect for a period of two years from the date on which the Master Fund's shareholders approved the Investment Advisory Agreement and will remain in effect year to year thereafter if approved annually (i) by a majority of the Master Fund's Independent Trustees and (ii) the Master Fund's Board of Trustees or the holders of a majority of the Master Fund's outstanding voting securities. 
 F-29 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Administrative Services Agreement 
 The Master Fund entered into an administrative services agreement with Guggenheim (the "Administrative Services Agreement") whereby Guggenheim agreed to provide administrative services to the Master Fund, including office facilities and equipment, and clerical, bookkeeping and record-keeping services. More specifically, Guggenheim, serving as the administrator (the "Administrator"), performs and oversees the Master Fund's required administrative services, which included financial and corporate record-keeping, preparing and disseminating the Master Fund's reports to its shareholders and filing reports with the SEC. In addition, the Administrator assists in determining net asset value, overseeing the preparation and filing of tax returns, overseeing the payment of expenses and distributions and overseeing the performance of administrative and professional services fees rendered by others. For providing these services, facilities and personnel, the Master Fund reimburses the Administrator for the allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by the Administrator in performing its obligations under the Administrative Services Agreement. To the extent that the Administrator outsources any of its functions, the Master Fund may pay the fees associated with such functions on a direct basis, without incremental profit to the Administrator. 
 The Administrative Services Agreement may be terminated at any time, without the payment of any penalty: (i) by the Master Fund upon 60 days' written notice to the Administrator upon the vote of the Master Fund's Independent Trustees, or (ii) by the Administrator upon not less than 120 days' written notice to the Master Fund. Unless earlier terminated, the Administrative Services Agreement will remain in effect for two years, and thereafter shall continue automatically for successive one-year periods if approved annually by a majority of the Board of Trustees and the Master Fund's Independent Trustees. 
 Dealer Manager Agreement 
 The Master fund is party to a dealer manager agreement, as amended (the "Dealer Manager Agreement") with Guggenheim Funds Distributors, LLC ("GFD") an affiliate of Guggenheim. Under the terms of the Dealer Manager Agreement, GFD is to act on a best efforts basis as the exclusive dealer manager for (i) GCIF 2016T's and GCIF 2019's public offerings of common shares and (ii) the public offering of common shares for future feeder funds affiliated with the Master Fund. The Master Fund is not responsible for the compensation of GFD pursuant to the terms of the Dealer Manager Agreement; therefore, fees compensating GFD are not presented in this periodic report. As to a Feeder Fund, the Deal Manager Agreement may be terminated by a Feeder Fund or GFD upon 60 calendar days' written notice to the other party. 
 Capital Structuring Fees and Administrative Agency Fees 
 Guggenheim and its affiliates are obligated to remit to the Master Fund any earned capital structuring fees and administrative agency fees i.e. loan administration fees) based on the Master Fund's pro rata portion of the co-investment transactions or originated investments in which the Master Fund participates. 
 Summary of Related Party Transactions 
 The following table presents the related party fees, expenses and transactions for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020: 
 Related Party (1) (2) 
 For the Years Ended December 31, Source Agreement Description 2022 2021 2020 Expenses: Guggenheim Investment Advisory Agreement - management fee 2,047 4,526 6,247 Guggenheim Administrative Services Agreement - expense reimbursement 436 352 644 Income: Guggenheim Share on capital structuring fees and administrative agency fees 10 25 35 
 _______________ 
 (1) Related party transactions not included in the table above consist of Independent Trustees fees and expenses and sales and repurchase of the Master Fund Shares to/from affiliated Feeder Funds as disclosed in the Master Fund's consolidated statements of operations and consolidated statements of changes in net assets, respectively. In accordance with the Liquidation Plan, the Master Fund s share repurchase program has been suspended effective March 31, 2021. 
 (2) As of December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, the Master Fund had accumulated net realized capital losses and net unrealized depreciation and therefore, Guggenheim did not earn any performance-based incentive fee during the respective period. 
 F-30 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Co-Investment Transactions Exemptive Relief 
 The Master Fund was granted an SEC exemptive order which grants the Master Fund exemptive relief permitting the Master Fund, subject to the satisfaction of specific conditions and requirements, to co-invest in privately negotiated investment transactions with certain affiliates of Guggenheim. 
 Indemnification 
 The Investment Advisory Agreement and Administrative Services Agreement provide certain indemnifications to Guggenheim, its directors, officers, persons associated with Guggenheim and its affiliates, including the administrator. In addition, the Master Fund's Declaration of Trust, as amended, provides certain indemnifications to its officers, trustees, agents and certain other persons. As of December 31, 2022, management believes that the risk of incurring any losses for such indemnifications is remote. 
 
 Note 7. Borrowings 
 Hamilton Credit Facility 
 On December 17, 2015, Hamilton initially entered into a senior-secured term loan, as amended (the Hamilton Credit Facility with JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association ("JPM"), as administrative agent, each of the lenders from time to time party thereto, and U.S. Bank National Association, as collateral agent, collateral administrator and securities intermediary. 
 On November 29, 2021, Hamilton repaid in full all outstanding amounts due in connection with, and terminated all commitments under, the Hamilton Credit Facility. On September 30, 2022, Hamilton was dissolved. 
 The components of the Master Fund's interest expense and other financing costs for years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 were as follows: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Stated interest expense 1,999 5,182 Unused/undrawn fees 124 186 Amortization of deferred financing costs 757 381 Total interest expense and other financing costs 2,880 5,749 Average borrowings 73,562 155,907 Weighted average interest rate (1) 
 2.85 3.39 Amortized financing costs 1.01 0.24 Total borrowing cost 3.86 3.63 
 _______________ 
 (1) Calculated as the amount of the stated interest expense and undrawn or unused fees divided by the average borrowings during the reporting period. 
 F-31 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 8. Commitments and Contingencies 
 The amounts associated with unfunded commitments to provide funds to portfolio companies are not recorded in the Master Fund s consolidated statements of assets and liabilities. Since these commitments and the associated amounts may expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amount does not necessarily represent a future cash requirement. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Master Fund s unfunded commitments consisted of the following: 
 Total Unfunded Commitments Category / Portfolio Company (1) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Aceto Chemical (Revolver) 800 Alexander Mann Solutions (Revolver) (2) 
 446 Allvue Systems (Revolver) 26 3 Apptio, Inc. (Revolver) 131 196 Galls LLC (Revolver) 170 268 Hersha Hospitality Management (Delayed Draw) 1,106 Polyvision Corp. (Revolver) 5 189 PSI Services LLC (Revolver) (3) 
 (3) 
 Seal For Life Industries US LLC (Revolver) 412 Wide Orbit (Revolver) 293 293 Total Unfunded Commitments 625 3,713 
 _______________ 
 (1) May pertain to commitments to one or more entities affiliated with the named portfolio company. 
 (2) This commitment is in foreign currency and has been converted to USD using the December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 exchange rates, respectively. 
 (3) Amount is less than 1,000. 
 F-32 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 9. Financial Highlights 
 The following per Common Share data and financial ratios have been derived from information provided in the consolidated financial statements. The following is a schedule of financial highlights during the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, December 31, 2020, December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2018: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 PER COMMON SHARE OPERATING PERFORMANCE Net asset value, beginning of year 6.15 7.56 7.78 8.09 8.52 Net investment income (1) 
 0.20 0.31 0.50 0.63 0.64 Net realized gains (losses) (1) 
 (0.01) (0.07) (0.09) (0.25) 0.24 Net change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) (2) 
 (0.24) 0.61 (0.14) (0.09) (0.47) Net increase (decrease) resulting from operations (0.05) 0.85 0.27 0.29 0.41 Distributions to Common Shareholders (3) 
 Distributions from net investment income (0.20) (0.33) (0.49) (0.59) (0.63) Distributions from realized gains (0.01) (0.21) Distribution in excess of net investment income (3.51) (1.93) Net decrease resulting from distributions (3.71) (2.26) (0.49) (0.60) (0.84) Net asset value, end of year 2.39 6.15 7.56 7.78 8.09 INVESTMENT RETURNS Total investment return (4) 
 (1.82) 11.55 4.12 3.55 4.87 RATIOS/SUPPLEMENTAL DATA Net assets, end of year 61,273 157,280 198,725 211,197 236,232 Average net assets (5) 
 115,491 183,380 197,248 229,144 247,249 Common Shares outstanding, end of year 25,594,125 25,594,125 26,272,618 27,157,534 29,195,002 Weighted average Common Shares outstanding 25,594,125 25,729,824 27,139,732 28,730,579 29,163,651 Ratios-to-average net assets: (5) 
 Total expenses 3.30 5.06 7.3 7.87 6.55 Net investment income 4.46 4.34 6.87 7.88 7.51 Average outstanding borrowings (5) 
 73,562 155,907 160,312 150,000 Portfolio turnover rate (5) (6) 
 5 2 19 20 49 Asset coverage ratio (7) 
 2.53 2.23 2.57 
 _______________ 
 (1) The per Common Share data was derived by using the weighted average Common Shares outstanding during the year presented. 
 (2) The amount shown at this caption is the balancing figure derived from the other figures in the schedule. The amount shown at this caption for a Common Share outstanding throughout the year may not agree with the change in the aggregate appreciation and depreciation in portfolio securities for the year because of the timing of sales of the Master Fund s Common Shares in relation to fluctuating market values for the portfolio. 
 (3) The per Common Share data for distributions is the actual amount of distributions declared per Common Share outstanding during the entire year; distributions per Common Share are rounded to the nearest 0.01. For income tax purposes, distributions made to shareholders are reported as ordinary income, capital gains, non-taxable return of capital or a combination thereof, based on taxable income calculated in accordance with income tax regulations which may differ from amounts determined under GAAP. As of December 31, 2022, the Master Fund estimated distributions to be composed mostly of return of capital. The final determination of the tax character of distributions will not be made until we file our tax return. 
 F-33 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

(4) Total investment return is based on (i) the purchase of Common Shares at net asset value on the first day of the year, (ii) the sale at the net asset value per Common Share on the last day of the year, of (A) all purchased Common Shares plus (B) any fractional Common Shares issued in connection with the reinvestment of distributions and (iii) distributions payable relating to the ownership of Common Shares, if any, on the last day of the year. The total investment return calculation assumes that cash distributions are reinvested concurrent with the issuance of Common Shares at the most recent transaction price on or prior to each distribution payment date. Since there is no public market for the Master Fund s Common Shares, then the terminal sales price per Common Share is assumed to be equal to net asset value per Common Share on the last day of the year. Total investment return is not annualized. The Master Fund s performance changes over time and currently may be different than that shown above. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. 
 (5) The computation of average net assets, average outstanding borrowings and average value of portfolio securities during the year is based on averaging the amount on the first day of the first month of the year and the last day of each month during the year. 
 (6) Portfolio turnover is calculated as the lesser of (i) purchases of portfolio securities or (ii) the aggregate total of sales of portfolio securities plus any repayments received divided by the monthly average of the value of investment portfolio owned by the Master Fund during the year. 
 (7) Asset coverage ratio is equal to (i) the sum of (A) net assets at the end of the year and (B) total senior securities issued at the end of the year, divided by (ii) total senior securities at the end of the year. 
 F-34 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Note 10. Distributions 
 The following table summarizes the distributions that the Master Fund declared on its Common Shares during the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020: 
 Record Date Payment Date Distribution Per Common Share at Record Date Distribution Per Common Share at Payment Date Cash Distribution For Calendar Year 2022 February 1 February 3 0.78000 0.78000 19,964 May 18 May 20 0.78000 0.78000 19,963 August 22 August 24 0.78000 0.78000 19,963 October 25 October 28 0.78000 0.78000 19,963 December 19 December 20 0.59000 0.59000 15,101 3.71000 94,954 For Calendar Year 2021 January 4 January 6 0.03069 0.03069 807 February 2 February 4 0.03376 0.03376 887 March 1 March 2 0.03376 0.03376 887 June 1 June 3 0.98000 0.98000 25,083 August 2 August 4 0.98000 0.98000 25,083 November 1 November 3 0.20000 0.20000 5,116 2.25821 57,863 For Calendar Year 2020 January 2, 6, 13, 20 January 22 0.01100 0.04400 1,195 January 27, February 3, 10, 17 February 19 0.01100 0.04400 1,217 February 24, March 2, 9, 14, 23 March 25 0.01000 0.05000 1,383 March 30, April 6, 13, 20 April 22 0.01000 0.04000 1,084 April 27, May 4, 11, 18 ,25, June 1 June 2 0.01000 0.06000 1,625 June 8, 15, 22, 29 July 2 0.01100 0.04400 1,186 July 6, 13, 20, 27, August 3 August 4 0.00950 0.04750 1,285 August 10, 17, 24, 31 September 2 0.01000 0.04000 1,089 September 7, 14, 21, 28 October 1 0.00980 0.03920 1,063 October 5, 12, 19, 26, November 2 November 3 0.00850 0.04250 1,148 November 9, 16, 23, 30 December 2 0.00561 0.02244 606 December 23 December 24 0.01903 0.01903 500 0.49267 13,381 
 For income tax purposes, the Master Fund estimates that its 2021 calendar year distributions are covered by taxable income and the return of capital (see Note 11. Taxable/Distributable Income ). 
 
 Note 11. Taxable/Distributable Income 
 Income and capital gain distributions are determined in accordance with the Code and federal tax regulations, which may differ from amounts determined in accordance with GAAP. The book-to-tax basis differences, which could be material, may be due to differing treatments of income and gains on various investment securities held by the Master Fund and expenses incurred by the Master Fund. Permanent book-to-tax basis differences result in reclassifications to paid-in capital in excess of par value and accumulated distributions in excess of net investment income. Undistributed (distributions in excess of) net investment income, accumulated net realized gains and accumulated net unrealized appreciation on investments, may include temporary book and tax basis differences which will reverse in subsequent periods. 
 F-35 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, the Master Fund made the following reclassifications of permanent book and tax basis differences: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, Capital Accounts 2022 2021 2020 Undistributed net investment income (1,848) 960 (2,650) Accumulated realized gains (losses) 1,848 (960) 2,650 Total 
 The following table reconciles net increase in net assets resulting from operations to total taxable income available for distributions for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020: 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations (1,053) 21,696 7,444 Net realized losses 178 1,907 2,455 Net change in unrealized (appreciation) depreciation 6,022 (15,654) 3,661 Other book-tax difference 286 52 (186) Total taxable income and gains available for distributions 5,433 8,001 13,374 
 The Master Fund did not incur U.S. federal excise tax for the calendar years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 and the Master Fund does not expect to incur a U.S. federal excise tax for the calendar year ended December 31, 2022. The tax character of shareholder distributions attributable to the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 was as follows : 
 For the Years Ended December 31, Distributions Attributable To: 2022 2021 2020 Ordinary income (including short-term capital gains) 5,433 8,698 13,381 Return of Capital Distribution 89,521 49,165 Total distributions 94,954 57,863 13,381 Distributions as a percentage of taxable income and gains available for distributions (2) 
 1,748 723 100 ____________________ 
 (1) The Company designates as long term capital gain dividends, pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Section 852(b)(3). 
 (2) The total distributions declared during the year includes payment of prior year undistributed taxable income and gains. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the components of tax basis accumulated earnings (loss) were as follows: 
 As of December 31, 2022 2021 Undistributed capital losses (7,404) (9,138) Unrealized loss (9,330) (2,491) Other temporary adjustments (121) (137) Total accumulated (loss), net (16,855) (11,766) 
 Under the current tax law, the Master Fund may carry forward net capital losses indefinitely to use to offset capital gains realized in future years, and their character is retained as either short-term and/or long-term. At December 31, 2022, the Master Fund incurred (7,404) of long-term capital losses. 
 
 Note 12. Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) 
 Selected unaudited quarterly financial data for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020 are presented below: 
 F-36 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

As of and for the three months ended December 31, 2022 September 30, 2022 June 30, 2022 March 31, 2022 Total investment income 1,759 1,925 2,119 3,155 Net investment income 1,194 922 979 2,052 Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) (2,859) (889) (2,893) 441 Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations (1,665) 33 (1,914) 2,493 Net assets 61,273 98,002 117,932 139,809 Total investment income per Common Share - basic and diluted 0.07 0.08 0.08 0.12 Net investment income per Common Share - basic and diluted 0.05 0.04 0.04 0.08 Earnings (loss) per Common Share - basic and diluted (0.07) (0.07) 0.10 Net asset value per Common Share at end of quarter 2.39 3.83 4.61 5.46 
 As of and for the three months ended December 31, 2021 September 30, 2021 June 30, 2021 March 31, 2021 Total investment income 2,890 3,808 5,380 5,144 Net investment income 1,225 1,688 2,790 2,246 Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) (129) (4) 6,184 7,696 Net increase in net assets resulting from operations 1,096 1,684 8,974 9,942 Net assets 157,280 161,300 184,699 200,808 Total investment income per Common Share - basic and diluted 0.11 0.15 0.21 0.20 Net investment income per Common Share - basic and diluted 0.05 0.07 0.11 0.09 Earnings per Common Share - basic and diluted 
 0.04 0.07 0.35 0.38 Net asset value per Common Share at end of quarter 6.15 6.30 7.22 7.85 
 As of and for the three months ended December 31, 2020 September 30, 2020 June 30, 2020 March 31, 2020 Total investment income 5,952 6,696 7,196 8,113 Net investment income 2,640 3,306 3,615 3,999 Net realized and unrealized gains (losses) 7,561 6,380 13,732 (33,789) Net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations 10,201 9,686 17,347 (29,790) Net assets 198,725 196,382 188,731 176,846 Total investment income per Common Share - basic and diluted 0.22 0.25 0.27 0.29 Net investment income per Common Share - basic and diluted 0.10 0.12 0.13 0.15 Earnings (loss) per Common Share - basic and diluted 0.38 0.36 0.64 (1.08) Net asset value per Common Share at end of quarter 7.56 7.27 7.04 6.53 
 F-37 

Note 13. Subsequent Events 
 Management has evaluated subsequent events through the date of issuance of these consolidated financial statements and has determined that there are no subsequent events outside the ordinary scope of business that require adjustment to, or disclosure in, the consolidated financial statements except for the one below. 
 On March 13, 2023, the Master Fund announced that John Palmer tendered his resignation as President of the Master Fund to pursue other opportunities effective as of March 31, 2023. Mr. Palmer s decision to resign is not the result of any disagreement with the Master Fund, its advisor or their affiliates regarding their operations, policies, practices or otherwise. 
 On March 13, 2023, the Board of Trustees appointed Matthew Bloom as President of the Master Fund effective as of March 31, 2023. Mr. Bloom will continue to hold the positions of Chairman of the Board of Trustees and Chief Executive Officer of the Master Fund. 
 Mr. Bloom is a Senior Managing Director and Head of Research for Guggenheim s Corporate Credit Group, and has been with Guggenheim Partners since 2006. He is also a member of the Investment Committee overseeing Guggenheim s corporate credit investing activities and serves as Chairman and CEO of Guggenheim Credit Income Fund. During his career at the firm, Mr. Bloom has been an analyst covering a variety of sectors, and subsequently led an industry team that focused on investing in the Consumer, Financial, Food, Gaming, Industrials, Retail, Services Transportation sectors. In addition, in his capacity as a senior analyst and as a team leader, Mr. Bloom has sourced and structured directly negotiated middle market debt investments. Prior to joining Guggenheim, Mr. Bloom worked as an attorney at Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher Flom in the Mergers Acquisitions and Banking Institutional Investing groups. Mr. Bloom received his B.S. from University of Florida and his J.D. from Columbia University School of Law. 
 On March 13, 2023 the Board of Trustees approved the Master Fund s liquidating distribution of 0.68 per share of common shares. The distribution will be recorded on March 20, 2023 and paid in cash to the investors on March 21, 2023. 
 
 F - 38 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 gcif2019section302certofce.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Matthew S. Bloom, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2019 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Report is being prepared 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Annual Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this Report based on such evaluation and 
 d. disclosed in this Report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 14, 2023 By s Mathew S. Bloom MATTHEW S. BLOOM Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 gcif2019section302certofcf.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, James Howley, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2019 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Report is being prepared 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Annual Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this Report based on such evaluation and 
 d. disclosed in this Report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 14, 2023 By s James Howley JAMES HOWLEY Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 gcif2019section906certofce.htm
 EX-32

Document 
 Exhibit 32 

 Certifications Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2019 on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned officers of Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2019, does hereby certify, to the best of such officer's knowledge and belief, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Guggenheim Credit Income Fund 2019. 
 Date March 14, 2023 s Mathew S. Bloom MATTHEW S. BLOOM Chief Executive Officer Date March 14, 2023 s James Howley JAMES HOWLEY Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 gcif-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.LAB>
 6
 gcif-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 7
 gcif-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

