<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230309_10-K_edgar_data_1356576_0001356576-23-000016.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13399316</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>647433</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2204846</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4480531</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3133762</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2699775</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001356576-23-000016.hdr.sgml : 20230309
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230309161530
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001356576-23-000016
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		117
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230309
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230309

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SUPERNUS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001356576
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35518
		FILM NUMBER:		23719926

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9715 KEY WEST AVENUE
		CITY:			ROCKVILLE
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20850
		BUSINESS PHONE:		301-838-2500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9715 KEY WEST AVENUE
		CITY:			ROCKVILLE
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20850

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SUPERNUS PHARMACEUTICALS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060317

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001356576-23-000016.txt : 20230309

10-K
 1
 supn-20221231.htm
 10-K

supn-20221231 
 
 Table of Conte n t s 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSMISSION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 
 COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (zip code) (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT: TITLE OF EACH CLASS: Outstanding at February 22, 2023 Trading Symbol NAME OF EACH EXCHANGE ON WHICH REGISTERED: 
 SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT: NONE 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant based on the closing price of the common stock on the NASDAQ Global Market was . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

1 

Table of Conte n t s 

 SUPERNUS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
 FORM 10-K 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 27 
 Item 1B . 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 67 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 67 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 67 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 73 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market For Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchase of Equity Securities 
 74 
 Item 6. 
 Reser ved 
 75 
 Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 76 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 88 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 89 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 135 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 135 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 136 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 137 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 137 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 137 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 137 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 137 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 138 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 138 
 SIGNATURES 

2 

Table of Conte n t s 

 Unless the content requires otherwise, the words "Supernus," "we," "our" and "the Company" refer to Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and/or one or more of its subsidiaries, as the case may be. These terms are used solely for the convenience of the reader. Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and each of its subsidiaries are distinct legal entities. For example, MDD US Operations, LLC, a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc., is the exclusive licensee and distributor of APOKYN in the United States and its territories. Adamas Operations, LLC ("Adamas Operations"), a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc., wholly owns the patents and patent applications related to GOCOVRI and Osmolex ER and has a license agreement with Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc., granting Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. rights to market and sell GOCOVRI and Osmolex ER. 
 We, including our subsidiaries, are the owner/licensee of various U.S. federal trademark registrations ) and registration applications (TM), including the following marks referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, pursuant to applicable U.S. intellectual property laws: "Supernus ", "Microtrol ", "Solutrol ", "Trokendi XR ", "Oxtellar XR ", "Qelbree ", "XADAGO ", "MYOBLOC ", "APOKYN ", "GOCOVRI ", "Osmolex ER ", "Namzaric ", and the registered Supernus Pharmaceuticals logo. 
 All trademarks or trade names referred to in this Annual Report are the property of their respective owners. Solely for convenience, the trademarks and trade names in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are referred to without the and symbols, but such references should not be construed as any indicator that their respective owners will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, their rights thereto. 
 
 3 

Table of Conte n t s 

 PART I 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Securities Act of 1933 that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements convey our current expectations or forecasts of future events. All statements contained in this Annual Report other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include statements regarding our future financial position, business strategy, budgets, projected costs, plans, and objectives of management for future operations. The words "may," "continue," "estimate," "intend," "plan," "will," "believe," "project," "expect," "seek," "anticipate," "should," "could," "would," "potential," or the negative of those terms and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not necessarily mean that a statement is not forward-looking. 
 These forward-looking statements include expectations regarding the Company's recent and future interactions and communications with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) concerning the New Drug Applications (NDA) for SPN-830, the outcome of any additional device testing associated with the SPN-830 NDA submission, the potential approval of SPN-830 following resubmission, and the potential benefits and commercialization of SPN-830. In addition to the factors mentioned in this annual report, such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the Company's ability to sustain and increase its profitability; the Company's ability to raise sufficient capital to fully implement its corporate strategy; the implementation of the Company s corporate strategy, including the successful identification and implementation of business development opportunities; the Company's future financial performance and projected expenditures; the Company's product research and development activities, including the timing and progress of the Company's clinical trials, and projected expenditures; the Company's ability to receive, and the timing of any receipt of, regulatory approvals to develop and commercialize the Company's product candidates; the Company's ability to protect its intellectual property and operate its business without infringing upon the intellectual property rights of others; the Company's expectations regarding federal, state and foreign regulatory requirements; the therapeutic benefits, effectiveness and safety of the Company's product candidates; the accuracy of the Company's estimates of the size and characteristics of the markets that may be addressed by its products and product candidates; the Company's ability to increase its manufacturing capabilities for its products and product candidates; the Company's projected markets and growth in markets; the early entry into the market of generic equivalents to all the Company's approved products; the Company's ability to develop successful product formulations that are accepted by patients, physicians, and payors; availability of potential funding sources; the Company's ability to meet its staffing needs; the Company's ability to comply with the Corporate Integrity Agreement and other risk factors set forth from time to time in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission made pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. All of these forward-looking statements are based on information available to us at this time, and we assume no obligation to update any of these statements. Actual results could differ from those projected in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those identified in the "Business," "Risk Factors," "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" sections, and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We urge you to review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this report and those detailed from time to time in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission that attempt to advise you of the risks and factors that may affect our future results. 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 
 Overview 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company) is a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing products for the treatment of central nervous system (CNS) diseases. Our diverse neuroscience portfolio includes approved treatments for epilepsy, migraine, attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), hypomobility in Parkinson s Disease (PD), cervical dystonia, chronic sialorrhea, dyskinesia in PD patients receiving levodopa-based therapy, and drug-induced extrapyramidal reactions in adult patients. The Company is developing a broad range of novel CNS product candidates including new potential treatments for hypomobility in PD, epilepsy, depression, and other CNS disorders. 
 The Company was incorporated in Delaware, commenced operations in 2005, became publicly traded in 2012, and is listed on the NASDAQ Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol SUPN. Our principal executive offices are located in Rockville, Maryland. Our extensive expertise in product development has been built over the past 30 years: initially as a stand-alone development organization; then, as a United States (U.S.) subsidiary of Shire Plc (Shire, a subsidiary of Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Ltd.); then upon our acquisition of substantially all of the assets of Shire Laboratories, Inc. in 2005, as Supernus Pharmaceuticals. 

4 

Table of Conte n t s 

 Adamas Acquisition and Reorganization 
 On October 10, 2021, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among the Company, Adamas Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Adamas) and Supernus Reef, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (Purchaser) (Adamas Agreement). On November 24, 2021 (the Closing Date), the Company completed its purchase of all of the outstanding equity of Adamas, pursuant to the Adamas Agreement dated October 10, 2021, and the Purchaser was merged with and into Adamas (the Merger), with Adamas continuing as the surviving corporation in the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (Adamas Acquisition). On the Closing Date, Adamas owned two marketed products: GOCOVRI (amantadine) extended-release capsules, the first and only FDA approved medicine indicated for the treatment of both "off" episodes and dyskinesia in patients with PD receiving levodopa-based therapy and as an adjunctive treatment to levodopa/carbidopa in patients with PD experiencing "off" episodes; and Osmolex ER (amantadine) extended-release tablets, approved for the treatment of PD and drug-induced extrapyramidal reactions in adult patients. Adamas also owns the right to receive royalties from Allergan plc for sales of Namzaric (memantine hydrochloride extended-release and donepezil hydrochloride) in the United States. 
 In the first quarter of 2022 and subsequent to the Adamas Acquisition, the Company completed a reorganization of the Adamas legal entities in an effort to obtain operational, legal and other benefits that also resulted in certain state tax efficiencies. The reorganization had no effect on the consolidated financial statements other than certain state tax efficiencies. Refer to Note 12, Income Tax (Benefit) Expense in Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements of this report. 
 Our Strategy 
 Our mission is to improve the lives of patients suffering from CNS diseases. Our vision is to be a leader in the CNS industry by developing and commercializing new medicines for the treatment of CNS diseases. Key elements of our strategy to achieve this vision include: 
 Drive growth and profitability. Using dedicated sales and marketing resources in the U.S., we will continue to drive the revenue growth of our marketed products. 
 Advance product candidates toward commercialization. Several product candidates in our pipeline are in early-to-late stage clinical testing, and moving toward being commercially available to patients. 
 Continue to grow our pipeline. We will continue to evaluate and develop additional CNS product candidates that we believe have significant commercial potential through our internal research and development efforts. 
 Target strategic business development opportunities. We are actively exploring a broad range of strategic opportunities. This includes in-licensing products and entering into co-promotion and co-development partnerships for our commercial products and product candidates. 
 Commercial Products 
 Our commercial products, including those sold by or through our subsidiaries, include: 
 Qelbree 
 Qelbree (viloxazine extended-release capsules) is a novel non-stimulant product indicated for the treatment of ADHD in adults and pediatric patients 6 years and older. On April 2, 2021, the FDA approved Qelbree for the treatment of ADHD in pediatric patients 6 to 17 years of age. In May 2021, the Company launched Qelbree for pediatric patients in the U.S. On April 29, 2022, the FDA approved Qelbree for treatment of ADHD in adult patients. The Company launched Qelbree for adult patients in May 2022. 
 Trokendi XR 
 Trokendi XR is indicated for (1) Epilepsy: initial monotherapy for the treatment of partial-onset and primary generalized tonic-clonic (PGTC) seizure in patients 6 years of age and older (1.1); adjunctive therapy for the treatment of partial-onset, primary generalized tonic-clonic seizures, or seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut Syndrome in patients 6 years of age and older (1.2); and for (2) preventive treatment of migraine in patients 12 years of age and older. Trokendi XR is the first once-daily extended release topiramate product indicated for the treatment of epilepsy and the prophylaxis of migraine headaches in adults and adolescents in the U.S. market. 

5 

Table of Conte n t s 

 The Company entered into settlement agreements with third parties permitting the sale of a generic version of Trokendi XR on or after January 1, 2023. For more information, refer to Part I, Item I Business Intellectual Property and Exclusivity in this annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Oxtellar XR 
 Oxtellar XR is indicated for treatment of partial-onset seizure in adults and children 6 years of age and older. Oxtellar XR is the first once-daily extended release oxcarbazepine product indicated for the treatment of epilepsy in the U.S. market. In 2013, we launched Oxtellar XR for adjunctive therapy in the treatment of partial-onset seizures in adults and children 6 to 17 years of age. In January 2019, we launched Oxtellar XR for monotherapy treatment of partial onset epilepsy seizures in adults and children 6 to 17 years of age. 
 GOCOVRI 
 GOCOVRI (amantadine) extended release capsules is the first and only FDA-approved medicine indicated for the treatment of dyskinesia in patients with PD receiving levodopa-based therapy, with or without concomitant dopaminergic medications, and as an adjunctive treatment to levodopa/carbidopa in patients with PD experiencing "off" episodes. 
 GOCOVRI was approved by the FDA in August 2017 for treatment of dyskinesia and in February 2021 as an adjunctive treatment for "off" episodes. The February 2021 update to the label indication makes GOCOVRI the only medicine clinically proven and approved to reduce both "off" episodes and dyskinesia in PD patients taking a levodopa-based medication, resulting in a clinically meaningful increase in good "on" time without the need for a "trade-off' when managing motor complications. 
 GOCOVRI has been granted orphan drug exclusivity until August 24, 2024 for the treatment of dyskinesia in patients with PD receiving levodopa-based therapy with or without concomitant dopaminergic medications. 
 APOKYN 
 APOKYN (apomorphine hydrochloride injection) is a product indicated for the acute, intermittent treatment of hypomobility or "off" episodes ("end-of-dose wearing off" and unpredictable "on-off" episodes) in patients with advanced PD. APOKYN's adjustable dose subcutaneous injection pen is designed to quickly and reliably reverse the effects of oral levodopa wearing off in patients with inadequately controlled PD. 
 XADAGO 
 XADAGO (safinamide) is a once-daily product indicated as adjunctive treatment to levodopa/carbidopa in patients with PD who are experiencing "off" episodes. XADAGO is a monoamine oxidase B (MAO-B) inhibitor that works by blocking the catabolism of dopamine, which is believed to result in an increase in dopamine levels, and therefore a subsequent increase in dopaminergic activity in the brain. 
 XADAGO was approved by the FDA in March 2017. 
 Osmolex ER 
 Osmolex ER (amantadine) extended release tablets is for the treatment of PD and drug-induced extrapyramidal reactions in adult patients. 
 Osmolex ER was approved by the FDA in February 2018. 
 MYOBLOC 
 MYOBLOC (rimabotulinumtoxinB) is a product indicated for the treatment of cervical dystonia to reduce the severity of abnormal head position and neck pain associated with cervical dystonia in adults and treatment sialorrhea in adults. MYOBLOC is the only Type B toxin available on the market. MYOBLOC injections must be administered by a physician. 
 MYOBLOC was approved by the FDA in December 2000 for the treatment of adults with cervical dystonia. In August 2019, the FDA approved a supplemental Biologics License Application (sBLA) for MYOBLOC for the treatment of chronic sialorrhea in adults. 
 
 6 

Table of Conte n t s 

 Research and Development 
 We are committed to the development of innovative product candidates in neurology and psychiatry, including the following: 
 Product Candidate Indication Development NDA SPN-830 Continuous treatment of motor fluctuations ("off" episodes) in PD patients 
 Complete Response Letter (CRL) received from FDA in October 2022 SPN-820 Treatment-resistant depression Phase II SPN-817 Focal seizures Phase I 
 We also engage in a variety of additional research and development effort including developing a pipeline of novel CNS product candidates for the treatment of various CNS conditions. We have devoted and continue to devote significant resources to research and development activities. We expect to incur significant expenses as we continue developing each of our product candidates through FDA approval or until the program terminates; and expanding product indications for approved products and intellectual property portfolio. Our expectations regarding our research and development programs are subject to the risks described under Item 1A Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Industry and Business , which includes the following risks among others (1) The Company's financial condition and results of operations for fiscal year 2023 and beyond may be materially and adversely affected by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic; and (2) Delays and failures in the completion of clinical development of our product candidates would increase our costs, delay, or limit our ability to generate revenues. 
 SPN-830 (apomorphine infusion device) 
 SPN-830 is a late-stage drug/device combination product candidate for the continuous treatment of motor fluctuations ("off" episodes) in PD patients that are not adequately controlled with oral levodopa and one or more adjunct PD medications. If approved, it would be the only continuous infusion of apomorphine available in the U.S. and an important step for PD patients that would have otherwise been candidates for potentially invasive surgical procedures, such as deep brain stimulation. Continuous slow infusion may also limit some of the side effects of a bolus injection of apomorphine. 
 In December 2021, we resubmitted the NDA to the FDA. In February 2022, we received a notice from the FDA that the resubmission of the NDA for SPN-830 was considered as a Standard Review and was assigned a PDUFA target action date in early October 2022. In October 2022, the FDA issued a Complete Response Letter (CRL) regarding the NDA for SPN-830. The CRL requires additional information and analysis related to the infusion device and drug product across several areas of the NDA including, but not limited to, labeling, product quality and manufacturing, device performance and risk analysis. In addition, the FDA mentions that approval of the NDA requires inspections that could not be completed in a timely manner due to COVID-19 travel restrictions. The CRL does not request additional efficacy and safety clinical studies. The FDA has made an initial determination that the amendment to the Company s application in response to the CRL will be subject to a Class 2, or six-month, review timeline. In February 2023, the FDA granted the Company a Type C meeting request to discuss the CRL with the meeting scheduled in April 2023. 
 SPN-820 (NV-5138) 
 SPN-820 is a first-in-class, orally active small molecule that activates brain mTORC1 (mechanistic target of rapamycin complex 1), a gatekeeper of cellular metabolism and renewal. SPN-820 binds to and modulates sestrin, which senses amino acid availability in the brain, a potent natural activator of mTORC1. 
 Complex 1 of the mechanistic target of rapamycin (mTORC1) activity governs the pace and ability of the cell to synthesize protein and other cellular components. This complex may be suppressed in people suffering from depression. In other disease states such as severe depression, inadequate mTORC1 activity contributes to disease pathology by limiting energy utilization and protein synthesis, leading to impaired function. Multiple preclinical studies have shown that mTORC1 activation is required for the efficacy of many rapid-acting antidepressant compounds, including but not limited to modulators of the N-methyl-D-aspartic-acid (NMDA)-mediated signaling pathway like ketamine. 
 A Phase I trial demonstrated early proof of concept in which a single dose of SPN-820 showed a rapid and sustained improvement in core symptoms, with favorable safety and tolerability in patients with treatment resistant depression. We believe 
 
 7 

Table of Conte n t s 

 the novel MOA in depression may improve symptoms of depression in patients who have failed other agents. 
 An Investigational New Drug (IND) application was submitted to the FDA in September 2021. We initiated a Phase II multi-center, randomized double-blind placebo-controlled parallel design study of SPN-820 in adults with treatment resistant depression. The study will examine the efficacy and safety of SPN-820 over a course of five weeks of treatment in approximately 270 patients. The primary outcome measure is the change from baseline to end of treatment period on the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) Total Score, a standard depression rating scale. 
 SPN-817 (huperzine A) 
 SPN-817 represents a novel mechanism of action (MOA) for an anticonvulsant. SPN-817 is a novel synthetic form of huperzine A, whose MOA includes potent acetylcholinesterase inhibition, with pharmacological activities in CNS conditions such as epilepsy. The development will initially focus on the drug's anticonvulsant activity, which has been shown in preclinical models to be effective for the treatment of partial seizures and Dravet Syndrome. SPN-817 is in clinical development and has received Orphan Drug designation for both Dravet Syndrome and Lennox-Gastaut Syndrome from the FDA. 
 A Phase I, proof-of-concept trial is currently underway outside of the U.S. in adult patients with refractory complex partial seizures. We are studying the safety and pharmacokinetic profile of a new extended release formulation of non-synthetic SPN-817 (huperzine A). We are focused on completing and optimizing the synthesis process of the synthetic drug as well as developing a novel dosage form. Given the potency of SPN-817 (huperzine A), a novel extended release oral dosage form is critical to the success of this program because initial studies with the immediate release formulations of non-synthetic SPN-817 (huperzine A) have shown serious dose-limiting, side effects. 
 The Company has commenced an open-label Phase II clinical study of SPN-817 in patients with treatment-resistant seizures. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 We market our products through our own sales forces in the U.S. and seek strategic collaborations with other pharmaceutical companies to commercialize our products outside of the U.S. We have a commercial sales and marketing organization in the U.S. to support sales of our commercial products. We believe our current sales forces are effectively targeting healthcare providers to support and grow our current commercial products. 
 As a result of the acquisitions in 2021 and 2020, we established our commercial capabilities in the Parkinson's area with a focus on serving movement disorder specialists and other specialized health care providers in the U.S. 
 With the launches of Qelbree for both pediatric and adult patients, we expanded our sales efforts to market the commercial product to the relevant physician audience of psychiatrists, pediatricians, primary care physicians and allied health professionals. Our sales representatives who previously supported Trokendi XR and Oxtellar XR now devote their full efforts to the launch of Qelbree. 
 Customers 
 The majority of our product sales are to pharmaceutical wholesalers, specialty pharmacies, and distributors who, in turn, sell our products to pharmacies, hospitals, and other customers, including federal and state entities. The majority of sales of Oxtellar XR, Trokendi XR, Qelbree, and XADAGO are made to wholesalers and distributors. In addition, MYOBLOC is available for direct purchase by physicians and hospitals. The majority of sales of APOKYN and GOCOVRI are made to specialty pharmacies. 
 Each of our three major customers, AmerisourceBergen Drug Corporation, Cardinal Health, Inc., and McKesson Corporation, individually accounted for more than 25 of our total product revenue in 2022 and collectively accounted for more than 80 of our total product revenue in 2022. 
 Market and Competition 
 W e are engaged in segments of the pharmaceutical industry that are highly competitive and rapidly changing. Many large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions, governmental agencies, and other public and private research organizations are commercializing or pursuing the development of products for the same molecule, compound, or diseases that we are currently pursuing or may target in the future. 
 
 8 

Table of Conte n t s 

 ADHD 
 ADHD is a CNS disorder characterized by developmentally inappropriate levels of inattention, hyperactivity, and impul sivity. ADHD affects an estimated 6 to 9 of all school-age children, and an estimated 3 to 5 of adults in the U.S. An estimated 50 of children with ADHD continue to meet the criteria for ADHD into adolescence. Diagnosis of ADHD requires a comprehensive clinical evaluation based on identifying patients who exhibit the core symptoms of inattention, hyperactivity, and impulsivity. Although many patients may be inattentive, hyperactive, or impulsive, the level of severity and degree of functional impairment, and considerations as to what may be behind the underlying symptoms determine which patients meet the diagnosis and therefore should be treated for ADHD. 
 Qelbree is a novel nonstimulant taken once-daily for full-day exposure. Efficacy and symptom improvement was observed early in treatment in clinical studies. Also, it has a proven safety and tolerability profile, with no evidence of abuse potential in clinical studies. Qelbree is the first nonstimulant treatment for ADHD approved by the FDA in over a decade. 
 Competition in the U.S. ADHD market has increased with the commercial launch of several branded products in recent years, as well as the launch of generic versions of branded drugs, such as Adderall XR, Intuniv, Kapvay and Strattera. Treatment options for ADHD in the U.S. market can be broadly classified as either stimulant or as non-stimulant products. 
 Epilepsy 
 Epilepsy is a c omplex neurological disorder characterized by the spontaneous recurrence of unprovoked seizures, which are sudden surges of electrical activity in the brain that impair a person's mental and/or physical abilities. Adherence with drug treatment regimens is critically important to achieving effective control for patients with epilepsy. Non-adherence with anti-epileptic drug (AED) therapy is a serious issue and remains the most common cause of breakthrough seizures for patients. Not only is taking all prescribed doses critical to control breakthrough seizures, but the timing of when patients take their prescribed doses can also be crucial. 
 We believe extended release products, particularly Trokendi XR and Oxtellar XR, may offer important advantages in the treatment of epilepsy. The release profiles of extended release products can produce more consistent and steadier plasma concentrations as compared to immediate release products, potentially resulting in fewer side effects, better tolerability, fewer emergency room visits, improved efficacy, and fewer breakthrough seizures. In addition, Trokendi XR's and Oxtellar XR's once-daily dosing is designed to improve patient adherence over the current immediate release products, which must be taken multiple times per day. We believe a once-daily dosing regimen improves adherence, making it more probable that patients take their medication and maintain sufficient levels of medication in their bloodstreams. Extended release products may help patients improve adherence and, consequently, help patients enjoy a better quality of life. 
 Trokendi XR competes with all immediate release and extended release topiramate products, including Topamax, Qudexy XR, and their related generic products. Oxtellar XR competes with all immediate release oxcarbazepine products, including Trileptal and its related generic products. Both Oxtellar XR and Trokendi XR compete with other anti-epileptic products, both branded and generic. Many medications are used to treat epilepsy, including topiramate, oxcarbazepine, acetazolamide, brivaracetam, carbamazepine, clobazam, lacosamide, phenytoin, valproic acid, lamotrigine, gabapentin, levetiracetam phenobarbital, and zonisamide. 
 In addition, when considering treatment regimens for patients with epilepsy, neurologists and epileptologists take into consideration the MOA of the different AEDs that are available. By combining several different MOAs, it is sometimes possible to get significantly better seizure control. We acquired SPN-817, an antiepileptic, which we believe has an MOA different from that of other products and can therefore potentially represent a unique additional treatment alternative. 
 Migraine 
 Migraine is a painful, complex neurological disorder consisting of recurring painful attacks that can significantly disrupt time with loved ones, education, and careers. Migraine headaches are often characterized by throbbing pain, extreme sensitivity to light or sound, and potentially, nausea and vomiting. The World Health Organization categorizes migraine as one of the most disabling medical illnesses worldwide. The American Research Foundation categorizes migraine as the third most prevalent illness in the world, and nearly 1 in 4 U.S. households includes someone with migraines. Migraine is estimated to affect over 39 million individuals in the U.S. 
 As in epilepsy, we believe extended release products, particularly Trokendi XR, may offer important advantages for the treatment of migraines. Trokendi XR also competes with other products used for the prevention of migraine headaches. Most 
 
 9 

Table of Conte n t s 

 notably, this includes anti-CGRPs (calcitonin gene related peptide), which is a class of products first introduced in 2018; Botox; beta-blockers; valproic acid; and amitriptyline. 
 Parkinson's Disease 
 Parkinson's Disease is a progressive neurological disorder that is characterized by a loss of dopamine producing neurons in certain regions of the brain, causing symptoms like tremor, slowness of movement, stiffness, loss of balance, and lack of coordination. PD is the second most common progressive neurodegenerative disorder, affecting 1-2 of individuals 65 years and older. Patients with PD can also be affected with psychological symptoms such as anxiety, depression, aggression, and problems with cognition and memory. As the disease progresses, some patients may lose the ability to independently perform the tasks of daily living. 
 The most commonly prescribed medicine for PD is levodopa. PD patients are frequently prescribed levodopa to help replace dopamine, which is reduced in the brain. However, motor disabilities as a result of levodopa wearing off remain a significant problem for over half of PD patients. Patients in an "off" state, including those whose last dose of oral levodopa has worn off and whose next oral dose has not yet begun to take effect, can suffer from reduced coordination or mobility for several hours per day. Carbidopa may be used along with levodopa to improve its efficacy and reduce the amount of levodopa needed to control PD symptoms. There are a number of alternative adjunctive treatment options (FDA-approved and in clinical development) for Parkinson's patients, including various levodopa preparations, dopamine agonists, MAO-B inhibitors, and others. 
 APOKYN is given as needed as an adjunct to levodopa/carbidopa therapy in PD patients who experience "off" episodes. In well-controlled clinical studies, APOKYN injections were effective in treating "off" periods, as measured by the motor function subset of the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS). For patients for whom oral levodopa will not sufficiently control "off" periods, the Company has commercialized APOKYN, delivered via an injection pen. Patients taking APOKYN saw 95 of "off" episodes reversed, with improvement beginning as quickly as 10 minutes post-dosing in clinical studies. With the alternative of immobility and limited function, we believe the rapid and reliable reduction of "off" episode symptoms is of utmost importance to patients. APOKYN competes with all apomorphine hydrochloride products, including KYNMOBI. It also competes with other pro re nata (PRN) therapies such as Inbrija, and other adjunctive therapies, including NOURIANZ. APOKYN also competes with other products for the treatment of PD, both branded and generic, including levodopa products. 
 For patients who experience significant "off" time each day, the Company has developed a product candidate as a continuous infusion device (SPN-830) to deliver apomorphine subcutaneously. The infusion may reduce the variability in motor symptoms of PD and offer improved tolerability versus the acute injection route. 
 For patients not ready to try parenteral therapy, oral MAO-B inhibitors, such as XADAGO, may provide a decrease in "off" time of up to one hour per day when combined with appropriate levodopa therapy. In the XADAGO clinical trials, patients experienced more beneficial "on" time, a time when Parkinson's symptoms are reduced, without troublesome uncontrolled involuntary movement (dyskinesia), compared to those receiving a placebo. The increase in "on" time was accompanied by a reduction in "off" time and better scores on a measure of motor function assessed during "on" time than before treatment. XADAGO competes with other MAO-B inhibitors used to treat "off" episodes in PD, including rasagiline (AZILECT) and selegiline (Zelapar and EMSAM). XADAGO also competes with other products for the treatment of PD, both branded and generic, including levodopa products. 
 GOCOVRI (amantadine) extended-release capsules is the first and only FDA-approved medicine indicated for the treatment of dyskinesia in patients with PD receiving levodopa-based therapy, with or without concomitant dopaminergic medications, and as an adjunctive treatment to levodopa/carbidopa in patients with PD experiencing "off" episodes. It is also the only medicine clinically proven to reduce both dyskinesia and off periods. GOCOVRI, taken once daily at bedtime, provides an initial lag and a slow rise in amantadine concentration during the night, resulting in a high concentration from the morning and throughout the waking day. Additionally, in the clinical trials, the adjunctive use of GOCOVRI did not require changes to dopaminergic therapies. GOCOVRI has been granted orphan drug exclusivity until August 24, 2024 for the treatment of dyskinesia in patients with PD receiving levodopa-based therapy with or without concomitant dopaminergic medications. 
 Osmolex ER is an extended release tablet formulation that contains both immediate-release and extended-release amantadine, that is dosed once daily in the morning. We believe Osmolex ER s once-daily morning dose offers a more convenient option by reducing the number of pills a patient must take each day, which may improve patient compliance with treatment regimens. While Osmolex ER is bioequivalent to immediate-release amantadine, the product provides a consistent delivery of amantadine throughout the day. Peak serum drug concentration conveniently occurs in the middle portion of a patient s day when the drug is administered in the morning. 
 
 10 

Table of Conte n t s 

 According to their prescribing information, neither GOCOVRI nor Osmolex ER are interchangeable with other amantadine immediate- or extended-release products for their respective approved indications. 
 Cervical Dystonia 
 Cervical dystonia, also known as spasmodic torticollis, is a condition characterized by involuntary muscle contractions in the neck, which cause the head to twist uncontrollably into an abnormal, often painful position. It is a rare disorder, most often presenting in middle age, whose symptoms begin gradually, worsen, and then plateau over a period of months. Estimates of the prevalence of cervical dystonia vary considerably, from 20 to 4,100 per million individuals. Injections of botulinum toxin into affected neck muscles can create temporary relief from symptoms. 
 In well-controlled studies, botulinum toxins like MYOBLOC have been shown to improve symptoms as measured on the Toronto Western Spasmodic Torticollis Rating Scale, including pain. Based on clinical studies, MYOBLOC injections offer patients struggling with painful cervical dystonia symptoms relief as early as two weeks after injection, with the duration of effect between 12-16 weeks. 
 MYOBLOC is the only available botulinum toxin B, whereas other available toxins are type A. MYOBLOC competes with type A toxins such as Botox, Dysport, and Xeomin. MYOBLOC also competes with oral agents used to treat cervical dystonia, including generic baclofen, anticholinergics, benzodiazepines, and tetrabenazine. 
 Sialorrhea 
 Sialorrhea can occur in conjunction with several neurologic disorders, such as amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), cerebral palsy (CP), PD, or as a side effect of some medications. It is characterized by overactive salivary glands. In adults, PD is the most common cause of sialorrhea, with 70 80 of PD patients experiencing symptoms. In 30 80 of schizophrenic patients taking clozapine, sialorrhea is evident. In addition to being embarrassing, complications of sialorrhea include aspiration, infection, skin breakdown, and bad odor. 
 MYOBLOC competes with Xeomin (incobotulinumtoxinA) for the treatment of sialorrhea in adults. Other pharmacologic treatments used to treat sialorrhea include generic glycopyrrolate tablets as well as behavior modification. 
 Manufacturing 
 We currently depend on third-party commercial manufacturing organizations (CMOs) for all manufa cturing operations, including the production of raw materials, dosage form product, and product packaging. This encompasses products for commercial use, as well as some products for preclinical and clinical research. We do not own or operate manufacturing facilities for the production of any of our product candidates beyond that used in Phase II clinical trials, nor do we have plans to develop our own manufacturing operations in the foreseeable future to support Phase III clinical trials or support commercial production. We currently employ internal resources to manage our manufacturing contractors. 
 We have agreements with CMOs headquartered North America, including: Patheon Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (a subsidiary of Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc.), Packaging Coordinators, Inc., Aphena Pharma Solutions, and Catalent Pharma Solutions, Europe, and Asia for the manufacturing and packaging of some of our commercial products, including those of our subsidiaries, as well as for our pipeline product candidates. For Qelbree, Trokendi XR, GOCOVRI, and Oxtellar XR we currently rely on third-party CMOs for the manufacturing and packaging of final commercial products. We rely on third-party CMOs in Asia for the manufacturing of bulk drug substance for Trokendi XR and Oxtellar XR and rely on a third-party CMO in Europe for the raw materials and manufacturing of Qelbree and GOCOVRI. With respect to GOCOVRI, we have an additional manufacturer of bulk drug substance. These CMOs offer a comprehensive range of contract manufacturing and packaging services. 
 We purchase APOKYN, MYOBLOC, XADAGO, and Osmolex ER as finished goods. APOKYN is manufactured and packaged in Europe for the U.S. market and is supplied to us by our licensing partner, Britannia. Britannia (a subsidiary of Stada Arzneimittel AG) also supplies injectable apomorphine to the European market under the brand name Apo-go. MYOBLOC is manufactured and packaged in Europe by Merz GmbH Co. KGaA (Merz). Under the contract manufacturing agreement with Merz for the manufacture and supply of MYOBLOC, the Company has an annual minimum purchase requirement of MYOBLOC amounting to an estimated 3.9 million. XADAGO is manufactured and packaged in Europe by Zambon S.p.A. (Zambon). Osmolex ER is manufactured and packaged in the U.S. by Osmotica Pharmaceutical US LLC (Osmotica), which is the sole manufacturer of Osmolex ER and a subsidiary of Osmotica Pharmaceuticals plc. 
 
 11 

Table of Conte n t s 

 Refer to Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors If we fail to produce our products and product candidates in the volumes that we require on a timely basis or fail to comply with stringent regulations applicable to pharmaceutical drug manufacturers, we may face delays in the development and commercialization of our products and product candidates or be required to withdraw our products from the market for risks associated with manufacturing and supply of our products and product candidates. 
 Our Proprietary Technology Platforms 
 We have a successful track record of developing and launching novel products by applying proprietary formulation technologies to known drugs to improve their side effect profile or improve patient adherence. In addition, we have developed new indications for existing therapies. Our key proprietary technology platforms include: Microtrol, Solutrol, and EnSoTrol. These technologies have been utilized to create novel, customized product profiles designed to enhance efficacy, reduce the frequency of dosing to improve patient adherence and improve tolerability. Our technologies have been used to create ten commercial products, including our products: Qelbree, Trokendi XR and Oxtellar XR; Adderall XR (developed for Shire); Intuniv (developed for Shire); Mydayis (developed for Shire); Orenitram (developed for United Therapeutics Corporation); and Namzaric (developed for Allergan plc). 
 We are also engaged in generating and assessing New Chemical Entities (NCEs). These NCEs are generated by leveraging our expertise in structure function relationships in active molecules. Our NCEs are being assessed in preclinical pharmacology models for CNS activity and are advancing towards Investigational New Drug application (IND), enabling toxicology studies to support potential future clinical investigation. 
 Intellectual Property and Exclusivity 
 Overview 
 We, including our subsidiaries, continue to build our intellectual property portfolio to provide protection for our technologies, products, and pr oduct candidates. We, including our subsidiaries, seek patent protection, where appropriate, both in the U.S. and internationally for products and product candidates. 
 Our policy is to protect our innovations and proprietary products, and that of our subsidiaries, by, among other things, filing patent applications in the U.S. and abroad, including Europe, Canada, and other countries when appropriate. We, including our subsidiaries, also rely on trade secrets, know-how, proprietary knowledge, continuing technological innovation, and in-licensing opportunities to develop and maintain our proprietary position. Neither we, nor our subsidiaries can be sure that patents will be granted with respect to our pending patent applications or with respect to any patent applications filed by us, or any of our subsidiaries in the future, nor can we be sure that any of our existing patents or any patents that may be granted to us, or any of our subsidiaries in the future will be commercially useful in protecting our technology, our products, or those of our subsidiaries. Neither we, nor any of our subsidiaries can be sure that any patents, if granted, will sustain a legal challenge. 
 Patent Portfolio 
 Our commercial products, including those of our subsidiaries, covered by active patents include Trokendi XR, Oxtellar XR, Qelbree, GOCOVRI, Osmolex ER and XADAGO. We, or our subsidiaries, own all of the issued patents for Trokendi XR, Oxtellar XR, Qelbree, GOCOVRI, Osmolex ER, as well as the pending U.S. patent applications for Oxtellar XR, Qelbree, GOCOVRI, and Osmolex ER. We have a license from Zambon for the U.S. patents that cover XADAGO. 
 The Company has ongoing litigations concerning Trokendi XR, Oxtellar XR and XADAGO. For more information, refer to Part I, Item 3 Legal Proceedings in this annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Qelbree 
 We have three families of pending U.S. non-provisional and foreign counterpart patent applications for Qelbree. Patents, if issued, could expire from 2029 to 2033. We have patents issued in the U.S., Canada, and certain countries in Europe covering a method of treating ADHD using viloxazine hydrochloride. In a second family, covering the novel synthesis process of the active ingredient, we have patents issued in the U.S. as well as in certain foreign countries. In a third family, we have four patents issued in the U.S. covering modified release formulations of viloxazine hydrochloride, three of which cover Qelbree. We also have patents issued in certain foreign countries. We own all of the issued patents and the pending patent applications. 

12 

Table of Conte n t s 

 Trokendi XR 
 We currently have 10 U.S. patents that cover Trokendi XR. We own all of the issued patents. We also own additional foreign patents for extended release topiramate. The ten issued U.S. patents covering Trokendi XR will expire no earlier than 2027. 
 The Company has entered into settlement agreements with third parties, permitting the sale of a generic version of Trokendi XR on or after January 1, 2023. 
 Oxtellar XR 
 Our extended release oxcarbazepine patent portfolio currently includes 13 U.S. patents, ten of which cover Oxtellar XR. The ten issued U.S. patents covering Oxtellar XR will expire no earlier than 2027. We own all of the issued patents and the pending U.S. patent applications. We also own additional foreign patents for extended release oxcarbazepine. 
 XADAGO 
 As an NCE, XADAGO was under the 5-year FDA exclusivity period that expired on March 21, 2022. The patent portfolio covering XADAGO has three U.S. patents licensed from Zambon. These patents will expire from 2027 to 2031. 
 GOCOVRI 
 The patent portfolio covering GOCOVRI includes 18 U.S. patents. We have additional pending applications containing method and composition claims relating to the pharmacokinetic profile and dosing, and formulations of amantadine extended release. The issued patents expire through 2038. These patents and patent applications are owned by Adamas Operations and, as of the first quarter of 2022 are licensed to Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. We, through our subsidiary Adamas Operations, own additional foreign patents and patent applications covering amantadine extended release. 
 Prior to our acquisition of Adamas, Adamas entered into settlement agreements with third parties, permitting the sale of a generic version of GOCOVRI (amantadine) extended release capsules (including for any new indications approved under the GOCOVRI NDA) on or after March 4, 2030, or earlier under certain circumstances. 
 Osmolex ER 
 Osmolex ER is covered for its FDA-approved indications by 18 issued U.S. patents and additional applications containing method and composition claims relating to the pharmacokinetic profile and dosing, and formulations of amantadine extended release. These issued patents expire through 2038. These patents and patent applications are wholly owned by Adamas Operations and, as of the first quarter of 2022 are licensed to Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Adamas Operations also owns additional foreign patents covering Osmolex ER. 
 Namzaric 
 Namzaric is covered by 19 U.S. patents containing method and compositions claims relating to the pharmacokinetic profile and dosing of memantine. These patents expire as late as 2029. Namzaric is currently marketed by Allergan plc under an exclusive license agreement between Adamas Pharmaceuticals LLC (Adamas Pharmaceuticals) and Forest Laboratories Holdings Limited ("Forest"), an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Allergan plc (collectively, "Allergan") in the United States. Adamas Pharmaceuticals also owns additional foreign patents and patent applications covering Namzaric. 
 SPN-830 (apomorphine infusion device) 
 Our SPN-830 development program is potentially eligible to receive the Orphan Drug Designation in the U.S. If such designation is granted by the FDA, SPN-830 would receive 7 years of U.S. exclusivity from the time of approval by the FDA. 
 SPN-817 (huperzine A) 
 We have two U.S. patents licensed from Harvard University covering the method of treating seizures to potentially cover our SPN-817 development program. We have one patent issued in the U.S. and one in China relating to extended release formulations of huperzine. We additionally have pending patent applications in the U.S. and certain foreign countries. 
 SPN-817 has received Orphan Drug designation for both Dravet Syndrome and Lennox-Gastaut Syndrome from the FDA. 
 
 13 

Table of Conte n t s 

 SPN-820 (NV-5138) 
 Under the terms of the April 2020 Development Agreement with Navitor, we have an exclusive option to license or acquire NV-5138 in all world territories, prior to initiation of the Phase III clinical program. 
 Other Intellectual Property Rights 
 We, including our subsidiaries, seek trademark protection in the U.S. and internationally, where available and when appropriate. We, including our subsidiaries, have filed for trademark protection for several marks, which are used in connection with our pharmaceutical research and development collaborations as well as with our products and those of our subsidiaries. We or our subsidiaries are the owner/licensee of various U.S. federal trademark registrations ) and registration applications (TM), including the following marks referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, pursuant to applicable U.S. intellectual property laws: "Supernus ", "Microtrol ", "Solutrol ", "Trokendi XR ", "Oxtellar XR ", "Qelbree ", "XADAGO ", "MYOBLOC ", "APOKYN ", "GOCOVRI ", "Osmolex ER ", "Namzaric ", and the registered Supernus Pharmaceuticals logo. 
 From time to time, we, including our subsidiaries may find it necessary or prudent to obtain licenses from third party IP holders. Where licenses are readily available at a reasonable cost, such licenses are considered a normal cost of doing business. In other instances, however, we or our subsidiaries may use the results of freedom-to-operate inquiries and internal analyses to guide our early-stage research away from areas where we are likely to encounter obstacles in the form of third party IP. For example, where a third party holds relevant IP and is a direct competitor, a license might not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all. We, and our subsidiaries, strive to identify potential third party IP issues in the early stages of our research programs in order to minimize the cost and disruption of resolving such issues. 
 To protect our competitive position and that of our subsidiaries, it may be necessary to enforce our patent rights through litigation aga inst infringing third parties. See Part I, Item 3 Legal Proceedings . Litigation to enforce our own patent rights or those of our subsidiaries is subject to uncertainties that cannot be quantified in advance. In the event of an adverse outcome in litigation, we or our subsidiaries could be prevented from commercializing a product or precluded from using certain aspects of our technology platforms. This could have a material adverse effect on our business or that of our subsidiaries. In addition, litigation involving our patents or those of our subsidiaries carries the risk that one or more of our patents or those of our subsidiaries will be held invalid (in whole or in part; on a claim-by-claim basis) or held unenforceable. Such an adverse court ruling could allow third parties to commercialize products or use technologies that are similar to ours and then compete directly with us, without compensation to us or our subsidiaries. In addition, third parties could allege that our products or those of our subsidiaries infringe their intellectual property rights and pursue legal action against the Company or any of its subsidiaries. See Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors for risk factors related to intellectual property. 
 U.S. Patent Application Process 
 The U.S. patent system permits the filing of provisional and non-provisional patent applications. A non-provisional patent application is submitted to the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) and can mature into a patent once the USPTO determines that the claimed invention meets the standards for patentability. The term of individual patents depends upon the legal term of the patents in the countries in which they are obtained. In most countries in which we file, the patent term is 20 years from the earliest date of filing a non-provisional patent application. In the U.S., a patent's term may be lengthened via a patent term adjustment (PTA), which compensates a patentee for administrative delays by the USPTO in granting a patent. Because of a recent court decision in which the USPTO erred in calculating the PTA by denying the patentee a portion of the patent term to which it was entitled, the USPTO is under greater scrutiny regarding its calculations of PTAs. 
 Alternatively, a patent's term may be shortened if a patent is terminally disclaimed over another patent. 
 In evaluating the patentability of a claimed invention, the filing date of a non-provisional patent application is used by the USPTO to determine what information constitutes prior art. If certain requirements are satisfied, a non-provisional patent application can claim the benefit of the filing date of a previously filed provisional patent application. In such an instance, the filing date accorded to the provisional patent application may supersede information that otherwise could preclude the patentability of an invention. 
 The term of a patent that covers an FDA-approved drug may also be eligible for patent term extension (PTE). This permits the patent term to be extended as compensation for that portion of a patent term lost during the FDA regulatory review process. The Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, or the Hatch-Waxman Amendments, permits a PTE of up to five years beyond the expiry date of the patent. The length of the PTE is related to the length of time the drug is under FDA review. However, the patent extension cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from 
 
 14 

Table of Conte n t s 

 the date of product approval. Only one patent for an approved drug may be extended. Similar provisions to extend the term of a patent that covers an approved drug are available in Europe and other foreign jurisdictions. 
 In the f uture, if and when our pharmaceutical products receive FDA or other regulatory approval, we may be able to apply for PTEs on patents covering those products. Depending upon the timing, duration, and specifics of FDA approval and the issuance of a U.S. patent, we may obtain limited patent term restoration. 
 Collaborations and Licensing Arrangements 
 We, including our subsidiaries, obtained exclusive licenses from third parties for proprietary rights to support our, and our subsidiaries', commercial products and product candidates. Under these in-licensing agreements, we or our subsidiaries may be required to pay certain amounts upon the achievem ent of defined milestones. If these products are ultimately commercialized, we or the applicable subsidiary are also obligated to pay royalties to third parties, computed as a percentage of net product sales, for each respective product under a license agreement. 
 We, including our subsidiaries, also have entered into out-licensing agreements to license our intellectual property and technology or that of our subsidiaries to third parties. Under these out-license agreements, we or our subsidiaries may be entitled to receive certain amounts upon the achievement of defined milestones and royalties from third parties, generally computed as a percentage of net product sales, for each respective product under a license agreement. 
 APOKYN and SPN-830 (apomorphine infusion device) 
 In January 2016, we entered into an Amended and Restated Distribution, Development, Commercialization, and Supply Agreement with Britannia that grants us certain intellectual property and product rights in relation to APOKYN, including the right to use and market APOKYN in the United States (Territory). Additionally, under the agreement, Britannia retains certain intellectual property and product rights in relation to APOKYN, including the right to use and market APOKYN in the rest of the world, excluding the United States. Under the Agreement, Britannia has an obligation to supply us with APOKYN for our marketing and sale of the product. 
 Under the agreement, we are obligated to pay Britannia a royalty based upon U.S. net sales, adjusted for other product related costs for APOKYN, SPN-830 and any other commercial products jointly developed under the agreement. The parties have also agreed to a cost sharing arrangement for the development of new products beyond APOKYN. Under the agreement, we are obligated to pay more than half of the related costs associated with the development of SPN-830 or other new products that are commercialized solely by the Company in the U.S. For costs associated with new products that are commercialized both inside and outside the Territory, we are obligated to pay less than half of related costs. 
 We have agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize products under the agreement. The initial 15 year term of the agreement is subject to automatic renewal periods unless canceled by either party. Either party may terminate the agreement under certain circumstances, including a material breach of the agreement by the other. 
 XADAGO 
 In February 2016, we entered into a License and Distribution Agreement and a Supply Agreement with Zambon. Under the License and Distribution Agreement, we are the exclusive distributor of XADAGO in the U.S. and we are prohibited from selling or distributing in the U.S. certain product that compete with XADAGO. Also, Zambon is eligible to receive up to 30.0 million in future payments upon the achievement of sales-based milestones, which are based upon specified annual net product sales of XADAGO in the U.S. During the term of the License and Distribution Agreement, we are also obligated to pay a royalty on net product sales of XADAGO in the U.S. In the event that XADAGO annual net sales exceed the specified U.S. annual net product sales thresholds, the royalty percent increases and could go as high as the mid-teens. 
 Under the Supply Agreement, we must purchase from Zambon and Zambon must provide to us all XADAGO finished products for the U.S. market. 
 We have agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to develop and commercialize XADAGO under the agreement. Either party may terminate the agreement under certain circumstances, including a material breach of the agreement by the other. 
 MYOBLOC 
 In May 2004, we entered into an asset purchase agreement with Elan Pharmaceuticals (Elan agreement), now a subsidiary of Perrigo Company (Perrigo). Under the Elan agreement, we own the worldwide rights to MYOBLOC and pay a low double digit royalty to Perrigo based on U.S. annual net sales of MYOBLOC. If MYOBLOC is approved in the U.S. for cosmetic 
 
 15 

Table of Conte n t s 

 use, Perrigo is eligible to receive a milestone payment and the royalty rate will become subject to certain reductions based on cosmetic use net sales. Under a settlement agreement between Perrigo and Allergan, certain amounts of the royalty are owed to Allergan. We also have the right under the Elan agreement to make use of, develop and offer for sale worldwide products containing Botulinum Toxin Type B. The Elan agreement may not be terminated for convenience. 
 We also have an agreement with Elan and Eisai related to the marketing and distribution of NerBloc in Japan by Eisai. We also have the right under the agreement to make use of, develop and offer for sale in Japan human pharmaceutical drugs containing Botulinum Toxin Type B. This agreement will terminate upon certain conditions relating to Perrigo's patent rights and the commercial launch of products with respect to cervical dystonia and indications other than cervical dystonia. 
 We have a contract manufacturing agreement with Merz Pharma GmbH Co. KGaA (Merz) for the manufacture and supply of MYOBLOC and NerBloc (Merz Agreement). Pursuant to the Merz Agreement, Merz is required to provide a dedicated manufacturing facility including a stand-alone building, dedicated clean room suites, dedicated manufacturing and purification equipment, and filling and packaging production lines (collectively, the manufacturing facility) to manufacture finished products. The Merz Agreement will expire in July 2027, unless the Company and Merz mutually agree to extend the term. The Merz Agreement may not be terminated for convenience. Under the terms of the Merz Agreement, the Company is required to purchase a minimum quantity of finished products on an annual basis. This minimum purchase requirement represents the in-substance fixed contract consideration associated with the dedicated manufacturing facility. The Company has an annual minimum purchase quantity requirement of finished products. 
 Osmolex ER 
 Our subsidiary Adamas Operations has the global rights to Osmolex ER. Pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement with Osmotica Pharmaceutical US LLC and Vertical Pharmaceuticals LLC (Osmotica) entered into on December 1, 2020 (transaction closed on January 4, 2021) both parties gave each other mutual releases and agreed to dismiss their respective claims relating to certain patent litigation; Adamas Operations acquired the global rights to Osmolex ER and existing inventory and the assumption of certain liabilities; and Osmotica agreed not to engage in the development, manufacture, or sale of any product in the U.S. that is a generic version of any dosage strength of Osmolex ER for a period of five years from the closing of the Asset Purchase Agreement. 
 SPN-817 (huperzine A) 
 In September 2018, we entered into a merger agreement to acquire Biscayne Neurotherapeutics (Biscayne), a privately-held company developing a novel treatment for epilepsy (SPN-817). Through this agreement, we obtained worldwide rights, excluding certain markets in Asia where rights have been previously out-licensed, to SPN-817. SPN-817 has received Orphan Drug designation from the FDA for the treatment of Dravet Syndrome, a severe form of childhood epilepsy and Lennox-Gastaut Syndrome. We may be obligated to pay up to 73 million to the prior Biscayne security holders if certain development milestones are achieved and up to an additional 95 million if certain sales milestones are achieved. In addition, we will be obligated to pay a low single digit royalty on net sales to the prior Biscayne security holders and any applicable royalties to third parties for the use of in-licensed IP. The maximum combined royalty we will pay to all parties on net product sales is approximately 12 , depending on the IP covering the commercial product and the applicable tiered sales levels. 
 SPN-820 (NV-5138) 
 In April 2020, we entered into a Development and Option Agreement with Navitor to collaborate on a clinical development program for NV-5138 (SPN-820), Navitor's mTORC1 activator. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company and Navitor will jointly conduct a Phase II clinical program in TRD. We will pay the costs of Phase II development up to 50 million, plus certain costs associated with nonclinical development and formulation. In addition, Navitor has granted the Company an exclusive option to license or acquire NV-5138 in all world territories, prior to initiation of the Phase III clinical program. We paid Navitor a one time, nonrefundable, and non-creditable fee of 10 million for the option to acquire or license NV-5138 (SPN-820) and made a 15 million equity investment representing approximately 13 ownership in Navitor. In December 2021, we received a 12.9 million cash distribution pursuant to our ownership position in Navitor LLC following the sale of one of its subsidiaries. There are certain additional payment amounts that could be incurred by the Company. These costs are contingent upon Navitor and the Company achieving defined development milestones. 
 Total payments, exclusive of royalty payments on net sales of NV-5138 and development costs under the agreement, have the potential to reach 410 million to 475 million, which includes the upfront payment of 25 million paid in 2020, an additional license or acquisition fee depending on whether the Company ultimately licenses or acquires NV-5138, and subsequent clinical, regulatory and sales based milestone payments. We also will have the first right of refusal for any compound with a similar MOA to NV-5138 on mTORC1 in the central nervous system. 
 
 16 

Table of Conte n t s 

 See Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , Note 5, Investments , in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Namzaric 
 Namzaric (memantine hydrochloride extended release and donepezil hydrochloride) capsules for the treatment of moderate to severe dementia of an Alzheimer's type is currently marketed by Allergan plc under an exclusive license agreement between Adamas Pharmaceuticals and Forest Laboratories Holdings Limited ("Forest"), an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Allergan plc (collectively, "Allergan") in the United States. Adamas Pharmaceuticals receives royalties on net sales of Namzaric from May 2020. Allergan is responsible for all manufacturing related to Namzaric. 
 In November 2012, Allergan was granted an exclusive license, with right to sublicense, certain of Adamas Pharmaceuticals' intellectual property rights relating to human therapeutics containing memantine in the United States. In connection with these rights, Allergan markets and sells Namzaric (memantine and donepezil hydrochlorides) extended-release capsules and NAMENDA XR (memantine hydrochloride) extended release capsules for the treatment of moderate to severe dementia related to Alzheimer's disease. 
 Adamas Pharmaceuticals is entitled to receive royalties on net sales in the United States by Allergan, its affiliates, or any of its sublicensees of controlled-release versions of memantine products covered by the terms of the license agreement. Allergan's obligation to pay royalties with respect to fixed-dose memantine-donepezil products, including Namzaric, continues until the later of (i) 15 years after the commercial launch of the first fixed-dose memantine-donepezil product by Allergan in the United States or (ii) the expiration of the Orange Book listed patents for which Allergan obtained rights from Adamas covering such product. However, Allergan's obligation to pay royalties for any product covered by the license is eliminated in any quarter where there is significant competition from generics. 
 Royalties recognized from Allergan are in the low double digits to mid-teens, as a percent of net sales of Namzaric in the United States. Based on recent trends of Namzaric sales, the tiered royalty is expected to be in the low double digits through the term of the agreement. Based on the current settlement agreements with the Namzaric Abbreviated New Drug Application (ANDA) filers to date, the earliest date on which any of these agreements grant a license to market a Namzaric ANDA filer's generic version of Namzaric is January 1, 2025 (or earlier in certain circumstances). Alternatively, the Namzaric ANDA filers with the earliest license date have the option to launch an authorized generic version of Namzaric beginning on January 1, 2026 instead of launching their own generic version of Namzaric on January 1, 2025. 
 Adamas expects that it will not receive royalties on sales of NAMENDA XR because of the entry of multiple generic versions of NAMENDA XR. 
 United Therapeutics 
 We have a license agreement with United Therapeutics Corporation for it to use one of our proprietary technologies in an oral formulation of treprostinil diethanolamine, or treprostinil, for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension, and other indications. United Therapeutics Corporation launched Orenitram (treprostinil) in 2014, which triggered a 2.0 million milestone payment to the Company. In the third quarter of 2014, we received a cash payment of 30.0 million from HealthCare Royalty Partners III, L.P.'s (HC Royalty), for the purchase of certain of our rights under our license agreement with United Therapeutics Corporation related to the commercialization of Orenitram. This is a non-recourse liability for which we have no obligation to make any cash payments to HC Royalty, under any circumstances. Ownership of the royalty rights will return to us if/when a certain cumulative threshold payment to HC Royalty is reached. 
 We are entitled to receive milestones and royalties for the use of this formulation in indications other than arterial hypertension. 
 Takeda Pharmaceuticals Company Ltd. 
 The Company has entered into a licensing agreement with Takeda Pharmaceuticals Company Ltd. (Takeda) under which Takeda received the right to use the Company's intellectual property as a functional license. Microtrol, one of our key proprietary technology platforms, was utilized to develop Mydayis. The Company is eligible to receive royalties under this agreement based on net product sales of Takeda's product, Mydayis. 

17 

Table of Conte n t s 

 Stendhal 
 The Company has entered into a collaboration agreement with Stendhal to commercialize both Oxtellar XR and Trokendi XR outside of the U.S. Those agreements include the right to use the Company s intellectual property as a functional license, and generally include an up-front license fee and ongoing milestone payments upon the achievement of certain specific events. These agreements may also require minimum royalty payments, based on sales of products which use the applicable intellectual property. 
 Zydus Pharmaceuticals (USA), Inc. 
 The Company has settlement and licensing agreements dated in March 2017 and December 2022 with Zydus Pharmaceuticals (USA), Inc. (Zydus) (collectively, the "Zydus Agreements") to settle patent litigation and to grant Zydus with a non-exclusive license to market a generic version of Trokendi XR in the U.S. The Company is eligible to receive royalties under the Zydus Agreements based on net product sales and the number of generic equivalent products on the market in the U.S. Zydus launched its generic version of Trokendi XR in the first quarter of 2023. 
 Confidential Information and Inventions Assignment Agreements 
 We, including our subsidiaries, require our employees, temporary employees, and consultants to execute confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of employment, consulting, or collaborative relationships with us or our subsidiaries. These agreements provide that all confidential information developed by or made known during the course of the relationship with us or our subsidiaries be kept confidential and not disclosed to third parties, except in specific circumstances. The agreements provide that all inventions resulting from work performed for us or relating to our business and conceived of or completed by the individual during employment or assignment, as applicable, shall be our exclusive property or the exclusive property of the applicable subsidiary, in each case, to the extent permitted by applicable law. 
 We and our subsidiaries seek to protect our respective products, product candidates, and our technologies through a combination of patents, trade secrets, proprietary know-how, FDA exclusivity, and contractual restrictions on disclosure. 
 Government Regulation 
 U.S. Drug Development Process 
 The research and development process generally begins with discovery research, which focuses on the identification of a molecule that has the desired effect against a given disease. The FDA requires submission of an IND, which must become effective before human clinical trial testing may commence. The results of pre-clinical testing, along with other information, including information abo ut product chemistry, product manufacturing and controls, and a proposed clinical trial protocol, are submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. Until the IND is approved or becomes effective following a waiting period, we may not start the clinical trials. This is typically followed by additional preclinical laboratory and animal testing, and adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials to establish the safety and efficacy of the proposed drug for its intended use. The satisfaction of FDA approval requirements typically takes many years. The actual time required may vary substantially based upon the type, complexity, and novelty of the product or disease. 
 Preclinical tests include laboratory evaluation, as well as animal studies to assess the characteristics and potential pharmacology, pharmacokinetics, and toxicity of the product. The conduct of the preclinical tests must comply with FDA regulations and requirements, including acceptable laboratory practices. 
 If preclinical testing of an identified compound proves successful, the compound moves into clinical development. While these are generally conducted in three sequential phases, the phases may overlap or be combined. 
 Phase I - Involves the first human tests of the drug, in a small number of healthy volunteers or in patients (15 to 30 individuals), to assess safety, tolerability, potential dosing, and if possible, early evidence on effectiveness. 
 Phase II - Involves trials in a relatively small group of patients (fewer than 100) to determine the effectiveness of the drug for a particular indication(s); dosage tolerance, and optimum dosage; and to identify common adverse effects and safety risks. 
 Phase III - Involves tests confirming favorable results in earlier phases, in a significantly larger patient population, and to further demonstrate efficacy and safety. Phase III trials include both a control group that receives the standard treatment and a study group that receives the new treatment that is being tested. 
 
 18 

Table of Conte n t s 

 Clinical trials must be conducted in compliance with applicable regulations and consistent with acceptable clinical practices, as well as protocols detailing the objectives of the trial, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety, and the parameters to determine effectiveness. Each protocol involving testing on patients, and subsequent protocol amendments, must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. The FDA may order the temporary halt or permanent discontinuation of a clinical trial at any time, or to impose other sanctions if they believe that the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with the applicable requirements, or if continuing the trial presents an unacceptable risk to the clinical trial patients. The study protocol and informed consent information for patients in clinical trials must also be submitted to an institutional review board (IRB) or ethics committee for approval. The IRB/ethics committee may also require the clinical trial at the site to be halted, either temporarily or permanently, for failure to comply with the IRB/ethics committee requirements, or they may impose other sanctions. 
 Concurrent with clinical trials, companies usually complete additional animal studies and must develop additional information about the chemistry and physical characteristics of the product candidate. They must finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance with current good manufacturing practice (cGMP) requirements. More over, the product used in late-stage clinical trials must be manufactured under the proposed commercial process and at the same scale as will be used commercially. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the product candidate. The manufacturer must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality, and purity of the final product. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested. Stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the product candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life under various conditions and for commercially viable lengths of time. 
 The research and development process, from discovery through a new drug launch, requires substantial time, effort, skill, and financial resources. The research and development of any product candidate has a significant amount of inherent uncertainty. Often, substantial resources must be committed even though success is far from assured. There is no guarantee when, or if, a product candidate will receive the regulatory approval required to launch a new drug or new indication of an existing drug. 
 In addition to the development of new products and new formulations, research and development projects also may include Phase IV trials, sometimes called post-marketing studies. For such projects, clinical trials are designed and conducted to collect additional data regarding, among other parameters, the benefits and risks of an approved drug. Alternatively, these trials may be conducted to assess the effectiveness of a product candidate in a new patient population. 
 U.S. FDA Review and Approval Processes 
 Drug development is an inherently uncertain process with a high risk of failure at every stage of development. After the completion of the required clinical testing, an NDA is prepared and submitted to the FDA. FDA approval of the NDA is required before marketing of the product may begin in the U.S. The NDA must include the results of all preclinical, clinical, and other testing, along with a description of the manufacturing process, validation of the manufacturing process, analytical tests conducted on the drug, proposed labeling, and other relevant information. The NDA requests approval to market the product. Each NDA is subject to a substantial user fee at the time of submission unless a waiver is granted by the FDA. A holder of an approved NDA may also be subject to annual product and establishment user fees. These fees typically increase annually. 
 The FDA has 60 days from its receipt of an NDA to determine whether the application will be accepted for filing, which is based on the agency's threshold determination that the NDA is sufficiently complete to permit substantive review. Additional information may be requested, rather than accepting an application for filing. 
 Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth review. Review status could be either standard or priority. The review period for standard review applications is typically ten months and, for priority review applications, it is typically six months post acceptance. The review process may be extended by the FDA for three additional months to consider new information submitted during the review for clarification purposes. 
 The FDA may also refer applications for novel drug products or drug products that present difficult questions of safety or efficacy to an advisory committee, which is typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts. The advisory committee reviews and evaluates information and prepares a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved. The FDA is not bound by the recommendation of an advisory committee, but it generally follows such recommendations. After the FDA evaluates the information provided in the NDA, it issues either an approval letter or a complete response letter. A complete response letter outlines the deficiencies in the submission and may require substantial additional testing or information in order for the FDA to reconsider the application. If and when those deficiencies have been addressed, the FDA will re-initiate review. If it is satisfied that the deficiencies have been addressed, the FDA will issue an approval letter. 
 
 19 

Table of Conte n t s 

 During the review period, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance with good clinical practice regulations. The FDA will inspect the facility(ies) at which the drug is manufactured to ensure compliance with cGMP regulations. The FDA may also undertake an audit of nonclinical and clinical sites. The FDA will not approve the product unless compliance is satisfactory and unless the application contains the data that provide substantial evidence that the drug is safe and effective in the indication studied. 
 A marketing approval authorizes commercial marketing of the drug, with specific prescribing information for specific indications. As a condition of NDA approval, the FDA may require a risk evaluation and mitigating strategy (REMS) to help ensure that the benefits of the drug outweigh the potential risks. REMS can include medication guides, communication plans for health care professionals, and elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries, and other risk minimization tools. Moreover, as a condition to product approval, the FDA may require substantial post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor the drug's safety or efficacy in commercial use and may impose other conditions, including distribution and labeling restrictions, which can materially affect the potential addressable market and profitability of the drug. Once granted, product approvals may be withdrawn if compliance with regulatory standards is not maintained, if problems are identified following initial marketing, or if post-marketing commitments are not met. Certain of the Company's commercial products have post-marketing commitments. 
 The approval process is lengthy and difficult. The FDA may refuse to approve the NDA if the applicable regulatory criteria are not satisfied. Further, data obtained from clinical trials are not always conclusive, or the FDA may interpret data differently than us. In addition, if a product receives regulatory approval, the approval may be significantly limited to specific diseases, dosages, or indications. This could restrict the commercial value of the product. Also, the FDA may require that certain contraindications, warnings, or precautions be included in the product labeling, as well as requiring Phase IV testing. 
 New Drug Application 
 Our activities encompass two types of NDAs: Section 505(b)(1) NDA (Full NDA) and Section 505(b)(2) NDA. 
 A Section 505(b)(1), which is a "full" or "stand-alone" NDA, must contain all pertinent information and full reports of investigations conducted by the applicant to demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of the drug, as well as complete preclinical, clinical, and manufacturing information. 
 Section 505(b)(2) NDAs often provide an alternative path to FDA approval for new or improved formulations or new uses of previously approved products. For a Section 505(b)(2) application, the FDA permits the submission of an NDA where at least some of the information required for approval comes from clinical trials not conducted by or for the applicant, and for which the applicant has not obtained a right of reference. The FDA permits the applicant to rely upon the FDA's previous findings of safety and effectiveness for an approved product. The FDA requires submission of information needed to support any changes to a previously approved drug, such as published data or new studies conducted by the applicant, including bioavailability or bioequivalence studies or clinical trials demonstrating safety and effectiveness. The FDA may then approve the new product candidate for all or some of the label indications for which the referenced product has been approved, as well as for any new indication sought by the Section 505(b)(2) applicant. The Section 505(b)(2) regulatory approval process is designed to allow for potentially expedited, lower cost and lower risk regulatory approval, based on previously established safety, efficacy, and manufacturing information on a drug which has been already approved by the FDA for the same or a different indication. 
 To the extent that the Section 505(b)(2) applicant is relying on studies conducted on previously approved drug product, the Section 505(b)(2) applicant must submit patent certifications with respect to any patents for the approved product on which the application relies that are listed in the FDA's publication, Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations, commonly referred to as the Orange Book. Specifically, the applicant must certify for each listed patent that either: (1) the required patent information has not been filed; or (2) the listed patent has expired; or (3) the listed patent has not expired but will expire on a particular date, and approval is not sought until after patent expiration; or (4) the listed patent is invalid, unenforceable or will not be infringed by the proposed new product. A certification that the new product will not infringe the previously approved product's listed patent or that such patent is invalid or unenforceable is known as a Paragraph IV certification. 
 If the applicant does not challenge one or more listed patents through a Paragraph IV certification, the FDA will not approve the Section 505(b)(2) NDA application until all the listed patents claiming the referenced product have expired. Further, the FDA also will not approve, as applicable, a Section 505(b)(2) NDA application until any non-patent exclusivity has expired, for example: five-year exclusivity period for obtaining approval of an NCE; or three year exclusivity period for an approval based on new clinical trials; or pediatric exclusivity, listed in the Orange Book for the referenced product. 
 
 20 

Table of Conte n t s 

 A section 505(b)(2) NDA applicant must send notice of the Paragraph IV certification to the owner of the referenced NDA for the previously approved product and relevant patent holders within 20 days after the Section 505(b)(2) NDA has been accepted for filing by the FDA. If the relevant patent holder elects to initiate litigation, the Section 505(b)(2) applicant may invest a significant amount of time and expense in the development of its product, only to be subject to significant delay and patent litigation before its product may be commercialized. Alternatively, if the NDA applicant or relevant patent holder does not file a patent infringement lawsuit within the specified 45 day period, the FDA may approve the Section 505(b)(2) application at any time. 
 Notwithstanding the approval of many products by the FDA pursuant to Section 505(b)(2) over the last few years, some pharmace utical companies and others have objected to the FDA's interpretation of Section 505(b)(2). If the FDA changes its interpretation of Section 505(b)(2), or if the FDA's interpretation is successfully challenged in court, this could delay or even prevent the FDA from approving any Section 505(b)(2) NDA that we submit. 
 By its very nature, a Section 505(b)(1) NDA submission carries a higher degree of regulatory approval risk than a Section 505(b)(2) NDA submission. In addition, a requirement for more extensive testing and development can adversely impact our ability to compete with alternative products that arrive on the market sooner than our product candidate. Further, the time and financial resources required to obtain FDA approval could substantially and materially increase. 
 Review and Approval of Combination Products 
 Products comprised of separate components (e.g., a drug and a device; a biologic and a device; a drug and a biologic; or a drug, device, and a biologic) are known as "combination products." Such products often raise regulatory, policy, and review management challenges because they integrate components that are regulated under different types of regulatory requirements and by different FDA Centers, namely, Center for Drug Evaluation and Research (CDER), Center for Devices and Radiological Health (CDRH), and the Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research (CBER) (each a "Center"). Differences in regulatory pathways for each component can impact the regulatory processes for all aspects of product development and management, including preclinical testing, clin ical investigation, marketing applications, manufacturing and quality control, adverse event reporting, promotion and advertising, user fees, and post-approval modifications. 
 The FDA's Office of Combination Products (OCP) determines which Center will have primary jurisdiction (the "Lead Center") for the combination product based on the combination product's "primary mode of action" (PMOA). A mode of action is the means by which a product achieves an intended therapeutic effect or action. The PMOA is the mode of action that provides the most important therapeutic action of the combination product or the mode of action expected to make the greatest contribution to the overall intended therapeutic effects of the combination product. The Lead Center has primary responsibility for the review and regulation of a combination product; however, a second Center is often involved in the review process, especially to provide input regarding the "secondary" component(s). In most instances, the Lead Center applies its usual regulatory pathway. For example, a drug-device combination product assigned to CDER will typically be reviewed under an NDA, while a drug-device combination product assigned to CDRH is typically reviewed through a 510(k), Premarket Approval Application (PMA), or de novo reclassification request. 
 Often it is difficult for OCP to determine with reasonable certainty the most important therapeutic action of the combination product. In those difficult cases, OCP will consider consistency with other combination products raising similar types of safety and effectiveness questions, or which Center has the most expertise to evaluate the most significant safety and effectiveness questions raised by the combination product. A sponsor may use a voluntary formal process, known as a Request for Designation, when the product classification is unclear or in dispute to obtain a binding decision as to which a product's primary mode of action as well as which center will regulate the combination product. If the sponsor objects to that decision, it may request that the agency reconsider that decision. 
 Combination products are subject to application User Fees based on the type of application submitted for the product's premarket approval or clearance. For example, a combination product for which an NDA is submitted is subject to the NDA fee under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act. Likewise, a combination product for which a PMA is submitted is subject to the PMA fee under the Medical Device User Fee and Modernization Act. 
 Since a combination product incorporates two or more components with different regulatory requirements, a combination product manufacturer must comply with all cGMP and Quality System (QS) Regulation/Medical Device Good Manufacturing Practices (QSR) requirements that apply to each component. The FDA has issued a combination product cGMP regulation, along with final gu idance, describing two approaches a combination product manufacturer may follow to demonstrate compliance. Under these two options, the manufacturer demonstrates compliance with: 
 All cGMP regulations applicable to each separate regulated component included in the combination product; or 
 
 21 

Table of Conte n t s 

 Either the drug cGMPs or the QSR, as well as with specified provisions from the other of these two sets of requirements (also called the "streamlined approach ). 
 Pediatric Information 
 Under the Pediatric Research Equity Act of 2007 (PREA), NDAs or supplements to NDAs must contain data to assess the safety and effectiveness of the drug for the claimed indication(s) in all relevant pediatric subpopulations and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the drug is safe and effective. The intent of the PREA is to compel sponsors whose drugs have pediatric applicability to study those drugs in pediatric populations, rather than ignoring pediatric indications for adult indications that could be more economically desirable. The FDA may grant deferrals for submission of data, full waivers, or partial waivers of the data requirements. Unless otherwise required by regulation, PREA does not apply to any drug for an indication for which an orphan drug designation has been granted. 
 Orphan Drug Designation 
 Orphan drug designation is granted by the FDA to drugs intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the U.S., but there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making the product available in the U.S. for the disease or condition will be recovered from sales of the product. Orphan drug designation must be requested before submitting an NDA. Orphan drug designation does not convey any advantage or shorten the duration of the regulatory review and approval process. However, if an orphan drug later receives approval for the indication for which it has an orphan designation, the FDA may not approve any other applications to market the same drug for the same indication. Exceptions to this policy include showing clinical superiority to the product with the orphan drug exclusivity or if the license holder cannot supply sufficient quantities of the product. Orphan drug exclusivity in the U.S., which is seven years, does not prevent the FDA from approving a different drug for the same disease or condition, or the same drug for a different disease or condition, provided the sponsor has conducted appropriate clinical trials required for approval. Among the other benefits of an orphan drug designation, are tax credits for certain research expenses and waiver of the NDA application user fee for the orphan indication. However, a competitor obtaining orphan product exclusivity for a therapeutic agent before we do, could block the approval of one of our products for seven years for the same indication, unless we are able to demonstrate that our product is clinically superior, or the competitor cannot supply sufficient quantities of the product. 
 Priority Review 
 Under FDA policies, a drug candidate is eligible for priority review, or review within six months from filing, for a new molecular entity (NME). In addition, a six month review period may pertain to a non-NME if the drug candidate provides a significant improvement as compared to marketed drugs in the treatment, diagnosis, or prevention of disease. A fast track designated drug candidate would ordinarily meet the FDA's criteria for priority review. The FDA makes its determination of priority or standard review during the 60-day filing period post the initial NDA submission. 
 Fast Track Designation 
 The FDA is required to facilitate the development and expedite the review of drugs that are intended for the treatment of a serious or life-threatenin g condition and for which there is currently no effective treatment. These products must demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for the condition. The FDA must determine if the drug candidate qualifies for the fast track designation within 60 days of receipt of the sponsor's request. Once the FDA designates a drug as a fast track candidate, it is required to facilitate the development and expedite the review of that drug by providing more frequent communication and guidance to the sponsor. In addition to other benefits such as greater interaction with the FDA, the FDA may initiate a review of the sect ions of a fast track drug's NDA before the application is complete. This rolling review is available if the applicant provides and the FDA approves a schedule for the submission of the remaining information, and if the applicant pays the applicable user fees. However, the FDA's review period for filing and reviewing an application does not begin until the last section of the NDA has been submitted. Additionally, a fast track designation may be withdrawn by the FDA, if the FDA believes that the designation is no longer supported by data emerging in the clinical trial process. 
 Post-Approval Regulatory Requirements 
 Any drugs for which we receive FDA approval are subject to continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things: record-keeping requirements; reporting of AE s with the product; providing the FDA with updated safety and efficacy information; product sampling and distribution requirements; complying with certain electronic records and signature requirements; and complying with FDA promotion and advertising requirements. 
 
 22 

Table of Conte n t s 

 Drugs may be promot ed only for the approved indication and in accordance with the provisions of the approved label. Changes to some of the conditions established in an approved application, including changes in indications, labeling, or manufacturing processes or facilities, may require submission for further review and approval by the FDA before the change can be implemented. 
 Adverse event reporting and submission of periodic reports is required following marketing approval. The FDA may also require post-marketing testing, known as Phase IV testing, REMS, and surveillance to monitor the effects of an approved product, or place conditions on an approval that could restrict the distribution and use of the product. 
 In addition, quality control, as well as the manufacture, packaging and labeling procedures must continue to conform to cGMPs after approval. Drug manufacturers and other entities involved in the manufacturing and distribution of approved drugs are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with cGMPs. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money, and effort in the areas of production and quality control to maintain compliance with cGMPs. Regulatory agencies may withdraw product approval, or request product recalls if a company fails to comply with regulatory standards, or if it encounters problems following initial marketing, or if previously unrecognized problems are subsequently discovered. In addition, prescription drug manufacturers in the U.S. must comply with applicable p rovisions of the Drug Supply Chain Security Act, provide and receive product tracing information; maintain appropriate licenses, ensure they only work and contract with other properly licensed entities, and have procedures in place to identify and properly handle suspect and illegitimate products. 
 Patent Term Restoration and Marketing Exclusivity 
 Depending upon the timing, duration, and specifics of FDA marketing approval of our product candidates, some of our U.S. patents may be eligible for limited PTE under the Hatch-Waxman Amendments. The Hatch-Waxman Amendments permit a patent term restoration of up to five years as compensation for patent term lost during product development and during the FDA regulatory review process. However, patent term restoration cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the product's approval date. The patent term restoration period is generally 50 of the time between the effective date of an IND and the submission date of an NDA, plus the time between the submission date of an NDA and the approval of that application. Only one patent applicable to an approved drug is eligible for the extension, and the application for the extension must be submitted prior to the expiration of the patent and within sixty days of approval of the drug. The USPTO, in consultation with the FDA, reviews and approves the application for any paten t term extension or restoration. 
 Market exclusivity provisions under the FDCA can also delay the submission or the approval of certain applications. The Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FDCA) provide a five-year period of non-patent marketing exclusivity within the U.S. to the first applicant to gain the approval of an NDA for an NCE. A drug is an NCE if the FDA has not previously approved any other new drug containing the same active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) or active moiety, which is the molecule or ion responsible for the therapeutic action of the drug substance. During the exclusivity period, the FDA may not accept for review an abbreviated new drug application (ANDA) or a Section 505(b)(2) NDA submitted by another company for another version of such drug, where the applicant does not own or have a legal right of reference to all the data required for approval. As an alternative to submission via 505(b)(2) approval, an applicant may choose to submit a full Section 505(b)(1) NDA, wherein the applicant would be required to conduct its own preclinical and adequate, well-controlled clinical trials to demonstrate safety and effectiveness. They may not refer to other clinical trials or data. 
 The FDCA also provides three years of marketing exclusivity for an NDA, Section 505(b)(2) NDA, or supplement to an existing NDA, if new clinical investigations (other than bioavailability studies) that were conducted or sponsored by the applicant are deemed by the FDA to be essential to the approval of the application. Such clinical trials may, for example, support: new indications; dosages; routes of administration; or strengths of an existing drug. Alternatively, these trials may be for a new use if the new clinical investigations conducted or sponsored by the applicant are determined by the FDA to be essential to the approval of the application. This exclusivity, sometimes referred to as clinical investigation exclusivity, prevents the FDA from approving an application under Section 505(b)(2) for the same conditions of use associated with the new clinical investigations before the expiration of three years from the date of approval. Such three-year exclusivity, however, would not prevent the approval of another application if the applicant submits a Section 505(b)(1) NDA and has conducted its own adequate, well-controlled clinical trials demonstrating safety and efficacy, nor would it prevent approval of a Section 505(b)(2) product that did not incorporate the exclusivity-protected changes of the approved drug product. The FDCA, FDA regulations, and other applicable regulations and policies prov ide incentives to manufacturers to create modified, non-infringing versions of a drug to facilitate the approval of an ANDA or other application for generic substitutes. 
 Pediatric exclusivity is a type of non-patent marketing exclusivity granted in the U.S. If granted, pediatric exclusivity, provides an additional six months of exclusivity to be attached to any existing exclusivity (e.g., three or five year exclusivity) or 
 
 23 

Table of Conte n t s 

 to patent protection for a drug. This six month exclusivity, which runs from the end of other exclusivity protection or patent delay, may be granted based on the voluntary completion of a pediatric trial in accordance with an FDA-issued "Written Request" for such a trial. 
 Other Regulatory Requirements 
 In March 2019, MDD US Operations, LLC (formerly US WorldMeds, LLC) and its subsidiary, Solstice Neurosciences, LLC (US) (collectively, the MDD Subsidiaries), each of which are now subsidiaries of the Company, entered into a Corporate Integrity Agreement (CIA) with the Office of Inspector General of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. Under the CIA, the MDD Subsidiaries agreed to pay 17.5 million to resolve U.S. Department of Justice allegations that the MDD Subsidiaries violated the False Claims Act by paying kickbacks to induce the use of APOKYN and MYOBLOC (collectively, the MDD Products). The fine was paid by the MDD Subsidiaries prior to the closing of the USWM Acquisition. The False Claims Act provides that any Person who knowingly submits false claims to the government is liable for treble damages as well as additional penalties. 
 As a consequence of the USWM Acquisition, and under the terms of the CIA, the Company has assumed the extensive obligations of the MDD Subsidiaries concerning the ongoing maintenance of an effective compliance and disclosure program to promote compliance with the statutes, regulations and written directives of Medicare, Medicaid and all other Federal health care programs and with the statutes, regulations and written directives of the FDA. The CIA has a term of five years, with the final Reporting Period ending in April 2024, and imposes material burdens on the Company, its officers and directors to take actions designed to insure compliance with applicable healthcare laws, including requirements to maintain specific compliance positions within the Company, to report any non-compliance with the terms of the agreement, to submit annual reports to the Office of Inspector General of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services and to have prepared an annual audit by an Independent Review Organization. The CIA sets forth potentially substantial stipulated monetary penalties for non-compliance with the terms of the agreement. In addition, the Company may be excluded from participation in federally funded healthcare programs for a material breach of the CIA, which would result in substantial losses to the Company. 
 The U.S. has enacted a number of legislative and regulatory proposals to change the healthcare system in ways that could affect our ability to sell our products profitably. In the U.S., the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (as amended), is a sweeping measure intended to improve quality of care, constrain healthcare spending, and expand healthcare coverage within the U.S. This is accomplished primarily through the imposition of health insurance mandates on employers and individuals and the expansion of the Medicaid program. 
 In addition to FDA restrictions on the marketing of pharmaceutical products, several other types of state and federal laws have been applied to restrict certain business and marketing practices in the pharmaceutical industry in recent years. These laws include: anti-kickback; false claims; patient data privacy; civil monetary penalties statute; and security and transparency statutes and regulations. 
 The Federal Open Payments program requires certain manufacturers, including those that engage in the production, preparation, propagation, compounding, or conversion of drugs, devices, biological, and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid, or the Children's Health Insurance Program, with certain exceptions, to report annually to the federal government information related to payments and other transfers of value made to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists, and chiropractors) and teaching hospitals, as well as certain ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. Effective with the 2022 report filing, we are also required to report information regarding payments and other transfers of value provided during the previous year to physician assistants, nurse practitioners, clinical nurse specialists, certified nurse anesthetists and anesthesiologist assistants, and certified nurse-midwives. 
 The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), to which we are also subject, prohibits corporations and individuals from engaging in certain activities to obtain or retain business or influence a person working in an official capacity. Under FCPA, it is illegal to pay, offer to pay, or authorize the payment of anything of value to any foreign government official, government staff member, political party, or political candidate in an attempt to obtain or retain business or otherwise influence a person working in an official capacity. Historically, pharmaceutical companies have been the target of FCPA and other anti-corruption investigations and penalties. 
 In addition, we are subject to data privacy and security regulations by the federal government, the states, and certain foreign governments in which we conduct our business. The legislative and regulatory landscape for privacy and data protection continues to evolve, and there has been an increasing focus on privacy and data protection issues which may affect our business. Numerous federal and state laws and regulations, including state security breach notification laws, state health information privacy laws and federal and state consumer protection laws, govern the collection, use, disclosure, and protection of personal information. Failure to comply with such laws and regulations could result in government enforcement actions and create liability 
 
 24 

Table of Conte n t s 

 for us (including the imposition of significant penalties), private litigation and/or adverse publicity that negatively affects our business. In addition, healthcare providers who prescribe our products and research institutions we collaborate with are subject to privacy and security requirements under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA), as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (HITECH). HIPAA and its implementing regulations impose certain requirements on covered entities, including certain healthcare providers, health plans, and healthcare clearinghouses as well as their respective business associates (including us) that create, receive, maintain or transmit individually identifiable health information for or on behalf of a covered entity and their subcontractors that use, disclose, access, or otherwise process individually identifiable protected health information, relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information. Among other things, HITECH makes HIPAA's privacy and security standards directly applicable to business associates, which are independent contractors or agents of covered entities that receive or obtain protected health information in connection with providing a service on behalf of a covered entity. HITECH also created four new tiers of civil monetary penalties, amended HIPAA to make civil and criminal penalties directly applicable to business associates and possibly other persons, and gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce the federal HIPAA laws and seek attorneys' fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions. In addition, state laws govern the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts. 
 In order to be eligible to have our products paid for with federal funds under the Medicaid and Medicare Part B programs and purchased by certain federal agencies and grantees, we must comply with the Veterans Health Care Act of 1992 (VHCA). The VHCA requires manufacturers to offer their covered drugs (biologics and single source and innovator multiple source drugs) for sale to certain federal agencies, including but not limited to, the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA), on a Federal Supply Schedule contract, at a price no higher than the statutory Federal Ceiling Price (FCP). The FCP is based on the non-federal average manufacturer price, or Non-FAMP, which we will have to calculate and report to the VA on a quarterly and annual basis. In addition, the Federal Supply Schedule contract requires compliance with applicable federal procurement laws. 
 Depending on the circumstances, failure to comply with these laws can result in penalties, including significant criminal, civil, and/or administrative criminal penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, exclusion of products from reimbursement under government programs, "qui tam" actions brought by individual whistleblowers in the name of the government, imprisonment, additional reporting requirements and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or similar agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, refusal to allow us to enter into supply contracts, including government contracts, reputational harm, diminished profits, and future earnings, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our business. 
 In addition to regulations in the U.S., we are subject to a variety of foreign regulations governing clinical trials, commercial sales, as well as the distribution of our product candidates, to the extent we choose to clinically evaluate or sell products outside of the U.S. Whether or not we obtain FDA approval for a product, we must obtain approval of a product by the appropriate regulatory authorities of foreign countries before we can commence clinical trials or marketing of the product in those countries. The requirements, approval process and the time frame varies for each jurisdiction. As in the U.S., post-approval regulatory requirements, such as those regarding product manufacture, marketing, or distribution, would apply to any product that is approved outside the U.S. We generally market our products outside of the U.S. through licensing arrangements. 
 Refer to Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors , for discussion of risks associated with government regulations. 
 Pharmaceutical Coverage, Pricing, and Reimbursement 
 Significant uncertainty exists as to the third-party payor coverage and reimbursement status of any of our products and product candidates for which we obtain regulatory approval. Sales of any pr oducts for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale will depend in part on the availability of reimbursement from third-party payors. Third-party payors include government health administrative authorities, managed care providers, private health insurers, and other entities. The process for determining whether a payor will provide coverage for a drug product may be separate from the process for setting the price or reimbursement rate that the payor will pay for the drug product. Third-party payors may limit coverage to specific drug products on an approved list, or formulary, which might not include all of the FDA-approved drug products for a particular indication. Third-party payors are increasingly challenging prices and examining the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of medical products and services, in addition to their safety and efficacy. We may need to conduct expensive pharmaco-economic studies in order to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of our products, in addition to the costs required to obtain the FDA approvals. Our product candidates may not be considered medically necessary or cost-effective by such third-party payors. A third-party payor's decision to provide coverage for a drug product does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Adequate third-party reimbursement may not be available to enable us to maintain price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development. 
 
 25 

Table of Conte n t s 

 The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, collectively known as the Affordable Care Act (ACA), substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers and significantly impacted the pharmaceutical industry. Federal, state, and local governments in the U.S. continue to consider legislation to limit the growth of health care costs, including the cost of prescription drugs. Future legislation could limit payments for pharmaceuticals, such as the product candidates that we are developing. 
 The marketability of any drug candidates for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale may suffer if the government and third-party payors fail to provide adequate coverage and reimbursement. In addition, emphasis on managed care in the United States has increased, and we expect will continue to increase the pressure on pharmaceutical drug pricing. Coverage policies and third-party reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more products for which we receive regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. 
 Over the past several years an increasing number of U.S. states have passed, or are in the process of passing, new regulations designed to increase pricing transparency associated with pharmaceutical manufacturers. Many states have determined that it's in their preferred interest to take legislative action in order to curb drug price increases and to decrease their annual pharmaceutical spend. This momentum is likely to continue in the years ahead. Many of the enacted state price transparency regulations fall into the following categories: advance notice of price increases; price increase reporting; periodic price reports; new drug reporting; price information disclosures to Health Care Professionals and state agencies. The potential penalties for noncompliance vary by state regulation. While certain regulations do not contain specific penalty clauses most do and can contain penalties that can be significant per violation for noncompliance. 
 Environmental Matters 
 Our operations and those of our third-party manufacturers and suppliers are subject to national, state and local environmental laws. We have made, and intend to continue to make, expenditures and undertake efforts to comply with applicable laws. We believe the safety procedures utilized by us for the handling and disposing hazardous materials comply with the standards prescribed by applicable laws and regulations. 
 Human Capital 
 Our success begins and ends with our people. Our solid progress to date reflects the talent and hard work of all of our employees. We consider the intellectual capital of our employees to be an essential driver of our business and key to our future prospects. Attracting, developing, and retaining talented people in technical, marketing, sales, research, and other positions is crucial to executing our strategy and our ability to compete effectively. As of December 31, 2022, we employed 612 full-time employees in the U.S. None of our employees are represented by a labor union. We consider relations with our employees to be go od. 
 Talent Acquisition, Retention and Development 
 Our key human capital objectives are to attract, retain and develop the highest quality talent. We employ various human resource programs in support of these objectives. Our ability to recruit and retain such talent depends on a number of factors, including compensation and benefits, talent development and career opportunities, and the work environment. 
 We attract and reward our employees by providing market competitive compensation and benefit packages, including incentives and recognition plans that extend to all levels in our organization. To that end, we offer a comprehensive total rewards program aimed at health, home-life, and financial needs of our employees. Our total rewards package includes market-competitive pay, broad-based stock grants, bonuses, healthcare benefits, retirement savings plans, paid time off and family leave, and an Employee Assistance Program, and mental health services. 
 We are committed to the safety, health, and security of our employees. We believe a hazard-free environment is critical for the success of our business. Throughout our operations, we strive to ensure that all our employees have access to safe workplaces that allow them to succeed in their jobs. Our experience and continuing focus on workplace safety has enabled us to preserve business continuity without sacrificing our commitment to keeping our colleagues and workplace visitors safe. 
 Inclusion and Diversity 
 We place a strong value on collaboration, inclusion, and diversity, and we believe that working together leads to better outcomes for our customers. This extends to the way we treat each other as team members. We strive to create an environment where innovative ideas can flourish by demonstrating respect for each other and valuing the diverse opinions, backgrounds, and 
 
 26 

Table of Conte n t s 

 viewpoints of employees. We believe a diverse and inclusive workplace results in business growth and encourages increased innovation, retention of talent, and a more engaged workforce. 
 In recent years we have been named to a number of best company lists, including the 2021 Forbes Best Small Companies list and the 2020 Best of Rockville Pharmaceutical Companies list. 
 Other Information 
 We are listed on the NASDAQ Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol SUPN. Our principal executive offices are located at 9715 Key West Ave., Rockville, Maryland, 20850. Our website address is www.supernus.com . 
 We make available free of charge on our website our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports, as well as proxy statements, and, from time to time, other documents, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish such material to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Through a link on the Investor Relations portion of our website, you can access our filings with the SEC. Information contained on our website is not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The SEC also maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy, and other information statements, and other information regarding issuers, including us, that file electronically with the SEC. 
 References to our website and the SEC s website in this report are provided as a convenience and do not constitute, and should not be viewed as, incorporation by reference of the information contained on, or available through, such websites. Such information should not be considered a part of this report unless otherwise expressly incorporated by reference in this report. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 
 Any investment in our business involves a high degree of risk. Before making an investment decision, you should carefully consider the risks described below, with all of the other information we include in this report and the additional information in the other reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC" or the "Commission"). These risks may result in material harm to our business, our financial condition, and the results of our operations. If a material, adverse event was to occur, the market price of our common stock may decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. 
 RISK FACTORS SUMMARY 
 We are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties, including risks related to our industry and business, risks related to our finances and capital requirements, risks related to securities markets and investment in our stock, and certain general risks, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The summary below is not exhaustive and is qualified by reference to the full set of risk factors set forth in this "Risk Factors section. 
 Page Risks Related to Our Industry and Business We are dependent on the commercial success of our products in the U.S. 
 29 
 If generics or other versions of extended or controlled release oxcarbazepine or topiramate, or other products including generics containing apomorphine hydrochloride, amantadine, or viloxazine hydrochloride, are approved and successfully commercialized, our business could be materially harmed. 
 30 
 We are subject to uncertainty relating to payment or managed care reimbursement policies, which, if not favorable for our products or product candidates, could hinder or prevent our commercial success. 
 31 
 We depend on wholesalers, distributors, and specialty pharmacies for the retail distribution of our products. If we lose any of our significant wholesaler, distributor, or specialty pharmacy accounts, our business could be harmed. 
 32 
 Final marketing approval of any of our product candidates or approval of additional indications for existing products by the FDA or other regulatory authorities may be delayed, limited, or denied, any of which would adversely affect our ability to generate operating revenues. 
 33 
 We rely on and will continue to rely on outsourcing arrangements for certain of our critical activities, including clinical research of our product candidates, manufacture of our compounds and product candidates, and the manufacture of our commercial products. If we fail to produce our products and product candidates in the volumes that we require on a timely basis or fail to comply with stringent regulations applicable to pharmaceutical drug manufacturers, we may face delays in the development and commercialization of our products and product candidates or be required to withdraw our products from the market. 
 34 

27 

Table of Contents ITEM 1 A. RI S K FACTORS. 

 If we do not obtain marketing exclusivity for our product candidates, our business may suffer. 
 35 
 We depend on collaborators to work with us to develop, manufacture and commercialize our products and product candidates. We have in-licensed or acquired a portion of our intellectual property necessary to develop certain of our product candidates. If we fail to comply with our obligations under any of these arrangements, we could lose the benefit of such collaborative relationships, including licenses or intellectual property rights. 
 38 
 Our clinical trials for our product candidates may fail to demonstrate acceptable levels of safety, efficacy, or other requirements, which could prevent or significantly delay regulatory approval. 
 41 
 Delays or failures in the completion of clinical development of our product candidates would increase our costs, delay, or limit our ability to generate revenues. 
 42 
 If we fail to comply with healthcare regulations, we could face substantial penalties. Our business, operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 47 
 We could be involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents, which could be expensive, time consuming, distracting, and ultimately unsuccessful. 
 49 
 Limitations on our patent rights relating to our products and product candidates may limit our ability to prevent third parties from competing against us. 
 49 
 We face potential litigation and product liability exposures. If successful claims are brought against us, we may incur substantial liabilities. 
 51 
 Cybersecurity incidents may adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, and reputation. Security breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to liability which would cause our business and reputation to suffer. 
 52 
 Compliance with the terms and conditions of our Corporate Integrity Agreement requires significant resources and management time and, if we fail to comply, we could be subject to penalties or, under certain circumstances, excluded from government healthcare programs, which would materially adversely affect our business. 
 55 
 Risks Related to Our Finances and Capital Requirements Our operating results may fluctuate significantly. 
 55 
 We identified material weaknesses in our internal controls which might cause stockholders to lose confidence in our financial and other public reporting, particularly if not remediated appropriately and timely, which in turn would harm our business and the trading price of our common stock. 
 56 
 We have and may further expand our business through acquisitions of new product lines or businesses, which exposes us to various risks, including difficulties in integrating acquisitions. Our recent acquisition poses certain incremental risks to the Company. 
 57 
 Any impairment in the value of our intangible assets, including goodwill, would negatively affect our operating results and total capitalization. 
 59 
 Risks Related to Securities Markets and Investment in Our Stock Anti-takeover provisions under our charter documents and Delaware law could delay or prevent a change of control, which could negatively impact the market price of our common stock. 
 61 
 Our indebtedness and liabilities could limit the cash flow available for our operations, expose us to risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations, and impair our ability to satisfy our obligations under the notes. 
 62 
 Our Credit Line is secured by a portfolio of marketable securities and we may be required to post additional collateral. 
 63 
 Our Credit Line is an uncommitted debt facility that may be terminated by the lender at any time. 
 63 
 General Risk Factors Obtaining and maintaining patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment, and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies. Our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 
 64 
 Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover our legal claims or other losses that we may incur in the future. 
 64 
 Complying with increased financial reporting and securities laws reporting requirements has increased our costs and requires additional management resources. We may fail to meet these obligations. 
 66 

28 

Table of Contents ITEM 1 A. RI S K FACTORS. 

 Risks Related to Our Industry and Business 
 We are dependent on the commercial success of our products in the U.S. 
 Our financial performance, including our ability to replace revenue and income lost to generic products and other competitors as well as to grow our business, depends heavily on the commercial success of our products. A substantial amount of our resources are focused on generating, maintaining and/or expanding the revenue generated by our approved products in the U.S. If any of our major products, including, Oxtellar XR , Qelbree , GOCOVRI , or APOKYN , were to become subject to problems, such as changes in prescription growth rates, unexpected side effects, loss of intellectual property protection, supply chain or product supply shortages, regulatory proceedings, changes in labeling, publicity adversely affecting doctor or patient confidence in our product, material product liability litigation, pressure from new or existing competitive products, or adverse changes in coverage under managed care programs, the adverse impact on our revenue and profit could be significant. As noted in the "Business" section of this report, sales of a generic version of Trokendi XR began in January 2023 and we expect those competitive products to significantly impact the sales of Trokendi XR and have an adverse impact on our revenue and profit. In addition, our revenue and profit could be significantly impacted by the timing and rate of commercial acceptance of key new products. 
 Our ability to generate significant product revenue from sales of our products in the near term will depend on, among other things, our ability to: 
 Defend our patents, intellectual property, and products from the competition, both branded and generic; 
 Maintain commercial manufacturing arrangements with third-party manufacturers; 
 Produce, through a validated process, sufficiently large quantities of our products to meet demand; 
 Continue to maintain a wide variety of internal sales, distribution, and marketing capabilities, sufficient to sustain and grow revenue; 
 Continue to maintain and grow widespread acceptance of our products from physicians, health care payors, patients, pharmacists, and the medical community; 
 Properly price and obtain adequate reimbursement coverage of these products by governmental authorities, private health insurers, managed care organizations, and other third-party payors; 
 Maintain compliance with ongoing FDA labeling, packaging, storage, advertising, promotion, recordkeeping, safety, and other post-market requirements; 
 Obtain approval from the FDA to expand the labeling of our approved products for additional indications; 
 Adequately protect against and effectively respond to any claims by holders of patents and other IP rights alleging that our products infringe their rights; and 
 Adequately protect against and effectively respond to any unanticipated adverse effects or unfavorable publicity that develops with respect to our products, as well as respond to the emergence of new or existing competitive products, which may be proven to be more clinically effective and cost-effective. 
 There are no guarantees that we will be successful in completing these tasks. We will need to continue investing substantial financial and management resources to maintain our commercial sales and marketing infrastructure and recruit and train qualified marketing, sales, and other personnel. 
 Sales of our products may slow for a variety of reasons, including competing products or safety issues. Any increase in sales of our products will be dependent on several factors, including our ability to educate physicians, to increase physician awareness, and physician acceptance of the benefits and cost-effectiveness of our products relative to competing products. 
 Our ability to increase market acceptance of any of our products or to gain market acceptance of approved product candidates among physicians, patients, health care payors, and the medical community will depend on a number of factors, including: 
 Acceptable evidence of safety and efficacy; 
 
 29 

Table of Contents ITEM 1 A. RI S K FACTORS. 

 Relative convenience and ease of administration; 
 Prevalence, nature, and severity of any adverse side effects; 
 Availability of alternative treatments, including branded and generic products; and 
 Pricing and cost effectiveness. 
 Further, our products are subject to continual review by the FDA. We cannot provide assurance that newly discovered or reported safety issues would not arise. With the use of any marketed drug by a broader patient population, serious adverse events may occur from time to time that initially does not appear to be related to the drug itself. Any safety issues could cause us to suspend or to cease marketing of our approved products; cause us to modify how we market our approved products; subject us to substantial liabilities; and adversely affect our revenues and financial condition. In the event of a withdrawal of any of our products from the market, our revenues would decline significantly, and our business would be seriously harmed and could fail. 
 In addition, we have expressed certain long term revenue expectations. If we are not successful in broadening and/or maintaining the current commercial acceptance of our products, such that we cannot achieve those revenue expectations with respect to such products, this could result in a material adverse impact on our anticipated revenue, earnings, and liquidity. 
 
 If generics or other versions of extended or controlled release oxcarbazepine or topiramate, or other products including generics containing apomorphine hydrochloride, amantadine, or viloxazine hydrochloride, are approved and successfully commercialized, our business could be materially harmed. 
 Third parties have, and in the future may, receive approval to manufacture and market their own versions of extended release topiramate in the U.S. For example, Upsher-Smith launched Qudexy XR (extended release topiramate) and a branded generic version of Qudexy XR in 2014. Upsher Smith also entered into a settlement with two generic companies to launch a generic to Qudexy XR in 2020. In February 2021, one of the generic companies, Glenmark, entered the U.S. market with its own therapeutically equivalent generic products to Qudexy XR. The Company has entered into settlement agreements with third parties permitting the sale of a generic version of Trokendi XR on January 1, 2023. Sales of a generic version of Trokendi XR began in January 2023. We have the right to defend our products against third parties who may infringe or are infringing our patents. 
 Third parties in the future may receive approval to manufacture and market their own versions of extended release oxcarbazepine or generics of Oxtellar XR in the U.S. In addition, we are aware of companies who are marketing modified-release oxcarbazepine products outside of the U.S., such as Apydan, which was developed by Desitin Arzneimittel GmbH and which requires twice-daily administration. If companies with modified-release oxcarbazepine products outside of the U.S. pursue or obtain approval of their products within the U.S., such competing products may limit the potential success of Oxtellar XR in the U.S. Our business and growth prospects could be materially impaired. 
 Accordingly, if any third party is successful in obtaining approval to manufacture and market a generic or its own version of extended release oxcarbazepine or topiramate in the U.S., we may not be able to prospectively realize revenues from Oxtellar XR or Trokendi XR. 
 In addition, third parties have, and in the future may, receive approval to manufacture and market their own products, including generics containing apomorphine hydrochloride for the treatment of Parkinson s Disease in the U.S. For example, Acorda Therapeutics, Inc. launched Inbrija, an inhalable form of levodopa in 2019 and Sunovion Pharmaceuticals, Inc.'s (Sunovion, a subsidiary of Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma Co. Ltd) launched KYNMOBI, a sublingual film formulation of apomorphine hydrochloride, in 2020. In February 2022, the FDA approved the first generic of APOKYN (apomorphine hydrochloride injection) to treat hypomobility "off" episodes ("end-of-dose wearing off" and unpredictable "on/off" episodes) associated with advanced Parkinson's Disease. This approval is for an application of the drug cartridges only, which are compatible for use with the APOKYN pen, the brand-name pen injector. Patients treated with generic apomorphine hydrochloride will need to separately obtain the APOKYN pen. The success of these products and the entry of new products could adversely impact the sales of APOKYN. 
 Third parties in the future may receive approval to manufacture and market their own versions of viloxazine hydrochloride. Accordingly, if any third party is successful in obtaining approval to manufacture and market its own version of viloxazine hydrochloride, such competing products may limit the potential success of Qelbree in the U.S. Our business and growth prospects could be materially impaired. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents ITEM 1 A. RI S K FACTORS. 

 We are subject to uncertainty relating to payment or managed care reimbursement policies, which, if not favorable for our products or product candidates, could hinder or prevent our commercial success. 
 Our business is operating in an ever more challenging environment, with significant economic pressures exerted by federal and state governments, insurers, and private payors on the pricing of our products, affecting our ability to obtain and/or maintain satisfactory rates of reimbursement for our products. The U.S. federal and state governments and private payors are under intense pressure to control healthcare spending even more tightly than in the past. These pressures are further compounded by consolidation among distributors, retailers, private insurers, managed care organizations, and other private payors, resulting in an increase in their negotiating power, particularly with respect to our products. In addition, these pressures are intensified by increased, adverse publicity about pricing for pharmaceuticals. These prices are sometimes characterized as excessive, leading to government investigations and legal proceedings regarding pharmaceutical pricing practices. 
 Our ability, or our collaborators' ability, to successfully commercialize our products and product candidates, including Qelbree and SPN-830, will depend in part on the coverage and reimbursement levels set by governmental authorities, private health insurers, managed care organizations, and other third-party payors. 
 As a threshold for coverage and reimbursement, third-party payors require that drug products be approved for marketing by the FDA. Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the effectiveness of and prices charged for medical products and services. Government authorities and third-party payors have attempted to control costs, in some instances, by limiting coverage, by limiting the amount of reimbursement for particular medications, or by encouraging the use of lower-cost generic products. 
 We cannot be sure that reimbursement will be available for any of the products that we develop and, if reimbursement is available, the level of reimbursement. Moreover, that level of reimbursement may change over time as a result of requests from payors for higher levels of fees. Reduced or partial payment, or reduced reimbursement coverage, could make our products or product candidates less attractive to patients and prescribing physicians. We also may be required to sell our products or product candidates at a significant discount, which would adversely affect our ability to realize an appropriate return on our investment in our products or product candidates or to maintain profitability. Our business would also be adversely affected if private insurers, managed care organizations, the Medicare program, or other reimbursing bodies or payors limit the indications for which our products or product candidates will be reimbursed. 
 We expect that private insurers and managed care organizations will consider the efficacy, cost effectiveness, and safety of our products or product candidates in determining whether to approve reimbursement for such products or product candidates and to what extent they will provide reimbursement. Moreover, they will consider the efficacy and cost effectiveness of comparable or competitive products, including generic products, in making reimbursement decisions for our products. Because each third-party payor individually approves payment or reimbursement, obtaining these approvals can be a time consuming and expensive process, requiring us to provide scientific or clinical support for the use of each of our products or product candidates separately to each third-party payor. In some cases, it could take months or years before a particular private insurer or managed care organization reviews a particular product. Prior to that time, reimbursement may be negligible. We may ultimately be unsuccessful in obtaining coverage. In addition, our competitors may have more extensive existing business relationships with third-party payors that could adversely impact the coverage for our products. 
 Our business would be materially and adversely affected if we do not receive reimbursement for our products or product candidates from private insurers in a timely fashion or on a satisfactory basis. Our products and product candidates may not be considered cost-effective, and coverage and reimbursement may not be available or economically sufficient to allow us to sell our products or product candidates on a profitable basis. 
 In addition, many managed care organizations negotiate the reimbursement price of products through the use of formularies, which establish reimbursement levels. Exclusion of a product from a formulary can lead to sharply reduced usage in the managed care organization's patient population because reimbursement is limited and/or negligible. If our products are not included within an adequate number of managed care formularies or reimbursed at adequate levels, or if those policies increasingly favor generic products, our market share and gross margins could be negatively affected. This would have a material adverse effect on our overall business and financial condition. 
 There has been increasing legislative and enforcement interest in the U.S. with respect to specialty drug pricing practices. Specifically, there have been several recent U.S. Congressional inquiries and proposed federal and state legislative initiatives designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, reduce the cost of prescription drugs under the Medicare program, to review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and to reform government reimbursement methodologies for drugs. We expect to experience pricing pressures in connection with the sale of any of our products and product candidates due to the trend toward managed healthcare, the increasing influence of health maintenance organizations, additional cost containment initiatives, and additional legislative changes. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents ITEM 1 A. RI S K FACTORS. 

 In some foreign jurisdictions, particularly Canada and Europe, the pricing of prescription pharmaceuticals is subject to strict governmental control. In these countries, pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can take 6 to 12 months, or longer, after the receipt of regulatory approval and product launch. To obtain favorable reimbursement for the indications sought, or to obtain pricing approval in some countries, we may be required to conduct a clinical trial that compares the cost-effectiveness of our products or product candidates, if approved, to other available therapies. If reimbursement for our products or product candidates is unavailable in any country in which reimbursement is sought or is limited in scope or amount, or if pricing is set at unsatisfactory levels, our business could be materially harmed and unprofitable. 
 As evidenced by the passage of the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 and the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, discussed in greater detail below, we expect these challenges to continue and to potentially intensify in 2023 and following years, as political pressures mount, and healthcare payors, including government-controlled health authorities, insurance companies, and managed care organizations, step up initiatives to reduce the overall cost of healthcare, restrict access to higher-priced new medicines, increase the use of generic products and impose overall price cuts. Such pressures could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 We depend on wholesalers, distributors, and specialty pharmacies for the retail distribution of our products. If we lose any of our significant wholesaler, distributor, or specialty pharmacy accounts, our business could be harmed. 
 The majority of our product sales are to pharmaceutical wholesalers, specialty pharmacies, and distributors who, in turn, sell our products to pharmacies, hospitals, and other customers, including federal and state entities. The majority of sales of Oxtellar XR, Trokendi XR, XADAGO, and MYOBLOC are made to wholesalers and distributors. In addition, MYOBLOC is available for direct purchase by physicians and hospitals. The majority of sales of APOKYN, GOCOVRI, and Osmolex ER are made to specialty pharmacies. 
 Each of our three major customers, AmerisourceBergen Drug Corporation, Cardinal Health, Inc., and McKesson Corporation, individually accounted for more than 25 of our total product revenue in 2022 and collectively accounted for more than 80 of our total product revenue in 2022. 
 The loss of any of these wholesale pharmaceutical distributors or wholesale and specialty pharmacy accounts, or a material reduction in their purchases, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. In addition, these wholesale customers comprise a significant part of the distribution network for pharmaceutical products in the U.S. This distribution network has undergone and may continue to undergo significant consolidation marked by mergers and acquisitions. As a result, a small number of large wholesale distributors control a significant share of the market. 
 Consolidation of drug wholesalers has increased. This may result in increased competition and pricing pressures on pharmaceutical products. We cannot assure you that we can manage these pricing pressures or that wholesaler purchases will not fluctuate unexpectedly from period to period. 
 Sales of our products can be greatly affected by the inventory levels that our respective wholesalers, specialty pharmacies, and distributors carry. We monitor wholesalers, specialty pharmacies, and distributor inventory of our products using a combination of methods. Pursuant to distribution service agreements with our three largest wholesale customers, we receive product inventory reports. For other wholesalers where we do not receive inventory reports, our estimates of wholesaler inventories may differ significantly from actual inventory levels. Significant differences between actual and estimated inventory levels may result in excessive stocking, resulting in our holding substantial quantities of unsold inventory, or, alternatively, inadequate supplies of product in the distribution channels. This could result in our inability to support sales at the retail level. These changes may cause our revenues to fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and, in some cases, may cause our operating results for a particular quarter to be below our expectations, the expectations of securities analysts, and/or the expectations of investors. 
 At times, wholesalers and distributors may increase inventory levels in response to anticipated price increases, resulting in both greater wholesaler purchases prior to the anticipated price increase and in reduced wholesaler purchases in later quarters. Accordingly, this may cause substantial fluctuations in our results of operations from period to period. If our financial results are below expectations for a particular period, the market price of our common stock may drop significantly. 
 We may not be able to effectively market and sell our product candidates, if approved, in the U.S. 
 We plan on building or expanding our sales and marketing capabilities in the U.S. to commercialize our product candidates if approved. This will require investing significant amounts of financial and management resources. If we are unable to establish and maintain adequate sales and marketing capabilities for our product candidates or do so in a timely manner, we may 
 
 32 

Table of Contents ITEM 1 A. RI S K FACTORS. 

 not be able to generate sufficient product revenues from our product candidates to be profitable. The cost of establishing and maintaining such marketing and sales capabilities may not be economically justifiable in light of the revenues generated by any of our product candidates. With the approval of Qelbree, our sales representatives who supported Trokendi XR and Oxtellar XR now devote their full efforts to the launch of Qelbree. This could have a detrimental impact on the future sales performance of Trokendi XR and Oxtellar XR. 
 
 Final marketing approval of any of our product candidates or approval of additional indications for existing products by the FDA or other regulatory authorities may be delayed, limited, or denied, any of which would adversely affect our ability to generate operating revenues. 
 We are dependent on obtaining regulatory approval of our product candidates and approval for additional indications for existing products. Our business depends on successful clinical development; i.e., successful completion of clinical trials and completion of requisite manufacturing information. We are not permitted to market any of our product candidates in the U.S. until we receive approval of an NDA from the FDA or market in any foreign jurisdiction until we receive approval from the requisite authority. Satisfaction of regulatory requirements typically takes many years, is dependent upon the type, complexity, and novelty of the product, and requires the expenditure of substantial resources. We cannot predict whether or when we will obtain regulatory approval to commercialize our product candidates. We cannot, therefore, predict the timing of any future revenues from these product candidates. 
 The FDA has substantial discretion in the drug approval process, including the ability to delay, limit or deny approval of a product candidate or deny a prior approval supplement for many reasons. For example, the FDA 
 Could reject or delay the marketing application for an NCE; 
 Could determine that we cannot rely on Section 505(b)(2) for any approval of our product candidates; 
 Could determine that the information provided by us was inadequate, contained clinical deficiencies, or otherwise failed to demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of any of our product candidates for a specific indication; 
 May not find the data from bioequivalence studies and/or clinical trials sufficient to support the submission of an NDA or to obtain marketing approval in the U.S.; 
 May find the clinical and other benefits of our product candidates do not outweigh their safety risks; 
 May disagree with our trial design or our interpretation of data from preclinical studies, bioequivalence studies, and/or clinical trials, or may change the requirements for approval even after they have reviewed and commented on the design for our trials; the outcome and measurement scale used in the trials; or the clinical protocols whether with or without a special protocol assessment process; 
 May determine that we have identified the wrong reference listed drug or drugs, or that approval of our Section 505(b)(2) application of our product candidate is blocked by patent or non-patent exclusivity of the reference listed drug or drugs; 
 May identify deficiencies in the manufacturing processes or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we enter into agreements for the supply of raw materials, including the active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) or formulated product used in our product candidates, wherein those deficiencies may result in an interruption in the ability to supply product; 
 Could reject or delay approval of a "prior approval supplement" required prior to distribution of the drug product made using changes that may impact product quality, identity strength, purity, or potency (i.e., major changes); 
 May approve our product candidates for fewer or more limited indications than we request, or may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly post-approval clinical trials; 
 May change their approval policies or adopt new regulations; 
 May not approve the labeling claims that we believe are necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of our product candidates or may approve them with warnings and precautions that could limit the acceptance of our product candidates and their commercial success; or 
 May not approve the addition of new indications to the label of our existing products. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents ITEM 1 A. RI S K FACTORS. 

 Notwithstanding the approval of many products by the FDA pursuant to Sections 505(b)(1) and 505(b)(2), over the last few years, some pharmaceutical companies and others have objected to the FDA's interpretation of Section 505(b)(2). If the FDA changes its interpretation of Section 505(b)(2), or if the FDA's interpretation is successfully challenged in court, this could delay or even prevent the FDA from approving any Section 505(b)(2) application that we submit. Any failure to obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates would eliminate our ability to generate revenues for that candidate. Any failure to obtain such approval for all of the indications and labeling claims we deem desirable could reduce our potential revenues. 
 The process of obtaining regulatory clearances or approvals to market a medical device can be costly and time consuming. We may not be able to obtain these clearances or approvals on a timely basis, if at all. The FDA exercises significant discretion over the regulation of combination products, including drug and device components in a combination product. 
 The FDA could in the future require additional regulation under the medical device provisions of the FDCA. We must comply with the QSR, which sets forth the FDA's cGMP, requirements for medical devices, and other applicable government regulations and corresponding foreign standards for drug cGMPs. If we fail to comply with these regulations, it could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. 
 Following FDA approval of Qelbree in April 2021 for the treatment of ADHD in pediatric patients, additional indications may be submitted using the Section 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway. We submitted a sNDA application, filing under Section 505(b)(2), to the FDA for Qelbree in adults in the third quarter of 2021. In September 2021, the FDA acknowledged it received the sNDA for Qelbree for the treatment of ADHD in adult patients and assigned a PDUFA target action date in late April 2022. In April 2022, the FDA approved an expanded indication for Qelbree for the treatment of ADHD in adult patients aged 18 and older. 
 In addition, we intend to complete the development of an infusion-pump delivery system containing apomorphine (SPN-830). We have previously submitted the NDA for SPN-830 to the FDA in September 2020 and received a refusal to file letter from the FDA. We met with the FDA in March 2021 to clarify the steps required for the resubmission of the NDA for SPN-830. We resubmitted the NDA for SPN-830 in December 2021 and we received FDA acceptance for review of NDA for SPN-830 during February 2022. In October 2022, we received a Complete Response Letter ("CRL") from the FDA regarding the NDA for SPN-830 requesting additional information and analysis related to the infusion device and drug product across several areas of the NDA. In addition, the FDA mentions that approval of the NDA requires inspections that could not be completed in a timely manner due to COVID-19 travel restrictions. Supernus will continue to work closely with the FDA to address all questions, and when possible, to provide clarity regarding the potential timing of a resubmission of the NDA. The CRL does not request additional efficacy and safety clinical studies. The FDA has made an initial determination that the amendment of the Company's application in response to the CRL will be subject to a Class 2, or six-month, review timeline. In February 2023, the FDA granted the Company a Type C meeting request to discuss the CRL with the meeting scheduled in April 2023.The regulatory and developmental contingent consideration payments include a 25 million milestone due upon the FDA acceptance of the SPN-830 NDA for review, which was paid in first quarter of 2022. 
 
 We rely on and will continue to rely on outsourcing arrangements for certain of our critical activities, including clinical research of our product candidates, manufacture of our compounds and product candidates, and the manufacture of our commercial products. If we fail to produce our products and product candidates in the volumes that we require on a timely basis or fail to comply with stringent regulations applicable to pharmaceutical drug manufacturers, we may face delays in the development and commercialization of our products and product candidates or be required to withdraw our products from the market. 
 We rely on outsourcing arrangements for some of our critical activities, including manufacturing, preclinical and clinical research, data collection and analysis, and electronic submission of regulatory filings. We may have limited control over third parties, and we cannot guarantee that they will perform their obligations in an effective, competent, and timely manner. Our reliance on third parties, including third-party Clinical Research Organizations (CROs) and CMOs, entails risks including, but not limited to: 
 Non-compliance by third parties with regulatory and quality control standards; 
 Sanctions imposed by regulatory authorities if materials supplied or manufactured by a third party supplier or manufacturer fail to comply with applicable regulatory standards; 
 Possible breach of the agreements by the CROs or CMOs because of factors beyond our control, insolvency or other financial difficulties of any of these third parties; labor unrest; natural disasters; or other factors adversely affecting their ability to conduct their business; and 
 
 34 

Table of Contents ITEM 1 A. RI S K FACTORS. 

 Termination or non-renewal of an agreement by a third party at a time that is inconvenient for us and for reasons not entirely under our control. 
 We do not currently own or operate manufacturing facilities for the commercial production of any of our products or for production of clinical supplies of our product candidates, nor do we have plans to do so in the future. We currently depend on third-party clinical manufacturing organizations (CMOs), who offer a comprehensive range of contract manufacturing and packaging services, in various countries for the supply of API for our products and product candidates, including raw materials and drug substances for our preclinical research and clinical trials. For most of our products and product candidates, we rely on single source suppliers to produce and package final dosage forms for our products and raw materials, including API. If any of these vendors are unable to perform their obligations to us, including due to violations of the FDA's requirements, our ability to meet regulatory requirements, projected timelines, and necessary quality standards for the development or commercialization of products would be adversely affected. Further, if we were required to change vendors, it could result in substantial delays in our regulatory approval efforts, significantly increase our costs, and delay generation of revenues. Accordingly, the loss of any of our current or future third-party manufacturers or suppliers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and business prospects. 
 There is a risk that supplies of our products or product candidates may be significantly delayed by or may become unavailable as a result of manufacturing, equipment, process, supply chain or business-related issues affecting our suppliers. At this time while we do not know of any circumstances where our European supply chain is impacted by the war in Ukraine, it is unknown to us whether the war in Ukraine will ultimately have an impact on our European supply chains or whether it will create other unforeseen consequences affecting us or our suppliers. Any future curtailment in the availability of raw materials or finished goods could result in production or other delays, with consequent adverse business effects. In addition, because regulatory authorities must generally approve raw material sources for pharmaceutical products, changes in raw material suppliers may result in production delays or higher raw material costs. We may also encounter similar risks with the other products and product candidates where raw materials or finished goods are purchased from suppliers outside the U.S., such as the case for example for SPN-830, APOKYN, XADAGO, and MYOBLOC where various suppliers are based in Europe. 
 The manufacture of pharmaceutical products requires significant expertise and capital investment, including the development of advanced manufacturing techniques and process controls. Pharmaceutical companies and their suppliers often encounter difficulties in manufacturing, particularly in scaling up the production of their products. These problems can adversely affect production costs and yields, quality control, the stability of the product and quality assurance testing, as well as compliance with federal, state, and foreign regulations. If we are unable to demonstrate stability in accordance with commercial requirements, or if our manufacturers were to encounter difficulties or otherwise fail to comply with their obligations to us, our ability to obtain or maintain FDA approval and to market our products and product candidates, respectively, would be jeopardized. In addition, any delay or interruption in producing clinical trial supplies could delay or prohibit the completion of our clinical trials, increase the costs associated with conducting our clinical trials and, depending upon the period of delay, require us to commence new trials at the significant additional expense or to terminate a trial. 
 Manufacturers of pharmaceutical products need to comply with cGMP requirements and other requirements enforced by the FDA, including electronic tracking and submission. These requirements include quality control, quality assurance, and the maintenance of records and documentation. Manufacturers of our products and product candidates may be unable to comply with these cGMP requirements and other FDA and similar foreign regulatory requirements. Failure to comply with these requirements may result in fines and civil penalties, suspension of production, suspension or delay in product approval, product seizure or recall, or withdrawal of product approval. If the safety of any of our products or product candidates is compromised due to failure to adhere to applicable laws or for other reasons, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for such product candidates or to successfully commercialize such products. We may be held liable for any injuries sustained as a result. Any of these factors could cause a delay in clinical development, regulatory submissions, approvals, or commercialization of our product candidates, entail higher costs, or result in our being unable to effectively commercialize our product candidates. Furthermore, if we fail to obtain the required commercial quantities on a timely basis from our suppliers and at commercially reasonable prices, we may be unable to meet the demand for our approved products or may not be able to sell our products profitably. 
 
 If we do not obtain marketing exclusivity for our product candidates, our business may suffer. 
 Under the Hatch-Waxman Amendments, three years of marketing exclusivity may be granted for the approval of NDAs and sNDAs, including Section 505(b)(2) applications, for, among other things, new indications, dosage forms, routes of administration, strengths, or for a new use of an existing drug. If the clinical investigations that were conducted or sponsored by the applicant are determined by the FDA to be essential to the approval of the application, the FDA may grant exclusivity for the product, sometimes referred to as clinical investigation exclusivity. This prevents the FDA from approving an application under Section 505(b)(2) for the same conditions of use for new clinical investigations prior to the expiration of three years from the date 
 
 35 

Table of Contents ITEM 1 A. RI S K FACTORS. 

 of approval. Such exclusivity, however, would not prevent the approval of another application if the applicant submits a full NDA and has conducted its own adequate, well-controlled clinical trials, demonstrating safety and efficacy. It would not prevent approval of a generic product or Section 505(b)(2) product that did not incorporate the exclusivity-protected changes of the approved drug product. 
 Under the Hatch-Waxman Amendments, newly-approved drugs and indications may also benefit from a statutory period of non-patent marketing exclusivity. The Hatch-Waxman Amendments provide five-year marketing exclusivity to the first applicant to gain the approval of an NDA for an NCE. This would be the case if the FDA had not previously approved any other drug containing the same API or active moiety, which is the molecule responsible for the action of the drug substance. Although protection under the Hatch-Waxman Amendments will not prevent the submission or approval of another full NDA, such an NDA applicant would be required to conduct its own preclinical and adequate, well-controlled clinical trials to demonstrate safety and effectiveness. 
 Currently, the Company has a five-year and seven-year marketing exclusivity period for Qelbree and GOCOVRI, respectively. 
 If we are unable to obtain marketing exclusivity for our subsequent product candidates, then our competitors may obtain approval for competing products more easily than if we had such marketing exclusivity. In such an event, our future revenues could be reduced materially. 
 If the FDA or other applicable regulatory authorities approve generic products that compete with any of our products or product candidates, the sales of our products or the commercial success of our product candidates would be adversely affected. 
 Once an NDA, including a Section 505(b)(2) application, is approved, the product covered thereby becomes a listed drug, which can be cited by potential competitors in support of approval of an ANDA. FDCA, FDA regulations and other applicable regulations and policies provide incentives to manufacturers to create modified, non-infringing versions of a drug to facilitate the approval of an ANDA or other application for generic substitutes. These manufacturers might only be required to conduct a relatively inexpensive study to show that their product has the same active ingredient(s), dosage form, strength, route of administration, and conditions of use or labeling, as our product or product candidate and that the generic product is bioequivalent to our product. Bioequivalence implies that a product is absorbed in the body at the same rate and to the same extent as our product or product candidate. These generic equivalents, which must meet the same quality standards as branded pharmaceuticals, would be significantly less costly than ours to bring to market. Companies that produce generic equivalents are generally able to offer their products at significantly lower prices. Thus, regardless of the regulatory approval pathway, after the introduction of a generic competitor, a significant percentage of the sales of any branded product are typically lost to the generic product through both price and volume erosion. Accordingly, competition from generic equivalents would adversely, materially, and permanently impact our revenues, profitability, and cash flows from those products. In this eventuality, it would substantially limit our ability to obtain a return on the investments we have made in our products and product candidates. 
 If our competitors develop or market alternatives for the treatment of our target indications, our commercial opportunities will be reduced or eliminated. 
 The pharmaceutical industry is characterized by rapidly advancing technologies, intense product-driven competition, and a strong emphasis on proprietary therapeutics. We face competition from a number of sources, some of which may target the same indications as to our products and product candidates. These include large pharmaceutical companies, smaller pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, academic institutions, government agencies, and private and public research institutions. The availability of new products or the approval of new indications for existing products may limit the demand for and the price we are able to charge for any of our products. We may be unable to differentiate our products from competitive offerings. 
 In addition to competition for our current commercial products, we anticipate that we will face intense competition when our pipeline product candidates are approved by regulatory authorities and begin their commercialization process. In particular, we are aware of Serina Therapeutics and AbbVie developing product candidates that may compete with SPN-830. 
 New developments, including the development of other drug technologies, may render our products or product candidates obsolete or noncompetitive. As a result, demand for our product may significantly decline or our products and product candidates may become obsolete before we recover expenses incurred in connection with their development or realize revenues from their commercialization. Moreover, many competitors have substantially greater: 
 Capital resources; 
 
 36 

Table of Contents ITEM 1 A. RI S K FACTORS. 

 Research and development resources and experience, including personnel and technology; 
 Drug development, clinical trial and regulatory resources and experience, including personnel and technology; 
 Sales and marketing resources and experience; 
 Manufacturing and distribution resources and experience; 
 Name recognition; and 
 Resources, experience and expertise in prosecution and enforcement of intellectual property rights. 
 As a result of these factors, our competitors may obtain regulatory approval of their products more rapidly than we are able to or may obtain patent protection or other intellectual property rights that limit or block us from developing or commercializing our product candidates. Our competitors may also develop drugs that are more effective, have faster onset to action, better tolerated, subject to fewer or less severe side effects, more widely prescribed or accepted, or less costly than ours. They may also be more successful than us in manufacturing and marketing their products. If we are unable to compete effectively with the products of our competitors, or if such competitors are successful in developing products that compete with any of our approved product candidates, our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects may be materially and adversely affected. Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical industry may result in an even higher level of resources being concentrated at competitors. Competition may intensify as a result of advances made in the commercial applicability of technologies and as a result of greater availability of capital for investment. 
 Our products and our product candidates may be subject to restrictions or withdrawal from the market. We may be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements. 
 Even though U.S. regulatory approval has been obtained for our products, the FDA may impose significant restrictions on their indicated uses, or may impose restrictions on marketing, or may impose requirements for costly post-approval studies. For example, certain of our products, including Qelbree, Trokendi XR, Oxtellar XR and MYOBLOC, were approved on the basis of post-approval commitments. 
 We received approval for Qelbree from the FDA, based on certain post-marketing commitments, including the requirement to conduct a clinical efficacy and six month open label safety extension study for ADHD in pediatric patients 4 to 5 years of age, a lactation study and a descriptive study related to the use of Qelbree during pregnancy, and to assess the risks of adverse events an potential complications. We are working toward meeting these post-marketing commitments for Qelbree in a timely manner. 
 We have post-marketing clinical and manufacturing studies and data commitments for MYOBLOC. We have initiated work on some of these commitments. We are currently conducting the required post-marketing studies of MYOBLOC for treatment of spasticity. 
 With respect to Trokendi XR and Oxtellar XR, the post-marketing commitments include the development of additional age-appropriate formulations of the drugs and the conduct of post-approval clinical studies in accordance with timelines laid out in the approval letters. The post-approval commitments required the creation of new drug product formulations, which we have not been able to accomplish. Despite significant efforts, in certain cases, we have been unable to meet the FDA's timelines. To date, the only consequence of our failure to meet our PREA commitment deadlines has been a notation on FDA websites, making the status of PREA publicly known. 
 We are also required to conduct an additional post-approval study with respect to Trokendi XR for the treatment of prophylaxis of migraine. If we do not meet our post-marketing commitments and are unable to show good cause for our inability to adhere to the timetables laid out in the approval letters, the FDA could take enforcement action against us, including withdrawal of approval. While we believe that we can show good cause for our inability to meet the timelines for our post-approval study requirements, the FDA may disagree. 
 Our products, product candidates, and our collaborators' approved products are subject to ongoing FDA requirements governing the labeling, packaging, storage, advertising, promotion, recordkeeping, and submission of safety and other information. In addition, manufacturers of drug products and their facilities are subject to continual review and periodic inspections by the FDA and other regulatory authorities for compliance with current good manufacturing practice (cGMP) regulations. If we, our collaborators, or a regulatory authority discovers previously unknown problems with a product, including side effects that are unanticipated in severity or frequency, or problems with the facility where the product is manufactured, a 
 
 37 

Table of Contents ITEM 1 A. RI S K FACTORS. 

 regulatory authority may impose restrictions on that product or on the manufacturer, including requiring withdrawal of the product from the market or suspension of manufacturing. 
 If we or our collaborators, or our products, product candidates, or our collaborators' products, or the manufacturing facilities for our products, product candidates or our collaborators' products fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, a regulatory authority may: 
 Issue warning letters or untitled letters; 
 Impose civil or criminal penalties; 
 Suspend regulatory approval; 
 Suspend any ongoing bioequivalence and/or clinical trials; 
 Refuse to approve pending applications or supplements to applications filed by us; 
 Impose restrictions on operations, including costly new manufacturing requirements, or suspend production for a sustained period of time; or 
 Seize or detain products or require us to initiate a product recall. 
 In addition, our product labeling, advertising, and promotion of our approved products are subject to regulatory requirements and continuing regulatory review. The FDA strictly regulates the promotional claims that may be made about prescription products. In particular, a product may not be promoted for uses that are not approved by the FDA, as reflected in the product's approved labeling. Notwithstanding, physicians may nevertheless prescribe products to their patients in a manner that is inconsistent with the approved label, which is known as "off label use". The FDA and other authorities actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that is found to have promoted off-label use may be subject to significant sanctions. The federal government has levied large civil and criminal fines against companies for alleged improper promotion and has enjoined companies from engaging in off-label promotion. If we are found to have promoted off-label use, we may be enjoined from such off-label promotion and become subject to significant liability. This could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, and revenues. 
 Further, the FDA's policies may prospectively change. Additional government regulations may be enacted that could affect our products or prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our product candidates. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or to adopt new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval that we have obtained, adversely affecting our business, prospects, and ability to achieve or sustain profitability. 
 
 We depend on collaborators to work with us to develop, manufacture and commercialize their and our products and product candidates. We have in-licensed or acquired a portion of our intellectual property necessary to develop certain of our product candidates. If we fail to comply with our obligations under any of these arrangements, we could lose the benefit of such collaborative relationships, including licenses or intellectual property rights. 
 Under the Britannia Supply Agreement, we have been granted certain intellectual property and product rights in relation to APOKYN, including the right to use and market APOKYN in the United States. Additionally, the Britannia Supply Agreement grants Britannia certain intellectual property and product rights in relation to APOKYN, including the right to use and market APOKYN in the rest of the world, excluding the United States. Per the Agreement, Britannia has an obligation to supply us with APOKYN for our marketing and sale of the product. 
 Britannia may terminate its obligation to supply APOKYN for cause, or at any time, by giving at least twenty-four months' written notice. The Britannia Supply Agreement does not provide technology transfer assistance from Britannia to any new suppliers we might engage following termination. In addition, the Britannia Supply Agreement is silent in providing us with an explicit license grant to any intellectual property, or to access know-how necessary or useful for manufacturing APOKYN. If we materially breach the Britannia Supply Agreement, or Britannia chooses to terminate the Britannia Supply Agreement for convenience, we could lose the right and resources necessary for the manufacture of APOKYN or could incur significant costs implementing technology transfer assistance. 
 We also have agreements with leading CMOs to manufacture our commercial products and the API for such products. These CMOs offer a comprehensive range of contract manufacturing services. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents ITEM 1 A. RI S K FACTORS. 

 We have a license agreement with United Therapeutics Corporation to use one of our proprietary technologies in an oral formulation of treprostinil diethanolamine, or treprostinil, for the treatment of pulmonary arterial hypertension and for other indications. United Therapeutics Corporation launched Orenitram (treprostinil) in 2014, which triggered payment of a milestone payment to us of 2.0 million. In the third quarter of 2014, we received a cash payment of 30.0 million from HC Royalty for the purchase of certain of our rights under our license agreement with United Therapeutics Corporation related to the commercialization of Orenitram. Ownership of the royalty rights will return to us if/when a certain cumulative threshold payment to HC Royalty is reached. We are entitled to receive milestones and royalties for the use of this formulation in indications other than arterial hypertension. If we materially breach any of our obligations under the license agreement, we could lose the right to receive any future royalty payments thereunder, which could be financially significant to us. 
 Namzaric (memantine hydrochloride extended release and donepezil hydrochloride) capsules for the treatment of moderate to severe dementia of an Alzheimer's type is currently marketed by Allergan plc under an exclusive license agreement between Adamas Pharmaceuticals, LLC and Forest Laboratories Holdings Limited ("Forest"), an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Allergan plc (collectively, "Allergan") in the United States. Adamas Pharmaceuticals LLC receives royalties on net sales of Namzaric from May 2020. 
 We rely on third-party collaborators to market and commercialize our products and product candidates outside the U.S. We utilize strategic partners outside the U.S., where appropriate, to assist in the commercialization of our products and product candidates. We are a party to and rely on several arrangements with third parties. These arrangements give us rights to intellectual property that are necessary for the development of certain of our product candidates. In addition, we may enter into similar arrangements in the future for other product candidates. Our current arrangements impose various development, financial and other obligations on us. If we materially breach these obligations, of if third parties fail to adequately perform their respective obligations, these arrangements could be terminated which could result in our inability to develop, manufacture, market and sell products that are covered by such intellectual properties. We may not have sufficient resources to successfully establish future collaborations or license future arrangements on acceptable terms, if at all. We also face competition in our search for collaborators and licensing partners. By entering into strategic collaborations or similar arrangements, we rely on third parties to financially support their local operations, including support required for development, commercialization, sales, marketing, and regulatory activities, as well as expertise in each of those subject areas. 
 Refer to Part I, Item 1 Business Collaborations and Licensing Agreements , of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for discussion on the different collaborations and licensing arrangements. 
 Our future collaboration agreements may limit the areas of research and development that we may pursue, either alone or in collaboration with third parties. Much of the potential revenues from these future collaborations may consist of contingent payments, such as payments for achieving certain development milestones and royalties payable on product sales. The milestones and royalty revenues that we may receive under these collaborations will depend upon our collaborators' ability to successfully develop, introduce, market and sell new products. Future collaboration partners may fail to develop or effectively commercialize products, product candidates, or technologies because they, among other things, may: 
 Change the focus of their development and commercialization efforts, or may have insufficient resources to effectively develop our product candidates; 
 Pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies historically have re-evaluated their development and commercialization priorities following mergers and consolidations, which have been common in recent years. The ability of some of our product candidates to reach their potential could be limited if our future collaborators fail to apply sufficient development or commercialization efforts related to those product candidates; 
 Decide not to devote the necessary resources due to internal constraints, such as limited personnel with the requisite scientific expertise, limited cash resources, or in the belief that other internal drug development programs may have a higher likelihood of obtaining marketing approval, or may potentially generate a greater return on investment; 
 Develop and commercialize, either alone or with others, drugs that are similar to or competitive with the product candidates that are the subject of their collaboration with us; 
 Not have necessary and sufficient resources to develop the product candidate through clinical development, marketing approval, and commercialization; 
 Fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements; 
 
 39 

Table of Contents ITEM 1 A. RI S K FACTORS. 

 Are unable to obtain the necessary marketing approvals; or 
 Breach or terminate their arrangement with us. 
 If collaboration partners fail to develop or fail to effectively commercialize our products for any of these reasons, we may not be able to replace the collaboration partner with another partner to develop and commercialize the product under the terms of the collaboration, if at all. Further, even if we are able to replace the collaboration partner, we may not be able to do so on commercially favorable terms. As a result, the development and commercialization of the affected product or product candidate could be delayed, impaired, or terminated because we may not have sufficient financial resources or capabilities to continue the development and commercialization of the product candidate on our own. Failure of our third-party collaborators to successfully market and commercialize our products or product candidates within and outside the U.S. could materially diminish our revenues and harm our results of operations. 
 Even if our product candidates receive regulatory approval in the U.S., we or our collaborators may not receive approval to commercialize our product candidates outside of the U.S. 
 To market any product outside of the U.S., we must establish and comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements of other regulatory jurisdictions regarding safety and efficacy. Approval procedures vary among jurisdictions and can involve product testing and administrative review periods different from, and greater than, those in the U.S. The time required to obtain approval in other jurisdictions might differ from that required to obtain FDA approval. The regulatory approval process in other jurisdictions may include all of the risks detailed above regarding FDA approval in the U.S., as well as other risks. For example, legislation analogous to Section 505(b)(2) of the FDCA in the U.S., which relates to the ability of an NDA applicant to use published data not developed by such applicant, may not exist in other countries. In territories where data are not freely available, we may not have the ability to commercialize our products without first negotiating with third parties to obtain their permission to refer to their clinical data in our regulatory applications. This process could require the expenditure of significant additional funds and time. 
 In addition, regulatory approval in one jurisdiction does not ensure regulatory approval in another. A failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one jurisdiction may have a negative effect on the regulatory processes in others. Failure to obtain regulatory approval in other jurisdictions, or any delay or setback in obtaining such approvals, could have the same adverse effects as detailed above regarding FDA approval. As described above, such effects include the risks that any of our product candidates may not be approved for all requested indications, which could limit the uses of our product candidates and could have an adverse effect on their commercial potential or could require costly post-marketing studies. 
 Our failure to successfully develop and market our product candidates would impair our ability to grow. 
 As part of our growth strategy, we intend to develop and market additional product candidates. We may spend substantial resources and several years completing the development of a particular current or future internal product candidate, during which process we can experience failure at any stage, and for many reasons. The product candidates to which we allocate our resources, even if approved, may not be commercially successful. In addition, because our internal research capabilities are limited, we may be dependent upon pharmaceutical companies, academic scientists, and other researchers to sell or license products or technologies to us. The success of this strategy depends partly upon our ability to identify, select, discover and acquire promising pharmaceutical product candidates and approved products, and to manage our spending as expenses related to undertaking clinical trials can be substantial. 
 An existing team of experienced Supernus sales representatives who supported Trokendi XR and Oxtellar XR are focused on supporting Qelbree, which was launched in May 2021. By removing these resources from the field promotion of Trokendi XR and Oxtellar XR there could be a detrimental impact on the performance of Trokendi XR and Oxtellar XR. 
 In September 2020, we submitted the NDA for SPN-830 to the FDA. In November 2020, we received a Refusal to File (RTF) letter from the FDA regarding the NDA in which the FDA determined that the NDA was not sufficiently complete to permit a substantive review. In the letter, the FDA requested certain documents and reports to be submitted in support of the NDA. In March 2021, we met with the FDA to discuss the path forward for resubmission of the SPN-830 NDA. The FDA provided additional clarity related to the contents of the RTF letter and the requirements for resubmission and in December 2021, the Company resubmitted the SPN-830 NDA to the FDA. In February 2022, the Company received notice from the FDA that the company s New Drug Application (NDA) resubmission for its apomorphine infusion device (SPN-830) for the continuous treatment of motor fluctuations ("off" episodes) in Parkinson's Disease is considered a Standard Review thereby assigning a timeline of 10 months for review by the FDA and establishing a Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) target action date in early October, 2022. In October 2022 we received a CRL from the FDA regarding the NDA for SPN-830 requesting additional information and analysis related to the infusion device and drug product across several areas of the NDA. In addition, the FDA 
 
 40 

Table of Contents ITEM 1 A. RI S K FACTORS. 

 mentions that approval of the NDA requires inspections that could not be completed in a timely manner due to COVID-19 travel restrictions. Supernus will continue to work closely with the FDA to address all questions, and when possible, to provide clarity regarding the potential timing of a resubmission of the NDA. The CRL does not request additional efficacy and safety clinical studies. The FDA has made an initial determination that the amendment to the Company s application in response to the CRL will be subject to a Class 2, or six-month, review timeline. In February 2023, the FDA granted the Company a Type C meeting request to discuss the CRL with the meeting scheduled in April 2023. 
 We may be unable to acquire product candidates or products. 
 The process of proposing, negotiating, and implementing a license, or acquiring a product candidate or an approved product, is lengthy and complex. Other companies, including some with substantially greater financial, marketing and sales resources, may compete with us for the license, the product candidate, or approved product. We have limited resources, including financial resources, to identify and execute the acquisition or in-licensing of third-party products, businesses, and technologies and integrate them into our current infrastructure. Moreover, we may devote significant resources to potential acquisitions, or in-licensing opportunities wherein those transactions are never consummated, or we may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of such efforts. We may not be able to acquire the rights to additional product candidates on terms that we find acceptable or at all. 
 In addition, future acquisitions may entail numerous operational and financial risks, including: 
 Exposure to unknown liabilities; 
 Disruption of our business, and diversion of our management's time and attention, to develop acquired products or technologies; 
 Incur substantial debt, or dilutive issuances of securities, or depletion of cash to pay for acquisitions; 
 Incur higher than expected acquisition, integration, and operating costs; 
 Experience difficulty in combining the operations and personnel of any acquired businesses with our operations and personnel; 
 Impair relationships with key suppliers or customers of any acquired businesses due to changes in management and ownership; and 
 Unable to retain and/or motivate key employees of any acquired businesses. 
 
 Our clinical trials for our product candidates may fail to demonstrate acceptable levels of safety, efficacy, or other requirements, which could prevent or significantly delay regulatory approval. 
 We may be unable to sufficiently demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our product candidates in obtaining regulatory approval. We must demonstrate, with substantial evidence gathered in well-controlled studies and to the satisfaction of the relevant regulatory authorities, that each product candidate is safe and effective for use in the target indication. We may be required to conduct additional studies or trials to adequately demonstrate safety and efficacy, which could prevent or significantly delay our receipt of regulatory approval, increase clinical costs, and ultimately delay or otherwise impair the commercialization of that product candidate. 
 Any product candidate that we in-license or acquire may require additional development prior to commercial sale, including formulation development, extensive clinical testing, and approval by the FDA or applicable foreign regulatory authorities. All product candidates are prone to risks of failure typical to pharmaceutical product development, including the possibility that a product candidate will not be shown to be sufficiently safe and effective for approval by regulatory authorities. 
 In addition, the results from the trials that we have completed for our product candidates may not be replicated in future trials. A number of companies in the pharmaceutical industry have suffered significant setbacks in advanced development, even after promising results in earlier trials. If our product candidates are not shown to be safe and effective, these clinical development programs might be terminated. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents ITEM 1 A. RI S K FACTORS. 

 Delays or failures in the completion of clinical development of our product candidates would increase our costs, delay, or limit our ability to generate revenues. 
 Delays or failures in the completion of clinical trials for our product candidates could significantly raise our product development costs. We do not know whether current or planned trials will be completed on schedule, if at all. The commencement and completion of clinical development can be delayed or halted for a number of reasons, including: 
 Difficulties in obtaining regulatory approval to commence a clinical trial or in complying with conditions imposed by a regulatory authority regarding the scope or term of a clinical trial; 
 Difficulties obtaining IRB or ethics committee approval to conduct a trial at a prospective site; 
 Delays in reaching or failure to reach agreement on acceptable terms with prospective trial sites and investigators, the contractual terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly from site to site; 
 Insufficient or inadequate supply of or quantity of a product candidate for use in trials; 
 Challenges recruiting and enrolling patients to participate in clinical trials, for any and all reasons, including competition from other programs for the treatment of similar conditions; 
 Severe or unexpected drug-related side effects experienced by patients in a clinical trial; 
 Difficulty retaining patients who have enrolled in a clinical trial but who may be prone to withdraw due to side effects from the therapy, lack of efficacy, or personal issues; 
 Temporary cessation of clinical trials (clinical holds); or 
 Delays due to ambiguous or negative interim results in clinical trials. 
 Clinical trials may be suspended or terminated by us; or at a trial site by the site's Data Safety Monitoring Board (DSMB) or ethics committee overseeing the clinical trial; or by the FDA; or by other regulatory authorities due to a number of factors, including: 
 Failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or the trial protocols; 
 Observations during an inspection of the clinical trial operations or trial sites by the FDA or other regulatory authorities which ultimately result in the imposition of a delay or clinical hold; 
 Unforeseen safety issues; or 
 Lack of adequate funding to continue the trial. 
 Failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or the trial protocols may result in the inability to use the trial data to support product approval. Changes in regulatory requirements and guidance may occur, and we may need to amend clinical trial protocols to reflect these changes. Amendments may require us to resubmit our clinical trial protocols to IRBs or ethics committees for reexamination, which may adversely impact the cost, timing, and/or successful completion of a clinical trial. 
 In addition, many of the factors that cause or lead to a delay in the commencement or completion of clinical trials may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of our product candidates. If we experience delays in completion, or if we terminate any of our clinical trials, our ability to obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates may be materially harmed, and our commercial prospects and ability to generate product revenues diminished. 
 Additionally, the current inflationary environment, unstable economic conditions and geopolitical events may delay our trials or significantly increase our product development costs. 
 Our products and product candidates may cause undesirable side effects or have other characteristics that limit their commercial potential, delay, or prevent their regulatory approval. 
 Undesirable side effects caused by any of our product candidates could cause us or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay or halt development. This could result in the denial of regulatory approval by the FDA or other regulatory authorities and result in potential product liability claims. Undesirable side effects caused by any of our products could cause regulatory 
 
 42 

Table of Contents ITEM 1 A. RI S K FACTORS. 

 authorities to temporarily or permanently halt product sales, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. As required by the FDA, the labels for our products include precautions and warnings about side effects, and in certain cases, the need for monitoring patients receiving the product. 
 If our products cause side effects, or if any of our product candidates receive marketing approval, and we or others later identify undesirable side effects caused by our products or product candidates, a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result, including, among others: 
 regulatory authorities may withdraw approval of the product or otherwise require us to take the approved product off the market; 
 regulatory authorities may require additional warnings or a narrowing of the indication on the product label; or 
 we may be required to create a medication guide outlining the proper use of the medication and the risks of side effects for distribution to patients; 
 we may be required to modify the product in some way; 
 regulatory authorities may require us to conduct additional clinical trials, or costly post-marketing testing and surveillance, to monitor the safety or efficacy of the product; 
 sales of approved products may decrease significantly; 
 we could be sued and be held liable for harm caused to patients; or 
 our reputation may suffer. 
 Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining the commercial success of our products and product candidates and could substantially increase commercialization costs. 
 We may not obtain or maintain the benefits associated with orphan drug designation, including market exclusivity. 
 Regulatory authorities in the United States may designate drugs for relatively small patient populations as orphan drugs. The FDA may grant orphan drug designation to drugs intended to treat a rare disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals annually in the U.S. Orphan drug designation entitles a party to financial incentives, such as opportunities for grant funding towards clinical trial costs, tax credits for certain research, and user fee waivers under certain circumstances. In addition, if a drug receives its first FDA approval in an indication for which it has orphan drug designation, that drug is entitled to seven years of market exclusivity. This implies that the FDA may not approve any other firm's application for the same drug for that same indication for a period of seven years. Exceptions are limited, such as showing clinical superiority over the drug with orphan drug exclusivity. 
 GOCOVRI has been granted orphan drug exclusivity until August 24, 2024 for the treatment of dyskinesia in patients with Parkinson s Disease receiving levodopa-based therapy with or without concomitant dopaminergic medications. 
 Although we have been granted FDA orphan drug designation for SPN-817 for the treatment of Dravet Syndrome and Lennox-Gaustaut Syndrome, and we intend to expand our designation for alternative uses where applicable, we may not receive the benefits associated with orphan drug designation. This may result from a failure to maintain orphan drug status, or it may result from a competing product reaching the market with an orphan designation for the same disease indication. Under U.S. rules for orphan drugs, if such a competing product reaches the market before ours does, the competing product could potentially obtain a scope of market exclusivity that limits or precludes our product from being sold in the U.S. for seven years. Even if we obtain exclusivity, the FDA could subsequently approve an alternative drug for the same condition if the FDA concludes that the second to reach the market is clinically superior in that it is safer, more effective, or makes a major contribution to patient care. In addition, a competitor may receive approval of different products for the same indication for which our orphan product has exclusivity or may obtain approval for the same product but for a different indication for which the orphan product has exclusivity. 
 In August 2017, the FDA Reauthorization Act of 2017 (FDARA) was enacted. FDARA, among other things, codified the FDA's pre-existing regulatory interpretation to require that a drug sponsor demonstrate clinical superiority of an orphan drug that is otherwise the same as a previously approved drug for the same rare disease in order to receive orphan drug exclusivity. The 
 
 43 

Table of Contents ITEM 1 A. RI S K FACTORS. 

 new legislation reverses prior precedent holding that the Orphan Drug Act unambiguously requires that the FDA recognize the orphan exclusivity period, regardless of showing clinical superiority. 
 The FDA may further reevaluate the Orphan Drug Act, including the FDARA amendment, its regulations, and policies. We do not know if, when, or how the FDA may change the orphan drug regulations and policies in the future. It is uncertain how any changes might affect our business. Depending on what changes the FDA may make to its orphan drug regulations and policies, our business could be adversely impacted. 
 Healthcare reform measures could hinder or prevent the commercial success of our products or product candidates. 
 The U.S., certain states, and certain foreign governments have shown significant, increased interest in pursuing healthcare reform and changes to the healthcare delivery system. Government-adopted reform measures could adversely impact the pricing of healthcare products and services in the U.S. or internationally, adversely impacting the level of reimbursement available from governmental agencies and/or commercial third-party payors. The continuing efforts of third-party payors, including U.S. federal and state agencies, foreign governments, insurance companies, managed care organizations, employers, and other payors of healthcare services to contain or reduce healthcare costs may adversely affect our ability to set prices at launch or to increase prices once launched. These initiatives could adversely impact our ability to generate revenues, to achieve profitability, or to maintain profitability. There have been a number of legislative and regulatory proposals and initiatives to change the healthcare system in ways that could adversely affect our ability to profitably sell any approved product. Some of these proposed reforms would result in reduced reimbursement rates for our products, which would adversely affect our business strategy, operations, and financial results. 
 Recently, on March 11, 2021, President Biden signed the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 into law, which as of January 1, 2024 will eliminate the statutory Medicaid drug rebate cap that is currently set at 100 of a drug s average manufacturer price. Accordingly, starting in 2024, manufacturers of certain drugs whose prices have increased substantially since their launch may be required to make larger rebate payments. This could result in situations where certain pharmaceutical manufacturers pay Medicaid more for certain drugs than they receive in compensation. The American Rescue Plan of 2021 may push certain pharmaceutical manufacturers to reconsider pricing strategies and overall business in Medicaid and other federal programs. This legislation is one in a series of legislative changes that have been proposed and adopted in the U.S. since the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (referred to, along with its regulations as the "HealthCare Reform Law") was enacted in 2010. These subsequent changes include reductions in Medicare payments to several types of healthcare providers and extensions to the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. 
 In March 2010, then President Obama signed into law a comprehensive change to the U.S. healthcare system, known as the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010. These laws and their regulations, which we refer to collectively as the "HealthCare Reform Law," have far reaching consequences for pharmaceutical companies like us. Possible revisions to the HealthCare Reform Law are the subject of ongoing legislative debates and litigation. 
 Since its enactment in 2010, the HealthCare Reform Law continues to exert downward pressure on pharmaceutical pricing, especially under the Medicare and Medicaid programs, and has increased the industry's regulatory burden and operating costs. Among the provisions of the HealthCare Reform Law of importance to our products and product candidates are the following: 
 An annual, nondeductible fee payable to the U.S. federal government by any entity that manufactures or imports specified branded prescription drugs or biologic agents. This fee is based on each company's market share of prior year total sales of branded products to certain federal healthcare programs; 
 An increase in the statutory minimum rebates a manufacturer must pay under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program; 
 Rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program for drugs that are inhaled, infused, instilled, implanted, or injected. In addition, on December 21, 2020, the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services issued a Final Rule that makes significant modifications to the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program regulations in several areas, including with respect to the treatment of value-based purchasing arrangements, the definition of key terms, and the price reporting treatment of manufacturer-sponsored patient benefit programs; 
 A Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, in which manufacturers must agree to offer a substantial point-of-sale discount off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturer's outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D; 
 
 44 

Table of Contents ITEM 1 A. RI S K FACTORS. 

 Extension of manufacturers' Medicaid rebate liability to individuals enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations; 
 Expansion of the eligibility criteria for Medicaid programs in certain states; 
 Expansion of the entities eligible for discounts under the Public Health Service pharmaceutical pricing program; 
 A requirement to annually report the number of drug samples that manufacturers and distributors provide to physicians; and 
 A Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities for, and conduct comparative clinical effectiveness research, along with funding for such research. 
 Since its enactment, there have been judicial, executive, and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the HealthCare Reform Law. On June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed the most recent judicial challenge to the HealthCare Reform Law brought by several states without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the HealthCare Reform Law. Accordingly, the HealthCare Reform Law remains in effect. Further, prior to the U.S. Supreme Court ruling, President Biden issued an executive order instructing certain governmental agencies to review and reconsider their existing policies and rules that limit access to healthcare, including, among others, re-examining Medicaid demonstration projects and waiver programs that include work requirements, and policies that create barriers to obtaining access to health insurance coverage through Medicaid or the HealthCare Reform Law. Congress may consider other legislation to repeal or replace elements of the HealthCare Reform Law. It is difficult to predict the extent to which any of these changes to the HealthCare Reform Law, or additional changes if made, may impact our business or any financial condition. 
 FDA statutes, regulations, and guidance are often revised or reinterpreted by the FDA in ways that may significantly affect our business and our products. It is impossible to predict whether additional legislative changes will be enacted or whether FDA regulations, guidance, or interpretations will be changed, and what the impact of such changes, if any, may be. Future regulatory changes could make it more difficult for us to maintain or attain approval to develop and commercialize our products and technologies. 
 The FDA has enhanced its post-marketing authority, including the authority to require post-marketing studies and clinical trials, labeling changes based on new safety information, or to require compliance with risk evaluation and mitigation strategies. Further, the 2012 Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation Act expanded drug supply chain reporting requirements and strengthened the FDA's response to drug shortages. The FDA's exercise of its authority could result in delays or could increase costs during product development and regulatory review. It could also result in increased costs to assure compliance with post-approval regulatory requirements and could result in potential restrictions on the sale and/or distribution of any approved product. 
 Healthcare cost containment legislation and the failure of third-party payors to provide appropriate levels of coverage and reimbursement for the use of products and treatments facilitated by our products could harm our business and prospects. 
 Our products are dependent upon the coverage decisions and reimbursement policies established by government healthcare programs and private health insurers. These policies affect which products customers purchase and the prices customers are willing to pay. Reimbursement varies by country and can significantly impact the acceptance of new products and technologies. Even if we develop a promising new product, we may find limited demand for the product unless appropriate reimbursement approval is obtained from private and governmental third-party payors. Further legislative or administrative reforms to the reimbursement systems in the U.S. and other countries in a manner that significantly reduces reimbursement for our products, including price regulation, competitive bidding and tendering, coverage and payment policies, comparative effectiveness of therapies, technology assessments, and managed-care arrangements, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 Certain U.S. states have become increasingly active in passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, and restrictions on access to certain products. Marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures have been designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. In addition, regional healthcare authorities and individual hospitals are increasingly using bidding procedures to determine what pharmaceutical products and which suppliers will be included in their prescription drug formularies. Legally mandated price controls on payment amounts by third-party payors, or other similar restrictions, could harm our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. Alternatively, these could prevent us from being able to commercialize our products or to generate an acceptable return on our investment. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents ITEM 1 A. RI S K FACTORS. 

 The American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 further reduced Medicare payments to several types of providers and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three years to five years. More recently, there have been several Congressional inquiries and proposed bills designed to, among other things, bring: more transparency to drug pricing; reduce the cost of prescription drugs under Medicare; review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs; and reform government programs reimbursement methodologies for drugs. 
 The Drug Quality and Security Act (DQSA) became law in 2013. DQSA creates the requirement for companies to trace, verify and identify all products through the entire supply chain, from manufacturer to dispenser. Title I of the DQSA increased regulation of compounding drugs. Title II of the DQSA Drug Supply Chain Security established requirements to facilitate improved tracking of prescription drug products through the supply chain with increased product identification requirements. DQSA requires such tracking to be done farther down the distribution chain, including (i) wholesalers' verification and tracking in November 2019, (ii) pharmacy verification and tracking in the Fall of 2020, and (iii) at the unit level throughout the entire supply chain near the end of 2023. 
 In December 2016, the 21st Century Cures Act (Cures Act) was signed into law. The Cures Act was designed to modernize and personalize healthcare, spur innovation and research, and streamline the discovery and development of new therapies through increased federal funding of particular programs. It authorized increased funding for the FDA to spend on innovation projects. The law also amended the Public Health Service Act (PHSA) to reauthorize and expand funding for the National Institutes of Health (NIH). The Cures Act established the NIH Innovation Fund to pay for the cost of development and implementation of a strategic plan, early stage investigations, and research. It also charged the NIH with leading and coordinating expanded pediatric research. Further, the Cures Act directed the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to expand surveillance of neurological diseases. 
 In August 2017, then President Trump signed the FDA Reauthorization Act of 2017 (FDARA) into law. FDARA reauthorized the various user fees to facilitate the FDA s review and oversight relating to prescription drugs, generic drugs, medical devices, and biosimilars. The legislation also included several policy riders that will impact an array of issues within the FDA's authority, including, among others, pediatric study requirements, orphan drug exclusivity, and the approval process for generic drugs. With amendments to the FDCA and the PHSA, Title III of the Cures Act sought to accelerate the discovery, development, and delivery of new medicines and medical technologies. To that end, and among other provisions, the Cures Act reauthorized the existing priority review voucher program through 2020 for certain drugs intended to treat rare pediatric diseases; created a new priority review voucher program for drug applications which are determined to be material national security threat medical countermeasure applications; revised the FDCA to streamline the review of combination product applications; required the FDA to evaluate the potential use of "real world evidence" to help support approval of new indications for approved drugs; provided a new "limited population" approval pathway for antibiotic and antifungal drugs intended to treat serious or life-threatening infections; and authorized the FDA to designate a drug as a "regenerative advanced therapy," thereby making it eligible for certain expedited review and approval designations. 
 The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 IRA ), signed into law on August 16, 2022, includes several measures intended to lower the cost of prescription drugs and related healthcare reforms, including limits on price increases and subjecting an escalating number of drugs to annual price negotiations with The Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services. Specifically, the IRA authorizes and directs HHS to set drug price caps for certain high-cost Medicare Part B and Part D qualified drugs, with the initial list of drugs to be selected by September 1, 2023, and the first year of maximum price applicability to begin in calendar year 2026. The IRA further authorizes HHS to penalize pharmaceutical manufacturers that increase the price of certain Medicare Part B and Part D drugs faster than the rate of inflation. Finally, the IRA creates significant changes to the Medicare Part D benefit design by capping Part D beneficiaries annual out-of-pocket spending beginning in calendar year 2025. We cannot predict whether additional legislation or rulemaking related to the IRA will be issued or enacted, or what impact, if any, such changes will have on the profitability of any of our products. There may be future changes unrelated to the IRA that result in reductions in potential coverage and reimbursement levels for our products, and we cannot predict the scope of any future changes or the impact that those changes may have on our business. 
 We expect that healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and lower reimbursement, and additional downward pressure on the price that we receive for any approved product. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government-funded programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms could result in reduced demand for our product candidates or additional pricing pressures and may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability or commercialize our drugs. 
 Future healthcare reforms in the U.S. and in other countries could limit the prices that can be charged for our products and product candidates or may otherwise limit our commercial opportunities. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents ITEM 1 A. RI S K FACTORS. 

 Implementation of any change in healthcare laws could cause us to incur significant compliance expenses or could subject us to substantial penalties and fines if our business is found to violate these requirements. 
 The assessment of the financial impact of the HealthCare Reform Law on our business is on-going. There can be no assurance that our business will not be materially harmed by future implementation of or changes to the HealthCare Reform Law. If we are not in full compliance with the HealthCare Reform Law, we could face enforcement action, fines, and other penalties. We could receive adverse publicity. 
 The HealthCare Reform Law includes various provisions designed to strengthen fraud and abuse enforcement. These include increasing funding for enforcement efforts and lowering the intent requirement of the federal anti-kickback statute and criminal healthcare fraud statute, such that a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge or specific intent to violate the statute. 
 If our past or present operations are found to be in violation of any such laws or any other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, both civil and criminal, damages, fines, exclusion from federal healthcare programs, and/or the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. 
 The risk of our being found in violation of the HealthCare Reform Law, its underlying regulations, or other laws impacted by its implementation is made more complex by the fact that many have not been fully interpreted by the regulatory authorities or the courts. Their provisions are subject to a variety of interpretations. Any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against these assertions, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management's attention from the operation of our business. 
 
 If we fail to comply with healthcare regulations, we could face substantial penalties. Our business, operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 As a supplier of pharmaceuticals, certain U.S. federal and state healthcare laws and regulations pertaining to patients' rights to privacy, fraud and abuse protection, and others, are and will be applicable to our business. We could be subject to allegations of healthcare fraud and abuse, patient privacy violations, as well as other violations of healthcare regulations by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. Regulations include, but are not limited to, the: 
 Federal healthcare program Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, to induce either the referral of an individual for an item or service or the purchasing or ordering of a good or service, for which payment may be made under federal healthcare programs such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge or specific intent to violate the statute in order to have committed a violation. Further, the government may assert that a claim, including items and services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal False Claims Act, as discussed below. On December 2, 2020, additional Anti-Kickback regulations were finalized, creating new and change existing safe harbors, which took effect in January 2021. Safe harbors protect certain arrangements from prosecution if each of the elements of the safe harbor is satisfied; 
 On November 16, 2020, the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) Office of Inspector General (OIG) published a Special Fraud Alert addressing manufacturer Speaker Programs signaling both a more narrow government view of Anti-Kickback Statute compliance with respect to such programs as well as potential for increased enforcement in the space by government oversight agencies such as OIG and the Department of Justice; 
 Federal civil and criminal false claims laws and civil monetary penalty laws, which prohibit, among other things: individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment from Medicare, Medicaid, or other third-party payors that are false or fraudulent; knowingly making a false statement material to an obligation to pay or transmit money to the federal government; or knowingly concealing or improperly avoiding or decreasing an obligation to pay money to the federal government. This may apply to entities like us, which provide coding and billing advice to customers; 
 Federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) which prohibits a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare matters. Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge or specific intent to violate the statute in order to have committed a violation. On December 10, 2020, HHS released proposed modifications to the HIPAA Privacy Rule, which, if adopted, would change rules related to patient access to HIPAA protected records, among others; 
 
 47 

Table of Contents ITEM 1 A. RI S K FACTORS. 

 HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, also imposes certain requirements relating to the privacy, security, and transmission of individually identifiable health information; 
 Federal physician payment transparency requirements under the Affordable Care Act, commonly referred to as the Physician Payment Sunshine Act, which requires manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics, and medical supplies to report to the HHS information related to physician payments, and to report other transfers of value, physician ownership, and investment interests; 
 Federal price reporting laws, which require us to calculate and report complex pricing metrics to government programs, where such reported prices may be used in the calculation of reimbursement and/or discounts on our commercial products; 
 FDCA, which among other things, strictly regulates drug product marketing, prohibits manufacturers from marketing drug products for off-label use, and regulates the distribution of drug samples; and 
 State law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as state anti-kickback laws, physician payment, and drug pricing transparency laws, and false claims laws which may apply to our business practices, including, but not limited to: research, distribution, sales and marketing arrangements; claims for items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers; state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry's voluntary compliance guidelines, and the applicable compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government; otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers; and state laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances. Many of these state laws differ from one another in significant ways and often are not preempted by federal laws, thus complicating compliance efforts; 
 Certain state laws require pharmaceutical companies to comply with voluntary compliance guidelines promulgated by a pharmaceutical industry association and relevant compliance guidance issued by HHS Office of Inspector General, bar drug manufacturers from offering or providing certain types of payments or gifts to physicians and other healthcare providers, and/or require disclosure of gifts or payments to physicians and other healthcare providers; 
 Various state and foreign laws also govern the privacy and security of health information in some circumstances; many of these laws differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA; 
 Pricing and rebate programs must comply with the Medicaid rebate requirements of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990 and the Veterans Health Care Act of 1992, each as amended. If our products are made available to authorized users of the Federal Supply Schedule of the General Services Administration, additional laws and requirements apply. Under the Veterans Health Care Act (VHCA) drug companies are required to offer certain pharmaceutical products at a reduced price to a number of federal agencies including the United States Department of Veterans Affairs and United States Department of Defense, the Public Health Service and certain private Public Health Service designated entities in order to participate in other federal funding programs including Medicare and Medicaid. Recent legislative changes purport to require that discounted prices be offered for certain United States Department of Defense purchases for its TRICARE program via a rebate system. Participation under the VHCA requires submission of pricing data and calculation of discounts and rebates pursuant to complex statutory formulas, as well as the entry into government procurement contracts governed by the Federal Acquisition Regulations; 
 Similar healthcare laws in the European Union and other jurisdictions, including reporting requirements detailing interactions with and payments to healthcare providers. 
 Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations could be costly. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or in violation of any governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, and the curtailment, or restructuring of our operations. Any penalties, damages, fines, curtailment or restructuring of our operations could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and could impair our financial results. 
 Although compliance programs can mitigate the risk of investigation and prosecution for violations of these laws, the risks cannot be entirely eliminated. Any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management's attention from the operation of our business. Moreover, achieving and sustaining compliance with applicable federal and state privacy, security, and fraud laws may prove costly. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents ITEM 1 A. RI S K FACTORS. 

 Guidelines and recommendations published by various organizations can reduce the use of our products and product candidates. 
 Government agencies promulgate regulations and guidelines directly applicable to us and to our products and product candidates, wherein those regulations or guidelines could affect the use of our products. In addition, professional societies, practice management groups, private health and science foundations, and organizations involved in various diseases from time to time may also publish guidelines or recommendations to the health care provider and patient communities. Recommendations from government agencies or these other groups or organizations may relate to such matters as usage, dosage, route of administration, and use of concomitant therapies. Recommendations or guidelines suggesting the reduced use of our products, or the use of competitive or alternative products which are subsequently followed by patients and health care providers, could result in decreased use of our products. 
 
 We could be involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents, which could be expensive, time consuming, distracting, and ultimately unsuccessful. 
 Competitors may infringe our patents. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time consuming. For example, we are involved in several matters related to Paragraph IV Certification Notice Letters that we received in connection with our products and our collaborators' products. In connection with an ANDA, a Paragraph IV Certification Notice Letter notifies the FDA that one or more patents listed in the FDA's Orange Book is alleged to be invalid, unenforceable, or will not be infringed by the competitive ANDA product. 
 For example, we have received Paragraph IV Notice Letters from generic drug makers directed to the Orange Book patents of several of our products. We have filed lawsuits against the generic drug makers and intend to vigorously enforce our intellectual property rights relating to our products. 
 For more information, refer to Part I, Item 3 Legal Proceedings contained in this Annual Report Form 10-K. 
 In any infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a patent of ours is not valid or enforceable, or the court may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover the technology in question. An adverse result in any litigation or defense proceedings could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and could put our patent application at risk of not issuing. 
 Interference proceedings brought by the USPTO may be necessary to determine the priority of inventions with respect to our patents and patent applications or the patents of our collaborators. An unfavorable outcome could require us to cease using the technology or to attempt to license rights to it from the prevailing party. Our business could be harmed if a prevailing party does not offer us a license on terms that are acceptable to us or offer terms at all. Litigation or interference proceedings may fail. Even if successful, litigation may result in substantial costs and distract our management and other employees. We may not be able to prevent, alone or with our collaborators, misappropriation of our proprietary rights, particularly in countries where the laws may not protect those rights as fully as they are protected in the U.S. 
 Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. 
 In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions, or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative or perceive that the presence or continuation of these cases creates a level of uncertainty regarding our ability to increase or sustain product sales, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 
 There can be no assurance that our product candidates will not be subject to the same risks. 
 
 Limitations on our patent rights relating to our products and product candidates may limit our ability to prevent third parties from competing against us. 
 To a significant degree, our success will depend on our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection for: our proprietary technologies; for both our products and product candidates; to preserve our trade secrets; to prevent third parties from infringing upon our proprietary rights; and to operate without infringing upon the proprietary rights of others. To that end, we seek patent protection in the U.S. and internationally for our products and product candidates. Our policy is to actively seek to protect our proprietary positions by, among other things, filing patent applications in the U.S. and abroad (including Europe, Canada, and certain other countries when appropriate) relating to proprietary technologies that are important to the development of our business. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents ITEM 1 A. RI S K FACTORS. 

 The strength of patents in the pharmaceutical industry involves complex legal and scientific questions and can have uncertain results. Patent applications in the U.S. and most other countries are confidential for a period of time until they are published. Publication of discoveries in scientific or patent literature typically lags actual discoveries by several months or more. As a result, we cannot be certain that we were the first to conceive inventions covered by our patents and pending patent applications or that we were the first to file patent applications for such inventions. In addition, we cannot be certain that our patent applications will be granted; that any issued patents will adequately protect our intellectual property; or that such patents will not be challenged, narrowed, invalidated, or circumvented. 
 We also rely upon unpatented trade secrets, unpatented know-how, and continuing technological innovation to develop and maintain our competitive position, which we seek to protect, in part, by confidentiality agreements with our employees, with our collaborators, and with our consultants. We also have agreements with our employees and selected consultants that obligate them to assign their inventions to us. 
 It is possible that technology relevant to our business will be independently developed by a person that is not a party to such an agreement. Furthermore, if the employees and consultants that are parties to these agreements breach or violate the terms of these agreements, we may not have adequate remedies. We could lose our trade secrets through such breaches or violations. Further, our trade secrets could otherwise become known or could be independently discovered by our competitors. Any failure to adequately prevent disclosure of our trade secrets and other proprietary information could have a material, adverse impact on our business. 
 In addition, the laws of certain foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent or in the same manner as the U.S. Therefore, we may encounter problems in protecting and defending our intellectual property in certain foreign jurisdictions. 
 If we are sued for infringing the intellectual property rights of third parties, it could be costly and time consuming to defend such a suit. An unfavorable outcome in such litigation could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 Our commercial success depends upon our ability, and the ability of our collaborators, to develop, manufacture, market and sell our approved products and our product candidates and to use our proprietary technologies without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. 
 The numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications owned by third parties, exist in the fields in which we and our collaborators are developing product candidates. As the pharmaceutical industry expands and more patents are issued, the risk increases that our collaborators' approved products, or our product candidates, may give rise to claims of infringement of the patent rights of others. There may be issued patents of third parties that we are currently unaware of and that may be infringed by our products or our collaborators' approved products. These patents could prevent us from being able to maximize revenue generated by our products or our product candidates. Because patent applications can take many years to issue, there may be pending patent applications, which may later result in issued patents. Our collaborators' approved products, our products, or our product candidates may infringe those issued patents. 
 We may be exposed to or threatened with future litigation by third parties alleging that our collaborators' approved products, our products, or product candidates infringe their intellectual property rights. If one of our collaborators' approved products, our products, or our product candidates is found to infringe the intellectual property rights of a third party, we or our collaborators could be enjoined by a court and required to pay damages. In such an event, we could be prevented from commercializing the applicable approved products or product candidates unless we obtain a license to the patent. A license may not be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all. In addition, during litigation, the patent holder could obtain a preliminary injunction, or other equitable relief, which could prohibit us from making, using, or selling our approved products prior to a trial. Such a trial may not occur for several years. 
 There is a substantial amount of litigation involving patent and other intellectual property rights in the pharmaceutical industry. If a third party claims that we or our collaborators infringe its intellectual property rights, we may face a number of issues, including, but not limited to: 
 Infringement and other intellectual property claims which, regardless of merit, may be expensive and time-consuming to litigate, and which may divert our management's attention from our core business; 
 Substantial damages for infringement, which we may have to pay if a court decides that the product at issue infringes on or violates the third party's rights. If the court finds that the infringement was willful, we could be ordered to pay treble damages and pay the patent owner's legal fees; 
 
 50 

Table of Contents ITEM 1 A. RI S K FACTORS. 

 Court rulings prohibiting us from selling our products or product candidates, unless the third party licenses its rights to us, which it is not required to do; 
 If a license is available from a third party, we may have to pay substantial royalties, fees or grant cross-licenses to our intellectual property rights; and 
 Incurring the costs and expending the time necessary to defend against such litigation; and 
 Redesigning our products or product candidates so they do not infringe. This may not be possible or may require substantial monetary expenditures and time. 
 
 We face potential litigation and product liability exposures. If successful claims are brought against us, we may incur substantial liabilities. 
 In recent years, the volume and variety of claims and the amount of damages claimed in litigation against the pharmaceutical industry have increased. For example, recently we or our subsidiaries have been involved in litigations alleging violation of federal and state false claims acts and antitrust laws. For more information, refer to Part I, Item 3 - Legal Proceedings contained in this Annual Report Form 10-K. While we strive to conduct our business in accordance with the highest standards, we nevertheless remain exposed to litigation risk. We could be sued by many different parties, including, for example, consumers, healthcare providers, or others selling or otherwise coming into contact with our products and product candidates. Lawsuits or investigations that we may become involved in could be very expensive. These claims may be highly damaging to our reputation, even if the underlying claims are without merit, thereby adversely affecting our business. 
 The use of our product candidates in clinical trials and the commercial sale of any of our products expose us to the risk of product liability claims. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we could incur substantial liabilities. In addition, product liability claims may result in: 
 Decreased demand for a commercial product; 
 Impairment of our business reputation and exposure to adverse publicity; 
 Withdrawal of bioequivalence and/or clinical trial participants; 
 Initiation of investigations by regulators; 
 Costs related to litigation; 
 Distraction of management's attention from our primary business; 
 Substantial monetary awards to patients or other claimants; 
 Loss of revenues; and 
 Our inability to commercialize products for which we are obtaining marketing approval. 
 Our product liability insurance coverage for our clinical trials is limited to 30 million per claim and 30 million in the aggregate. Insurance covers bodily injury and property damage arising from our clinical trials, subject to industry-standard terms, conditions, and exclusions. On occasion, large judgments have been awarded in class action lawsuits for drugs that had unanticipated side effects. In the future, the potential inability to obtain sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost, or at all, to protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the development and commercialization of the pharmaceutical products we develop. 
 As we continue to increase the size of our organization, we may experience difficulties in managing growth. 
 Our personnel, systems and facilities currently in place may not be adequate to support future growth. Our future financial performance and our ability to compete effectively will depend, to a significant degree, on our ability to effectively manage our recent and any future growth. We increased employee headcount from 575 employees in 2021 to 612 employees in 2022. Revenues in 2022 were 667.2 million, compared to 579.8 million in 2021. Our need to effectively execute our growth strategy requires that we: 
 Manage regulatory approvals and clinical trials effectively; 
 
 51 

Table of Contents ITEM 1 A. RI S K FACTORS. 

 Manage our internal developmental efforts efficiently while complying with our contractual obligations to licensors, licensees, contractors, collaborators, and other third parties; 
 Commercialize our product candidates; 
 Continue to grow our pipeline; 
 Target strategic business development opportunities; 
 Improve our operational, financial, and management controls, financial reporting systems and procedures; and 
 Attract, retain and motivate sufficient numbers of talented employees with the requisite skills and experience. 
 This growth could place a strain on our administrative and operational infrastructure and may require our management to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from our day-to-day activities. We may not be able to effectively manage the expansion of our operations or to recruit, train, and retain additional qualified personnel, particularly in an inflationary economic environment. This may result in weaknesses in our infrastructure; give rise to operational mistakes; loss of business opportunities; loss of employees; and reduced productivity. 
 We may not be able to make improvements to our management information and control systems in an efficient or timely manner and may discover deficiencies in existing systems and controls. In addition, our growth will cause us to comply with an increasing number of regulations and statutory requirements. If our management is unable to effectively manage our expected growth, our expenses may increase more than expected; our ability to generate or increase our revenues could be impaired; and we may not be able to implement our business strategy. 
 
 Cybersecurity incidents may adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, and reputation. Security breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to liability which would cause our business and reputation to suffer. 
 Our operations involve the use of multiple systems that process, store and transmit sensitive information about our customers, suppliers, employees, financial position, operating results, and strategies. In the ordinary course of our business, we or our vendors collect and store sensitive data in our or their data centers and on our networks, including: intellectual property; proprietary business information; proprietary information of our customers, suppliers, and business partners; and identifiable personal information of our employees and patients in our clinical trials. Hardware, software, or applications we develop or procure from third parties or through open source solutions may contain defects in design or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information security. Additionally, cyberattacks or security breaches, similar to the 2021 ransomware attack, could compromise confidential client information, confidential employee information or other sensitive data, cause a disruption or delay in our operations, harm our reputation, result in improper use of our systems and networks, the manipulation and destruction of data, or the release of defective products and may otherwise expose us to liability, including as a result of the release of third party information improperly obtained from our systems, any of which in turn could negatively impact our business, financial results, reputation and the value of our common shares. We have and continue to implement measures to safeguard our systems and information and mitigate potential risks, but there is no assurance that such actions will be sufficient to prevent cyberattacks or security breaches that manipulate or improperly use our systems, compromise sensitive information, destroy or corrupt data, or otherwise disrupt our operations. The occurrence of such events, including additional breaches of our security measures or those of our third-party service providers, could negatively impact our reputation and our competitive position and could result in litigation with third parties, regulatory action, loss of business due to disruption of operations, and/or reputational damage, potential liability and increased remediation and protection costs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Any future attacks or other security breaches could also cause us to incur remediation costs with respect to our information technology systems, as occurred following the 2021 ransomware attack. Refer to Item 7 Management Discussion and Analysis Overview Ransomware Attack for additional information regarding the 2021 ransomware attack. Additionally, a cyberattack or security breach may remain undetected for an extended period of time, potentially escalating the adverse effects of any such incident. 
 The continued occurrence of high-profile data breaches provides evidence of an external environment which is increasingly hostile to information security and to the secure processing, maintenance, and transmission of information critical to our operations and business strategy. 
 In response to a cyberattack or security breach, as was the case following the 2021 ransomware attack, we accelerated previously planned information technology investments in ways designed to improve our information security and technology infrastructure. Since 2021 we have incurred costs and expect to continue to incur costs in the future, which may be significant, in 
 
 52 

Table of Contents ITEM 1 A. RI S K FACTORS. 

 connection with efforts designed to enhance our data security and take further steps designed to protect against unauthorized access to, or manipulation of, our systems and data. In response to any future cyberattack or security breach we may further increase our information technology investments. 
 Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to additional attacks breached due to employee error, malfeasance, or other disruptions. It is possible that the security controls we have implemented to safeguard personal data and our networks, train our employees and vendors on data security, and implement security requirements and other practices may not prevent the compromise of our networks or the improper disclosure of data that we or our vendors store and manage. Unauthorized parties may also attempt to gain access to our systems or facilities, or those of third parties with whom we do business, through fraud, trickery, other forms of deceiving our employees, contractors, and vendors. If we, our vendors, or other third parties with whom we do business experience significant data security breaches or fail to detect and appropriately respond to significant data security breaches, we could be exposed to government enforcement actions. Improper disclosure could also harm our reputation, create risks for customers, or subject us to liability under laws that protect personal information. This could adversely affect our business, revenues, and competitive position. 
 While integrating acquired businesses and operations and upgrading the Company's information technology systems, we may face an elevated cybersecurity risk. 
 At the time of the 2021 ransomware attack we self-insured by assuming the full risk of costs related to cybersecurity incidents. We have obtained cyber insurance, which is effective January 2023, in addition to our business insurance coverage, however, it will not cover the 2021 ransomware attack. Our insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover the full impact of a cyberattack. 
 We face significant competition in attracting and retaining talented employees. Further, managing succession for and retention of key executives is critical to our success. Our failure to do so could have an adverse impact on our future performance. 
 We are highly dependent upon skilled personnel in key parts of our organization, and we invest heavily in recruiting, training, and retaining qualified individuals, which includes significant efforts to enhance the diversity of our workforce. The loss of the service of key members of our organization, including senior members of our scientific and management teams, high-quality researchers, development specialists, and skilled personnel, could delay or prevent the achievement of major business objectives. Our future growth will demand talented employees and leaders, yet the market for such talent has become increasingly competitive. In addition, our ability to hire qualified personnel also depends on our flexibility to reward superior performance and to pay competitive compensation. In our industry, during the current inflationary economic environment, compensation levels for qualified personnel and competition among employers to recruit and retain such personnel have and continue to increase. 
 We may not be able to attract or motivate qualified management, scientific and clinical personnel in the future due to the intense competition for qualified personnel among biotechnology, pharmaceutical, and other businesses. Our industry has experienced a high rate of turnover of management personnel in recent years. If we are not able to attract and motivate key personnel to accomplish our business objectives, we may experience constraints that may significantly impede the achievement of our objectives. 
 Effective succession planning is also important to our long-term success. Failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge and smooth transition involving key employees and members of our management team could hinder our strategic planning and business execution. In addition, our failure to adequately plan for succession of senior management and for other key management roles, or the failure of key employees to successfully transition into new roles, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 We are highly dependent on the development, regulatory, commercial, and financial expertise of our management, particularly Jack A. Khattar, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Khattar has an employment agreement. Other members of the senior management team have executive retention agreements, but these agreements do not guarantee the services of these executives will continue to be available to us. If we lose key members of our management team, we may not be able to find suitable replacements in a timely fashion, if at all. We cannot be certain that future management transitions will not disrupt our operations or will not generate concern among employees and those with whom we do business. 
 In addition to competition for personnel, our corporate offices are located in the greater Washington D.C. metropolitan area, an area that is characterized by a high cost of living. As such, we could have difficulty attracting experienced personnel to our Company and may be required to expend significant financial resources in our employee recruitment efforts. As a result, despite significant efforts on our part, we may be unable to attract and retain qualified individuals in sufficient numbers, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 53 

Table of Contents ITEM 1 A. RI S K FACTORS. 

 Our business involves the use of hazardous materials, and we must comply with environmental laws and regulations. This can be expensive and restrict how we do business. 
 Our activities and the activities conducted by our third-party manufacturers and suppliers involve the controlled storage, use, and disposal of hazardous materials. We and our manufacturers and suppliers are subject to federal, state, city, and local laws and regulations governing the use, manufacture, storage, handling, and disposal of these hazardous materials. Although we believe that the safety procedures we use for handling and disposing of these materials comply with the standards prescribed by applicable laws and regulations, we cannot eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of an accident, local, city, state, or federal authorities may curtail the use of these materials and may interrupt our business operations, including our commercialization, research and development efforts. Although we believe that the safety procedures utilized by our third-party manufacturers for handling and disposing of these materials generally comply with the standards prescribed by applicable laws and regulations, we have no direct control over our third-party manufacturers, and therefore cannot guarantee that this is the case. We can eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or that such safety procedures will prevent injury from these materials. In such an event, we may be held liable for any resulting damages. Such liability could exceed our resources. 
 We do not currently maintain biological or hazardous materials insurance coverage. While we have implemented processes and procedures to ensure that the suppliers we use are complying with all applicable regulations, there can be no assurance that such suppliers in all instances will comply with such processes and procedures or otherwise comply with applicable regulations. Noncompliance could result in our marketing and distribution of contaminated, defective, or dangerous products, which could subject us to liabilities. This could result in the imposition by governmental authorities of procedures or penalties that could restrict or eliminate our ability to sell products. Any or all of these effects could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Provisions in our agreement with Shire, or its successor, Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited, impose restrictive covenants on us, which could limit our ability to operate effectively in the future. 
 In 2005, we purchased substantially all of the assets of Shire Laboratories Inc., the predecessor of Supernus Pharmaceuticals. Under the purchase agreement, we agreed to refrain perpetually from engaging in any research, formulation development, analytical testing, manufacture, technology assessment, or oral bioavailability screening that relate to five specific drug compounds (i.e., amphetamine, carbamazepine, guanfacine, lanthanum, and mesalamine), and any derivative thereof. Although these various restrictions and covenants on us do not currently impact our products, product candidates, or business, they could in the future limit or delay our ability to take advantage of business opportunities that may relate to such compounds. 
 The Company s financial condition and results of operations for fiscal year 2023 and beyond may be materially and adversely affected by the ongoing COVID-19 and any future pandemic. 
 The Company is currently following the recommendations of local and federal health authorities to minimize exposure risk for its various stakeholders, including employees. The full extent of the impact of COVID-19 on our business and operating results will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be accurately predicted, including new information that may emerge concerning COVID-19 and the actions required to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. Although the Company currently continues to have an uninterrupted wholesale and retail distribution of its products, and the Company does not anticipate a shortage of its commercial products due to COVID-19 at this time, disruptions may occur for the Company's customers or suppliers that may materially affect the Company's ability to obtain supplies or components for its products, manufacture an additional product, or deliver inventory in a timely manner. This would result in lost sales, additional costs, penalties, or damage to the Company's reputation. 
 The COVID-19 and any future pandemic may result in workforce limitations and travel restrictions resulting from related government actions taken to contain the spread of the disease, any of which may impact many aspects of our business. If a significant percentage of our workforce is unable to work, including because of illness or travel or government restrictions in connection with the pandemic, our operations may be negatively impacted. During a pandemic, government restrictions and social distancing guidelines may continue to drive an increased reliance on working from home for our employees. For example, during the current pandemic, the Company s sales force is functioning largely utilizing digital engagement tools, tactics, and virtual detailing, which may be less effective than the Company s ordinary course sales and marketing programs. In addition, during a pandemic, patients may not be able to get their prescriptions or visit their physicians, which in turn could adversely impact the prescription volumes of our commercial products. Similarly, investigative sites, subjects in clinical trials, and vendors that include our contract research organizations may be subject to the same workforce limitations and travel restrictions during a pandemic. As a result, during a pandemic, we may experience delays or disruptions in our preclinical studies, clinical studies, and non-clinical 
 
 54 

Table of Contents ITEM 1 A. RI S K FACTORS. 

 experiments due to unforeseen circumstances, including but not limited to, interruption of key clinical trial activities, such as clinical trial site data monitoring, and interruption of clinical trial subject visits and study procedures. 
 The Company may also experience other unknown impacts from a pandemic that cannot be predicted. For example, in its CRL related to SPN-830, the FDA mentions that approval of the NDA for SPN-830 requires inspections that could not be completed in a timely manner due to COVID-19 travel restrictions. We may also experience delays in receiving supplies of our product candidates from our contract manufacturing organizations due to staffing shortages, production slowdowns, stoppages, disruptions in delivery systems. 
 The Company may also require an increased level of working capital if it experiences extended billing and collection cycles as a result of displaced employees at the Company, payors, revenue cycle management contractors, or otherwise. In addition, any disease outbreak could result in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the U.S. economy and financial markets, resulting in an economic downturn that could affect customers' demand for our products and our ability to raise additional capital or obtain financing on favorable terms. 
 The Company may experience delays in receipt of financial information, which may preclude timely reporting of financial results to investors and to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Accordingly, disruptions to the Company's business as a result of a pandemic could result in a material adverse effect on the Company's business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects in the near and long terms. 
 There can be no assurance that any of the Company's plans will be effective in mitigating the effects of a pandemic on our business operations and consequently the potential material adverse impact on our anticipated revenue, earnings and liquidity. 
 
 Compliance with the terms and conditions of our Corporate Integrity Agreement requires significant resources and management time and, if we fail to comply, we could be subject to penalties or, under certain circumstances, excluded from government healthcare programs, which would materially adversely affect our business. 
 We are subject to a CIA requiring a number of extensive obligations relating to the establishment and ongoing maintenance of an effective compliance program. Maintaining the broad array of processes, policies and procedures necessary to comply with the CIA will require a significant portion of management's attention and the application of significant resources. The costs associated with implementation of and compliance with the CIA could be substantial and may be greater than we currently anticipate. While we have developed and instituted a corporate compliance program, we cannot guarantee that we, our employees, our consultants or our contractors are or will be in compliance with all potentially applicable U.S. federal regulations and laws and all requirements of the CIA. In the event of a breach of the CIA, we could become liable for payment of certain stipulated monetary penalties or could be excluded from participation in federal health care programs. The costs associated with compliance with the CIA, or any liability or consequences associated with its breach, could have an adverse effect on our business, revenues, earnings and cash flows. 
 Risks Related to Our Finances and Capital Requirements 
 
 Our operating results may fluctuate significantly. 
 We expect that any revenue we generate will fluctuate from quarter to quarter and year to year as a result of the revenue generated from approved products, our license agreements, the amount and timing of development milestones, and product revenue received under our collaboration license agreements. 
 Our net earnings and other operating results will be affected by numerous factors, including: 
 The level of market acceptance for any approved product candidate, underlying demand for that product, and wholesalers' buying patterns; 
 Variations in the level of expenses related to our development programs; 
 The success of our product development and clinical trial activities through all phases of clinical development; 
 Our execution of any collaborative, licensing, or similar commercial arrangements, and the timing of payments we may make or receive under these arrangements; 
 Any delays in regulatory review and approval of product candidates in clinical development; 
 
 55 

Table of Contents ITEM 1 A. RI S K FACTORS. 

 The timing of any regulatory approvals, if received, of additional indications for our existing products; 
 Potential side effects of our products and our future products that could delay or prevent commercialization, cause an approved drug to be taken off the market, or result in litigation; 
 Any intellectual property infringement lawsuit in which we may become involved; 
 Our ability to maintain an effective sales and marketing infrastructure; 
 Our dependency on third-party manufacturers to supply or manufacture our products and product candidates; 
 Competition from existing products, new products, or potential generics to our products or to competitive products that may emerge; 
 Regulatory developments affecting our products and product candidates; 
 Increased costs as a result of inflation, unstable economic conditions and geopolitical events, including increases in compensation and professional expenses, cost of goods sold, and research and development expenses; and 
 Changes in reimbursement environment and regulatory changes. 
 Due to the various factors mentioned above, and others, the results of any prior quarterly period should not be relied upon as an indication of our future operating performance. If our quarterly operating results fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the price of our common stock could decline substantially. Furthermore, any quarterly fluctuations in our operating results may, in turn, cause the price of our stock to fluctuate substantially. 
 Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes may be limited or may expire prior to utilization. 
 Our ability to utilize our U.S. federal and state net operating losses is currently limited and may be limited further, under Sections 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. The limitations apply if an ownership change, as defined by Section 382, occurs. Generally, an ownership change occurs when certain shareholders change their aggregate ownership position by more than 50 percentage points over their lowest ownership percentage in a testing period, which is typically three years, or since the last ownership change. Our acquired tax attributes are subject to Section 382 limitations. As of December 31, 2022, we had U.S. Federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 416.7 million. Future changes in stock ownership may also trigger an additional ownership change and, consequently, another Section 382 limitation. 
 Any limitation may result in expiration of a portion of the net operating loss or tax credit carryforwards before utilization, which would reduce our gross deferred income tax assets. As a result, if we earn net taxable income, our ability to use our pre-change net operating loss carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards to reduce U.S. federal and state income tax may be subject to limitations, which could potentially result in increased future cash tax liability to us. 
 
 We identified material weaknesses in our internal controls which might cause stockholders to lose confidence in our financial and other public reporting, particularly if not remediated appropriately and timely, which in turn would harm our business and the trading price of our common stock. 
 Maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting is necessary for us to produce reliable financial statements. Effective internal control over financial reporting and adequate disclosure controls and procedures are designed to prevent fraud. 
 Our failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation, could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Moreover, we are required to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures in order to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be reported in our periodic reports filed with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified by the SEC's rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021 which persist on, a narrower basis, as of December 31, 2022. Refer to Part II, Item 9A for additional information regarding the material weaknesses and our remediation efforts. We have been implementing and will continue to implement measures designed to ensure that the control deficiencies contributing to the material weaknesses are remediated; however, we cannot provide assurances that these measures will be successful. If we are unable to remediate the material weaknesses or are unable to otherwise maintain 
 
 56 

Table of Contents ITEM 1 A. RI S K FACTORS. 

 effective internal control over financial reporting, our ability to report financial information timely and accurately could be adversely affected. As a result, we could lose investor confidence and become subject to litigation or investigations, which could adversely affect our business, operations, and financial condition and trading price of our Common Stock. 
 In addition, any testing conducted by us in connection with Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (SOX), or the subsequent testing by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with Section 404(b) of SOX, may reveal additional deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses. Any system of internal controls, however well designed and operated, is based in part on certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurances that the objectives of the system are met. If we continue to be unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures or remediate any material weakness, it could result in a material misstatement of our consolidated financial statements that would require a restatement or other materially deficient disclosures, investor confidence in the accuracy and timeliness of our financial reports and other disclosures may be adversely impacted, and the market price of our common shares could be negatively impacted. 
 We are required to disclose changes made in our internal control procedures on a quarterly basis. Our management is required to assess the effectiveness of these controls annually. The annual independent assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls is very expensive and could detect problems that our management's assessment might not. Undetected material weaknesses in our internal controls could lead to financial statement restatements and require us to incur the expense of remediation. 
 We devote significant resources and time in an effort to comply with the internal control over financial reporting requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. However, we cannot be certain that these measures will ensure that we design, implement, and maintain adequate control over our financial processes and reporting in the future. 
 The integration of acquired businesses, including the acquisition of Adamas in November 2021, may result in our systems and controls becoming increasingly complex and more difficult to manage, regardless of whether such acquired business was previously privately or publicly held. The integration of acquired businesses may also result in material challenges to the Company s control environment, including: managing a larger, more complex combined business; maintaining employee morale and retaining key management and other employees; unanticipated issues in integrating financial reporting, information technology infrastructure; and harmonizing the companies operating practices, internal controls, compliance programs and other policies, procedures, and processes. We may also encounter difficulties in addressing possible differences in business backgrounds, corporate cultures and management philosophies, and maintaining adequate staffing, which could potentially pose challenges in the implementation and operation of controls. We may also identify or fail to identify potential deficiencies in internal controls at the acquired or combined business level. 
 Any difficulties in the assimilation of acquired businesses into our internal control framework could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our financial reporting obligations. These risks, among others, could be heightened if we complete a large acquisition or other business venture or multiple transactions within a relatively short period of time. 
 We are continuing to refine our financial reporting and disclosure controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that the information that we are required to disclose in the reports that we will file with the SEC are properly recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. However, we have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021, which persists on a narrower basis, as of December 31, 2022. We have expended and anticipate that we will continue to expend significant resources in order to improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, including to remediate the material weaknesses that have been identified. Refer to Part II, Item 9A for additional information regarding the material weaknesses that have been identified and the status of our remediation efforts. 
 
 We have and may further expand our business through acquisitions of new product lines or businesses, which exposes us to various risks, including difficulties in integrating acquisitions. Our recent acquisition poses certain incremental risks to the Company. 
 Our acquisition strategy entails numerous risks. We completed the Adamas Acquisition in November 2021 and the USWM Acquisition in June 2020. 
 Our continued ability to grow through acquisitions will depend, in part, on the availability of suitable candidates at acceptable prices, terms, and conditions, our ability to compete effectively for acquisition candidates, and the availability of capital and personnel resources to complete such acquisitions and run and integrate the acquired business effectively. We anticipate competition for attractive candidates from other parties, some of whom have substantially greater financial and other resources than we have. Any acquisition, alliance, joint venture, investment, or partnership could impair our business, financial 
 
 57 

Table of Contents ITEM 1 A. RI S K FACTORS. 

 condition, reputation, and operating results. For instance, the benefits of an acquisition, or new alliance, joint venture, investment, or partnership may take more time than expected to develop or integrate into our operations, and we cannot guarantee that previous or future acquisitions, alliances, joint ventures, investments, or partnerships will, in fact, produce any benefits. Whether or not any particular acquisition is successfully completed, each of these activities is expensive and time consuming and would likely require our management to spend considerable time and effort to complete, which would detract from our management's ability to run our current business. Although we may spend considerable funds and efforts to pursue acquisitions, we may not be able to complete them. 
 Acquisitions, including our recent Adamas Acquisition and USWM Acquisition, may involve a number of risks, the occurrence of which could adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results, including: 
 Dilutive issuances of equity securities; 
 Incurrence of additional debt and contingent liabilities; 
 Increased amortization of expenses related to intangible assets; 
 Difficulties in the integration of the operations, technologies, services, and products of the acquired companies 
 Diversion of management's attention from our other business activities; 
 Assumption of debt and liabilities of the target company or any ongoing lawsuits 
 Failing to achieve anticipated revenues, profits, benefits, or cost savings; 
 Difficulty in coordinating, establishing, or expanding sales, distribution and marketing functions, as necessary; 
 Potential inability to realize the value of the acquired assets relative to the price paid; 
 Inaccurate assessment of additional post-acquisition, undisclosed, contingent, or other liabilities or problems, unanticipated costs associated with an acquisition and despite the existence of representations, warranties, and indemnities in any definitive agreement and, in the case of the USWM Acquisition or as may be applicable to future acquisitions, a representation and warranty insurance policy, an inability to recover or manage such liabilities and costs; 
 Possibility of incurring significant restructuring charges and amortization expense; 
 Potential impairment to assets that we recorded as a part of an acquisition, including intangible assets and goodwill; 
 Potential loss of key employees, customers or distribution partners; 
 Difficulties implementing and maintaining sufficient controls, policies, and procedures over the systems, products, and processes of the acquired company and the potential for deficiencies in internal controls at the acquired or combined business; and 
 Adverse tax consequences; 
 Reallocation of amounts of capital from other operating initiatives and/or an increase in our leverage and debt service requirements to pay acquisition purchase prices or other business venture investment costs, which could, in turn, restrict our ability to access additional capital when needed, result in a decrease in our credit rating, or limit our ability to pursue other important elements of our business strategy; 
 Failure by acquired businesses or other business ventures to comply with applicable international, federal, and state product safety or other regulatory standards; 
 Impacts as a result of purchase accounting adjustments, incorrect estimates made in the accounting for acquisitions, the incurrence of non-recurring charges, or other potential financial accounting or reporting impacts 
 The Company acquired Adamas through a tender offer for 8.10 per share in cash (or an aggregate of approximately 400 million), payable at closing plus two non-tradable contingent value rights (CVR) collectively worth up to 1.00 per share in cash (or an aggregate of approximately 50 million), for a total consideration of 9.10 per share in cash (or an aggregate of approximately 450 million). The first CVR, represents a contractual right to receive a contingent payment of 0.50 per share in cash, is payable upon achieving net sales of GOCOVRI of 150 million in any four consecutive quarters between closing and the 
 
 58 

Table of Contents ITEM 1 A. RI S K FACTORS. 

 end of 2024. The second CVR represents a contractual right to receive a contingent payment of 0.50 per share in cash, is payable upon achieving net sales of GOCOVRI of 225 million in any four consecutive quarters between closing and the end of 2025. 
 In regards to the USWM Acquisition, the Company acquired the right to further develop and commercialize APOKYN, XADAGO, and the Apomorphine Infusion Device (SPN-830) in the U.S. and MYOBLOC worldwide (the Products) for an upfront cash payment of 300 million and the potential for additional contingent consideration payments of up to 230 million. The potential 230 million in contingent consideration payments includes up to 130 million for the achievement of certain SPN-830 regulatory and commercial activities and up to 100 million related to future sales performance of the acquired products. The regulatory and commercial milestone activities include milestones related to FDA acceptance and approval of NDA and milestones dependent on the timing of NDA approval and commercial launch of SPN-830. Sales-based milestones are dependent on achievement of future product sales targets. 
 In addition, the assets acquired from the acquisitions, which included intangible assets, were recorded at their estimated fair value at the applicable date of acquisition. The fair value of intangible assets, including acquired in-process research and development (IPR D), were determined using information available as of the applicable acquisition date and were based on estimates and assumptions that were deemed reasonable by management. The fair value of these contingent consideration liabilities and the CVR is determined as of the applicable acquisition date using estimated or forecast inputs. Changes in any of the inputs or assumptions to the fair value estimate may result in a significantly different fair value adjustment, which may impact the results of operations in the period in which the adjustment is made. 
 We cannot assure you that we will be able to complete acquisitions that we believe are necessary to complement our growth strategy on acceptable terms or at all. Further, if we do successfully integrate the operations of any companies that we have acquired or subsequently acquire, we may not achieve the potential benefits of such acquisitions. If we do not achieve the anticipated benefits of acquisition as rapidly or to the extent anticipated by management, or if others do not perceive the same benefits of the acquisition as we do, there could be a material, adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition or results of operations. Further, we expect to incur substantial expenses in connection with the integration activities, and actual integration may result in additional and unforeseen expenses. 
 
 Any impairment in the value of our intangible assets, including goodwill, would negatively affect our operating results and total capitalization. 
 As part of the Adamas Acquisition and the USWM Acquisition, we acquired substantial intangible assets, including goodwill. We may not realize all the economic benefits from the acquisition, which could cause an impairment of goodwill or intangibles. We review our amortizable intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. We test goodwill for impairment at least annually. Factors that may cause a change in circumstances, indicating that the carrying value of our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets may not be recoverable, include a decline in our stock price and market capitalization, reduced future cash flow estimates if significant and prolonged negative industry or economic trends exist or significant changes occur in the competitive landscape and slower growth rates in industry segments in which we participate. For example, in February 2022 the FDA approved the first generic of APOKYN (apomorphine hydrochloride injection) to treat hypomobility "off" episodes ("end-of-dose wearing off" and unpredictable "on/off" episodes) associated with advanced Parkinson s Disease when it approved an application for drug cartridges for use with the APOKYN brand-name pen injector. At this time, we cannot forecast what impact, if any, the FDA's approval of this generic may have on sales of APOKYN, or the value of our intangible asset associated with APOKYN. We may be required to record a significant charge in our consolidated financial statements during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill or intangible assets is determined, negatively affecting our results of operations and equity book value, the effect of which could be material. 
 Although we have been profitable from operations since the fourth quarter of 2014, there is no assurance that we will continue to generate net income in the future. We may not be able to maintain or increase profitability. 
 In recent years, we have focused primarily on developing our current products and product candidates, with the goal of commercializing these products and supporting regulatory approval for our product candidates. We have financed our operations through revenue generated from operations and various transactions, including the following: 
 The execution of 150.0 million uncommitted demand secured credit line with a financial institution in February 2023 (the "Credit Line"); 
 The completion of our 402.5 million private placement of 0.625 Convertible Senior Notes (2023 Notes) in March 2018; 
 The 30.0 million monetization of certain future royalty streams in 2014, under our existing license for Orenitram; 
 
 59 

Table of Contents ITEM 1 A. RI S K FACTORS. 

 The completion of our 90.0 million private placement offering of 7.50 Convertible Senior Secured Notes (2019 Notes) in May 2013; 
 The completion of our follow-on 49.9 million equity offering in November 2012; and 
 The completion of our 52.3 million initial public offering in May 2012 
 Our ability to remain profitable depends upon our ability to generate the same or increasing levels of revenue from sales of our commercial products while simultaneously funding the requisite research expenditures to gain FDA approval for our product candidates. Since 2013, the first year in which we generated revenue from our first commercial products, we have demonstrated the ability to become and remain profitable. Future revenues will highly depend on our ability to maintain or grow demand for our products and defend against potential generic competition and successfully develop and commercialize our product candidates. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had retained earnings of approximately 481.2 million. However, prior to 2018, we reported accumulated deficit due to significant operating losses incurred since inception through 2014, substantially as a consequence of costs incurred in connection with our development programs, expenses associated with launching our products, and from selling, general and administrative costs associated with our operations. We expect our research and development costs to continue to be substantial and to increase as we advance our product candidates through preclinical studies, clinical trials, manufacturing scale-up, and other pre-approval activities. We expect our selling, general and administrative costs to continue to increase as we continue to support the ongoing commercialization of our products and to further increase in anticipation of launching our product candidates. 
 While we operated profitably in 2022, we cannot be certain that we will continue to do so. Any potential future losses, if and when they occur, could have an adverse impact on our stockholders' equity and working capital. 
 Risks Related to Securities Markets and Investment in Our Stock 
 The issuance of additional shares of our common stock, or instruments convertible into or rights to acquire shares or our common stock, or market sales of our common stock, could affect the market price of our common stock and the 2023 Notes. 
 We may conduct future offerings of our common stock, preferred stock, or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for our common stock to finance our operations, fund acquisitions, or for other purposes. Sales of our common stock, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares, could reduce the market price of our common stock, which would impair our ability to raise future capital through the sale of additional equity securities. 
 In addition, as of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding 54,253,796 shares of common stock, of which approximately 2,237,056 shares are restricted securities that may be sold in accordance with the resale restrictions under Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act), or pursuant to a resale registration statement. Also, as of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding options to purchase 5,797,569 shares of common stock that, if exercised, would result in these additional shares becoming available for sale. We have also registered all common stock subject to options, restricted stock units and performance stock units outstanding or reserved for issuance under our 2005 Stock Plan, 2012 Equity Incentive Plan, 2021 Equity Incentive Plan and 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. An aggregate of 3,757,018 and 777,822 shares of our common stock are reserved for future issuance under the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan and the 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, respectively. 
 The indenture for the 2023 Notes does not restrict our ability to issue additional equity securities in the future. If we issue additional shares of our common stock or issue rights to acquire shares of our common stock, if any of our existing stockholders sells a substantial amount of our common stock, or if the market perceives that such issuances or sales may occur, then the trading price of our common stock, and, accordingly, the 2023 Notes, may significantly decrease. In addition, our issuance of additional shares of common stock will dilute the ownership interests of our existing common stockholders, including noteholders who have received shares of our common stock upon conversion of their 2023 Notes. 
 The price of our common stock may fluctuate substantially. 
 The market price for our common stock historically has been volatile. In addition, the market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of factors, including: 
 Fluctuations in stock market prices for the U.S. stock market; 
 
 60 

Table of Contents ITEM 1 A. RI S K FACTORS. 

 The commercial performance of products, including Trokendi XR, Oxtellar XR, Qelbree, APOKYN, and GOCOVRI, or any of our product candidates that receive regulatory approval; 
 Substitution of our products in favor of generic versions of our products or competitors' products; 
 Status of patent infringement lawsuits, if applicable; 
 The filing of ANDAs by generic companies seeking approval to market generic versions of our products; 
 Plans for, progress in, and results from clinical trials of our product candidates generally; 
 FDA or international regulatory actions, including actions on regulatory applications for any of our product candidates; 
 Announcements of new products, services or technologies, commercial relationships, acquisitions, or other events by us or our competitors; 
 Market conditions and regulatory changes in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors; 
 Fluctuations in stock market prices and trading volumes of similar companies; 
 Variations in our quarterly operating results; 
 Changes in accounting principles; 
 Litigation or public concern about the safety of our products and/or potential products; 
 Fluctuations in our quarterly operating results; 
 Deviations in our operating results from the estimates of securities analysts; 
 Additions or departures of key personnel; 
 Sales or purchases of large blocks of our common stock, including sales by our executive officers, directors, and significant stockholders; 
 Changes in third-party coverage and reimbursement policies for our products and/or product candidates; and 
 Discussion by us of our stock price in the financial or scientific press or online investor communities. 
 The realization of any of the risks described in these "Risk Factors" could have a dramatic, material, and adverse impact on the market price of our common stock. In addition, class action litigation has often been instituted against companies whose securities have experienced periods of volatility. Any such litigation brought against us could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management attention, which could hurt our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 
 Anti-takeover provisions under our charter documents and Delaware law could delay or prevent a change of control, which could negatively impact the market price of our common stock. 
 Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as amended, may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control. These provisions include the following: 
 Our board of directors is divided into three classes, serving staggered three-year terms, such that not all members of the board will be elected at one time. This staggered board structure prevents stockholders from replacing the entire board at a single stockholders' meeting; 
 Our board of directors has the right to elect directors to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the board of directors or the resignation, death, or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board of directors; 
 Our board of directors may issue, without stockholder approval, shares of preferred stock. The ability to authorize preferred stock makes it possible for our board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to acquire us; 
 
 61 

Table of Contents ITEM 1 A. RI S K FACTORS. 

 Stockholders must provide advance notice to nominate individuals for election to the board of directors or to propose matters that can be acted upon at a stockholders' meeting. Furthermore, stockholders may only remove a member of our board of directors for cause. These provisions may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect such acquirer's own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our Company; 
 Our stockholders may not act by written consent. As a result, a holder, or holders, controlling a majority of our capital stock would not be able to take certain actions outside of a stockholders' meeting; 
 Special meetings of stockholders may be called only by the chairman of our board of directors or a majority of our board of directors. As a result, a holder, or holders, controlling a majority of our capital stock would not be able to call a special meeting; and 
 A supermajority (75 of the voting power of outstanding shares of our capital stock is required to amend, repeal or adopt any provision inconsistent with certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation and to amend our by-laws, which make it more difficult to change the provisions described above. 
 In addition, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which may prohibit certain business combinations with stockholders owning 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock. These and other provisions in our certificate of incorporation, our bylaws, and in the Delaware General Corporation Law could make it more difficult for stockholders or potential acquirers to obtain control of our board of directors or initiate actions that are opposed by the then-current board of directors. 
 To the extent outstanding stock options are exercised and restricted stock units and performance stock units vest there will be dilution to new investors. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had issued options to purchase 5,797,569 shares of common stock outstanding, with exercise prices ranging from 6.58 to 58.15 per share and a weighted average exercise price of 26.99 per share, as well as 131,960 unvested restricted stock units and 201,750 performance stock units. Upon the vesting of each of these options, the holder may exercise his or her options, and upon the vesting of the restricted stock units and performance stock units the holder will receive shares of common stock, which would, in any case, result in dilution to investors. 
 
 Our indebtedness and liabilities could limit the cash flow available for our operations, expose us to risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations, and impair our ability to satisfy our obligations under the notes. 
 We incurred 402.5 million of additional indebtedness as a result of the sale of 0.625 Convertible Senior Notes, which mature on April 1, 2023 (2023 Notes). During the first quarter of 2023, we entered into the Credit Line, an uncommitted demand secured credit line with a financial institution for up to 150.0 million. We may also incur additional indebtedness to meet future financing needs or otherwise refinance existing indebtedness. Our indebtedness could have significant negative consequences for our security holders and our business, results of operations, and financial condition by, among other things: 
 Increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 Limiting our ability to obtain additional financing; 
 Requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to service our indebtedness, which would reduce the amount of cash available for other purposes; 
 Limiting our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business; 
 Diluting the economic interests of our existing stockholders as a result of issuing shares of our common stock upon conversion of any convertible notes, notwithstanding any applicable convertible hedge and warrant transactions; and 
 Placing us at a possible competitive disadvantage with competitors that are less leveraged than us or have better access to capital. 
 Our business may not generate sufficient funds, and we may otherwise be unable to maintain sufficient cash reserves to pay amounts due under our indebtedness, including the 2023 Notes or the Credit Line. 
 
 62 

Table of Contents ITEM 1 A. RI S K FACTORS. 

 We may be unable to raise the funds necessary to repurchase the 2023 Notes for cash following a fundamental change or to pay any cash amounts due upon conversion, and our other indebtedness may limit our ability to repurchase the 2023 Notes or pay cash upon their conversion. 
 Noteholders may require us to repurchase their 2023 Notes following a fundamental change at a cash repurchase price generally equal to the principal amount of the notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest if any. In addition, upon conversion, we must satisfy part or all of our conversion obligation in cash unless we elect to settle conversions solely in shares of our common stock. We may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to repurchase the 2023 Notes or to pay the cash amounts due upon conversion. In addition, applicable law and/or regulatory authorities may restrict our ability to repurchase the 2023 Notes or to pay the cash amounts due upon conversion. Our failure to repurchase 2023 Notes or to pay the cash amounts due upon conversion when required will constitute a default under the indenture. A default under the indenture or the fundamental change itself could also lead to a default under agreements governing our other indebtedness, which may result in other indebtedness becoming immediately payable in full. We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy all amounts due under the other indebtedness and under the 2023 Notes. 
 Provisions in the indenture could delay or prevent an otherwise beneficial takeover of us. 
 Certain provisions in the 2023 Notes and the indenture could make a third party attempt to acquire us more difficult or expensive. For example, if a takeover constitutes a fundamental change, then noteholders will have the right to require us to repurchase their 2023 Notes for cash, and we may be required to temporarily increase the conversion rate of the 2023 Notes. In either case, and in other cases, our obligations under the 2023 Notes and the indenture could increase the cost of acquiring us, or otherwise discourage a third party from acquiring us, to remove incumbent management, including in a transaction that noteholders or holders of our common shares may view as favorable. 
 
 Our Credit Line is secured by a portfolio of marketable securities and we may be required to post additional collateral. 
 During the first quarter of 2023, we entered into the Credit Line, an uncommitted demand secured credit line with a financial institution for up to 150.0 million. The Credit Line is secured primarily by our portfolio of marketable securities, which is primarily comprised of corporate and U.S. government agency and municipal debt securities and may fluctuate in value. To the extent the value of the collateral decreases below the required collateral maintenance requirements we may be required to promptly post additional collateral. If we are unable to promptly post additional collateral, or reduce the level of borrowings pursuant to the credit line, the lender has the right, in its discretion, to liquidate, transfer, withdraw or sell all or any part of the collateral and apply the proceeds to the repay the borrowings. The prices realized by the lender in a liquidation may be lower than the prices that would be realized if such securities were sold under ordinary circumstances. 
 
 Our Credit Line is an uncommitted debt facility that may be terminated by the lender at any time. 
 Our Credit Line is an uncommitted debt facility and, accordingly, the lender may not provide funding to us when we request a borrowing thereunder. Additionally, the terms of the Credit Line permit the lender to terminate the Credit Line and demand full or partial payment of amounts borrowed thereunder at any time. Although we believe that our existing financing sources, including the Credit Line, are adequate for our current operations, reductions in our available credit, or the inability to draw on the Credit Line, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Changes in interest rates could adversely affect the profitability of the Company. 
 Borrowings pursuant to the Credit Line may be at variable or fixed rates. Although as of the March 1, 2023 the Company has not drawn from the Credit Line, it expects to do so in the future. To the extent the Company borrows funds pursuant to the Credit Line on a variable rate basis, the Company s debt obligation thereunder would be subject to changes in short-term interest rates. If interest rates were to increase, it would increase the Company s borrowing cost and it could reduce the Company s overall profitability. 
 The convertible note hedge transactions and the warrant transactions may affect the value of the notes and our common stock. 
 In connection with the pricing of the 2023 Notes, we entered into privately negotiated convertible note hedge transactions with the hedge counterparties. The convertible note hedge transactions cover, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments, the number of shares of common stock that will initially underlie the 2023 Notes sold. We also entered into separate, privately negotiated warrant transactions with the hedge counterparties relating to the same number of shares of our common stock, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. 
 
 63 

Table of Contents ITEM 1 A. RI S K FACTORS. 

 In connection with establishing their initial hedge positions with respect to the convertible note hedge transactions and the warrant transactions, we believe that the hedge counterparties and/or their affiliates entered into various cash-settled, over-the-counter derivative transactions with respect to our common stock and/or purchased shares of our common stock concurrently. In addition, we expect that the hedge counterparties and/or their affiliates will modify their hedge positions with respect to the convertible note hedge transactions and the warrant transactions from time to time, and are likely to do so during any observation period (as defined in the indenture) for the 2023 Notes, by purchasing and/or selling shares of our common stock and/or other securities of ours, including the 2023 Notes, in privately negotiated transactions and/or open-market transactions, or by entering into and/or unwinding various over-the-counter derivative transactions with respect to our common stock. 
 The effect, if any, of these activities on the market price of our common stock and the trading price of the 2023 Notes will depend on a variety of factors, including market conditions, and cannot be ascertained at this time. Any of these activities could, however, adversely affect the market price of our common stock and/or the trading price of the 2023 Notes and, consequently, adversely affect noteholders' ability to convert the 2023 Notes and/or affect the value of the consideration that you receive upon conversion of the 2023 Notes. In addition, the hedge counterparties and/or their affiliates may choose to engage in, or to discontinue engaging in, any of these transactions with or without notice at any time, and their decisions will be in their sole discretion and not within our control. 
 We are subject to counterparty risk with respect to the convertible note hedge transactions. 
 The hedge counterparties are financial institutions, and we will be subject to the risk that they might default in the fulfillment of their obligations under the convertible note hedge transactions. Our exposure to the credit risk of the hedge counterparties will not be secured by any collateral. 
 Global economic conditions have from time to time resulted in the actual or perceived failure or financial difficulties of many financial institutions. If a hedge counterparty becomes subject to insolvency proceedings, we will become an unsecured creditor in those proceedings, with a claim equal to our exposure at that time under our transactions with that hedge counterparty. Our exposure will depend on many factors, but, generally, the increase in our exposure will be correlated with the increase in the market price and in the volatility of our common stock. In addition, upon a default by a hedge counterparty, we may suffer adverse tax consequences and suffer more dilution than we currently anticipate with respect to our common stock. We can provide no assurances as to the financial stability or viability of any hedge counterparty. 
 Conversion of the 2023 Notes or exercise of the warrants evidenced by the warrant transactions may dilute the ownership interest of existing stockholders, including noteholders who have previously converted their 2023 Notes. 
 At our election, we may settle 2023 Notes tendered for conversion entirely or partly in shares of our common stock. Furthermore, the warrants evidenced by the warrant transactions are expected to be settled on a net-share basis. As a result, the conversion of some or all of the 2023 Notes or the exercise of some or all of such warrants may dilute the ownership interests of existing stockholders. Any sales in the public market of the common stock issuable upon such conversion of the 2023 Notes, or such exercise of the warrants, could adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock. In addition, the existence of the 2023 Notes may encourage short selling by market participants because the conversion of the 2023 Notes could depress the price of our common stock. 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 Obtaining and maintaining patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment, and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies. Our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 
 The USPTO and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment, and other provisions during the patent process. There are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or in lapse of a patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, competitors might be able to enter the market earlier than would otherwise have been the case, causing damage to our business. 
 
 Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover our legal claims or other losses that we may incur in the future. 
 We seek to minimize any losses we may incur through various insurance contracts from third-party insurance carriers. However, our insurance coverage is subject to large individual claim deductibles, individual claim and aggregate policy limits, and other terms and conditions. We cannot assure that our insurance will be sufficient to cover our losses. Further, due to rising 
 
 64 

Table of Contents ITEM 1 A. RI S K FACTORS. 

 insurance costs and changes in the insurance markets, we cannot provide assurance that insurance coverage will continue to be available on terms similar to those presently available to us or available at all. Any such losses not covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 We may be subject to claims that our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their former employers. 
 We employ individuals who were previously employed at other pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. As such, we may be subject to claims that we or these employees have used or disclosed trade secrets or disclosed other proprietary information of their former employers. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. 
 We may enter into significant, complex, and unusual transactions, which may require us to engage outside consultants and financial professionals in order to comply with complex accounting and reporting requirements. 
 From time to time, the Company may be presented with and may choose to enter into significant, complex, and unusual business or financial transactions, either to raise capital or in the context of entering into a business arrangement with a third party. These transactions may entail complex accounting or financial reporting requirements, with which we may not be familiar. Accordingly, we may need to hire additional personnel or retain the services of outside accounting, financial reporting, and legal experts to guide both the transaction and to assist management in becoming compliant with the attendant financial reporting requirements. Acquiring such additional resources could increase our legal and financial compliance costs, divert management's attention from other matters, and/or make certain activities more time consuming. 
 Given the complexity of such transactions, there is an inherent risk regarding compliance with financial reporting requirements. Because the relevant regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretation, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, their application in practice may evolve over time, as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies, and as the market gains familiarity with these requirements. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and on-going financial reporting requirements. 
 If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations, and accounting standards differ from the intentions of regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to their application and practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us, and our business may be adversely affected. 
 Our operations rely on sophisticated information technology, systems, and infrastructure, a disruption of which could harm our operations. 
 We may not be able to make improvements to our management information and control systems in an efficient or timely manner and may discover deficiencies in existing systems and controls. In addition, we rely on various information technology, and systems, some of which are dependent on services provided by third parties, to manage our technology platform and operations. These systems provide critical data and services for internal and external users, including procurement, inventory management, transaction processing, financial, commercial, and operational data, human resources management, legal and tax compliance, financial reporting, and other information necessary to operate and manage our business. These systems are complex and are frequently updated as technology improves. This includes software and hardware that is licensed, leased, or purchased from third parties. If our information technology, equipment, or systems fail to function properly due to internal errors or defects, implementation or integration issues, catastrophic events, or power outages, we may experience a material disruption in our ability to manage our business operations. Failure or disruption of these systems could have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. In addition, we may not be able to make improvements to our management information and control systems in an efficient or timely manner and may discover deficiencies in existing systems and controls. Any failure to manage, expand, or update our information technology infrastructure, or any failure in the operation of this infrastructure, could harm our business. 
 We may need additional funding and may be unable to raise capital when needed, which would force us to delay, reduce or eliminate our product development programs, commercialization, or business development efforts. 
 Developing or acquiring product candidates, conducting clinical trials, establishing manufacturing relationships and marketing drugs are expensive and uncertain processes. 
 
 65 

Table of Contents ITEM 1 A. RI S K FACTORS. 

 In addition, unforeseen circumstances may arise, or our strategic imperatives could change, causing us to consume capital significantly faster than we currently anticipate, requiring us to raise additional funds. We have no committed external sources of funds. 
 The amount and timing of our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to: 
 Our ability to successfully support our products in the marketplace and the rate of increase in the level of sales in the marketplace; 
 The rate of progress, clinical success, and cost of our trials and other product development programs for our product candidates; 
 The costs and timing of in-licensing product candidates or acquiring other complementary companies; 
 The timing of any regulatory approvals of our product candidates; 
 The actions of our competitors and their success in selling competitive product offerings, including generics; and 
 The status, terms, and timing of any collaborative, licensing, co-promotion, or other arrangement. 
 Additional financing may not be available in the amount we require or may not be available on terms that are favorable to us or at all. We may seek additional capital due to favorable market conditions or strategic considerations, even if we believe we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans. If adequate funds are not available to us on a timely basis, or at all, we may be required to delay, reduce the scope of, or eliminate one or more of our development programs, our commercialization efforts, or strategic initiatives. 
 
 Complying with increased financial reporting and securities laws reporting requirements has increased our costs and requires additional management resources. We may fail to meet these obligations. 
 We face increased legal, accounting, administrative, and other costs and expenses as a public company. Compliance with Section 404 of SOX, the Dodd-Frank Act of 2010, as well as rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and NASDAQ, for example, has resulted in significant initial cost to us as well as ongoing increases in our legal, audit and financial reporting costs. As of the beginning of 2017, we transitioned from "accelerated filer" to "large accelerated filer" status, which led to further increases in our legal, audit, NASDAQ listing fees, and financial compliance costs. The Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly, and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition. Our board of directors, management, and outside advisors need to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, these rules and regulations make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance and require us to incur substantial and increasing costs to maintain the same or similar coverage. 
 As a public company, we are subject to Section 404 of SOX relating to internal control over financial reporting. We have and expect to continue to incur significant expense and to devote substantial management effort toward ensuring compliance with Section 404. We have hired additional accounting and financial staff with appropriate public company experience and technical accounting knowledge. We expect that we will have to compete in the marketplace for qualified accounting and financial staff, and we may have difficulties identifying and attracting qualified persons. 
 Implementing any necessary changes to our internal controls may require specific compliance training for our directors, officers, and employees, entail substantial costs to modify or replace our existing accounting systems, and take a significant period of time to complete. Such changes may not, however, be effective in maintaining the adequacy of our internal controls. Any failure to maintain that adequacy, or consequent inability to produce accurate consolidated financial statements or other reports on a timely basis, could increase our operating costs and could materially impair our ability to operate our business. We cannot give assurance that our internal control over financial reporting will prove to be effective. 
 We have never paid dividends on our capital stock. Because we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be your sole source of gain on an investment in our common stock. 
 We have paid no cash dividends on any of our classes of capital stock to date, and we currently intend to retain our future earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of our business. We do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be your sole source of gain for 
 
 66 

Table of Contents ITEM 1 A. RI S K FACTORS. 

 the foreseeable future. There is no guarantee that shares of our common stock will appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which our stockholders have purchased their shares. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports or publish unfavorable research or reports about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us, our business, our market, or our competitors. If securities or industry analysts presently covering our business do not continue such coverage, or if additional securities or industry analysts do not commence coverage of our Company, the trading price for our stock could be negatively impacted. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrades our stock, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases to cover us or fails to regularly publish reports on us, interest in our stock could decrease, which could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. 
 We may not be able to maintain an active public market for our common stock. 
 We cannot predict the extent to which investor interest in our common stock will allow us to maintain an active trading market on the NASDAQ Global Market or a similar market or how liquid that market might be. If an active public market is not sustained, it may be difficult to sell shares of common stock at a price that is attractive to the investor or at all. Further, an inactive market may also impair our ability to raise capital by selling shares of our common stock or may impair our ability to enter into strategic partnerships or acquire companies or products, product candidates, or technologies by using our shares of common stock as consideration. 
 Unstable market and economic conditions may have serious adverse consequences on our business, financial condition and stock price. 
 As a result of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, economic conditions and other geopolitical events, the global credit and financial markets have experienced extreme volatility and disruptions, which has included severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, and increases in inflation and uncertainty about economic stability. The financial markets, global economy and supply chains have and may continue to be adversely affected by the pandemic, economic conditions and current or anticipated geopolitical events, including the impact of military conflicts, sanctions imposed in response to such conflicts, and any economic countermeasures by the affected countries or others could exacerbate market and economic instability. There can be no assurance that further deterioration in supply chains, credit and financial markets and confidence in economic conditions will not occur. Our general business strategy may be adversely affected by any such economic downturn, volatile business environment, inflationary economic environment or continued unpredictable and unstable market conditions, including disruption to enrollment within our ongoing clinical trials and our ability to purchase necessary supplies on acceptable terms, if at all, and increased costs in compensation levels to recruit and retain qualified personnel and to carry out ongoing and future clinical trials. If the current equity and credit markets deteriorate, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult, more costly and more dilutive. Failure to secure any necessary financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy, financial performance and stock price and could require us to delay or abandon clinical development plans. In addition, there is a risk that one or more of our current service providers, suppliers or other partners may not survive an economic downturn or rising inflation, which could directly affect our ability to attain our operating goals on schedule and on budget. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 9715 and 9717 Key West Avenue, Rockville, Maryland, where we occupy approximately 136,016 square feet of laboratory and office space. The term of this lease commenced on February 1, 2019, and shall continue until April 30, 2034. We believe that these facilities are sufficient for our present and contemplated operations. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 From time to time and in the ordinary course of business, Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ("Company") and any of its subsidiaries may be subject to various claims, charges and litigation. Parent and any of its subsidiaries may be required to file infringement claims against third parties for the infringement of our patents. 
 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 Oxtellar XR 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. v. Apotex Inc., et al., C.A. No. 20-cv-7870 (FLW)(TJB) (D.N.J.) 
 The Company received a Paragraph IV Notice Letter from generic drug makers Apotex Inc. and Apotex Corp. (collectively, Apotex dated May 13, 2020 directed to nine of its Oxtellar XR Orange Book patents. Supernus s U.S. Patent Nos. 7,722,898; 7,910,131; 8,617,600; 8,821,930; 9,119,791; 9,351,975; 9,370,525; 9,855,278; and 10,220,042 generally cover once-a-day oxcarbazepine formulations and methods of treating seizures using those formulations. The FDA Orange Book lists all nine of the Company s Oxtellar XR patents as expiring on April 13, 2027. On June 26, 2020, the Company filed a lawsuit against Apotex alleging infringement of the Company s nine patents. The Complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey alleges, inter alia, that Apotex infringed the Company s Oxtellar XR patents by submitting to the FDA an Abbreviated New Drug Application ANDA seeking to market a generic version of Oxtellar XR prior to the expiration of the Company s patents. Filing its June 26, 2020 Complaint within 45 days of receiving Apotex s Paragraph IV certification notice entitles Supernus to an automatic stay preventing the FDA from approving Apotex s ANDA for 30 months from the date of the Company s receipt of the Paragraph IV Notice Letter. On September 4, 2020, Apotex answered the Complaint and denied the substantive allegations of the Complaint, asserting affirmative defenses that include non-infringement and invalidity. Apotex also asserted Counterclaims seeking declaratory judgments of non-infringement for the nine Oxtellar XR Orange Book patents. On October 30, 2020, the Company filed its Reply, denying the substantive allegations of Apotex s Counterclaims. On January 27, 2022, the Court issued an Order staying all litigation proceedings and administratively terminated the action. The Court lifted the stay on July 1, 2022. Pursuant to the Court s January 27, 2022 and July 1, 2022 Orders, the 30-month Stay was extended by 152 days from November 14, 2022 to April 15, 2023. On August 1, 2022, the Court issued an Order consolidating this lawsuit with another pending lawsuit against Apotex, C.A. No. 22-cv-322 (D.N.J.), discussed in Section II, below. The Court issued a revised Scheduling Order on December 20, 2022 that further extends the 30-month stay. The Court issued another Scheduling Order on February 17, 2023 that provides for a final pre-trial conference and trial in June 2023. Pretrial discovery is ongoing as of the date of this submission. 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. v. Apotex Inc., et al., C.A. No. 22-cv-322 (FLW)(TJB) (D.N.J.) 
 The Company received a Paragraph IV Notice Letter from generic drug makers Apotex Inc. and Apotex Corp. (collectively, Apotex dated December 10, 2021 directed to one of its Oxtellar XR Orange Book patents. Supernus s U.S. Patent No. 11,166,960 generally covers once-a-day oxcarbazepine formulations and methods of treating seizures using those formulations. The FDA Orange Book lists U.S. Patent No. 11,166,960 as expiring on April 13, 2027. On January 24, 2022, the Company filed a lawsuit against Apotex alleging infringement of U.S. Patent No. 11,166,960. The Complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey alleges, inter alia, that Apotex infringed U.S. Patent No. 11,166,960 by submitting to the FDA an Abbreviated New Drug Application ANDA seeking to market a generic version of Oxtellar XR prior to the expiration of U.S. Patent No. 11,166,960. On January 27, 2022, in related action, C.A. No. 20-cv-7870 (D.N.J.), the Court issued an Order staying all litigation proceedings and administratively terminated that related action. That Order further indicated that this action, i.e., C.A. No. 22-cv-322 (D.N.J.), will also be stayed. The Court lifted the stay of both actions on July 1, 2022. Pursuant to the Court s January 27, 2022 and July 1, 2022 Orders, the 30-month Stay was extended by 152 days from November 14, 2022 to April 15, 2023. On August 1, 2022, the Court issued an Order consolidating this lawsuit with another pending lawsuit against Apotex, C.A. No. 20-cv-7870 (D.N.J.), discussed in Section 1, above, and administratively terminated C.A. No. 22-cv-322. As of the date of this submission, C.A. No. 22-cv-322 (D.N.J.) remains administratively terminated. 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. v. RiconPharma LLC, et al., C.A. No. 21-cv-12133 (KM)(MAH) (D.N.J.) 
 The Company received a Paragraph IV Notice Letter from generic drug maker RiconPharma LLC dated April 20, 2021 directed to nine of its Oxtellar XR Orange Book patents. Supernus s U.S. Patent Nos. 7,722,898; 7,910,131; 8,617,600; 8,821,930; 9,119,791; 9,351,975; 9,370,525; 9,855,278; and 10,220,042 generally cover once-a-day oxcarbazepine formulations and methods of treating seizures using those formulations. The FDA Orange Book lists all nine of the Company s Oxtellar XR patents as expiring on April 13, 2027. On June 3, 2021, the Company filed a lawsuit against RiconPharma LLC and Ingenus Pharmaceuticals, LLC (collectively, Ricon alleging infringement of the Company s nine Oxtellar XR patents. The Complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey alleges, inter alia, that Ricon infringed the Company s Oxtellar XR patents by submitting to the FDA an Abbreviated New Drug Application ANDA seeking to market a generic version of Oxtellar XR prior to the expiration of the Company s patents. Filing its June 3, 2021 Complaint within 45 days of receiving Ricon s Paragraph IV certification notice entitles Supernus to an automatic stay preventing the FDA from approving Ricon s ANDA for 30 months from the date of the Company s receipt of the Paragraph IV Notice Letter. On August 30, 2021, Ricon answered the Complaint and denied the substantive allegations of the Complaint, asserting affirmative defenses that include non-infringement and invalidity. Ricon also asserted Counterclaims seeking declaratory judgments of non infringement for the nine Oxtellar XR Orange Book patents. Supernus filed a motion to strike the jury demand in Ricon s answer. On December 6, 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 2021, the Court signed an Order withdrawing the Jury demand from Ricon s answer. On December 13, 2021, Ricon filed an amended Answer to Supernus s Complaint. On December 15, 2021, the Company filed its reply, denying the substantive allegations of Ricon s Counterclaims. On November 22, 2022, the Court issued an Order consolidating for all purposes this lawsuit with another pending lawsuit against Ricon, C.A. No. 22-cv-6340 (D.N.J.), discussed in Section IV below. The Court issued a revised Scheduling Order on February 9, 2023 that provides a Joint Final Pretrial Order deadline of January 11, 2024. Pretrial discovery is ongoing as of the date of this submission. 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. v. RiconPharma LLC, et al., C.A. No. 22-cv-6340 (KM)(MAH) (D.N.J.) 
 The Company received a Paragraph IV Notice Letter from generic drug maker RiconPharma, LLC Ricon dated October 7, 2022 directed to one of its Oxtellar XR Orange Book patents. Supernus s U.S. Patent No. 11,166,960 generally covers once-a-day oxcarbazepine formulations and methods of treating seizures using those formulations. The FDA Orange Book lists U.S. Patent No. 11,166,960 as expiring on April 13, 2027. On October 28, 2022, the Company filed a lawsuit against Ricon alleging infringement of U.S. Patent No. 11,166,960. The Complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey alleges, inter alia, that Ricon infringed U.S. Patent No. 11,166,960 by submitting to the FDA an Abbreviated New Drug Application ANDA seeking to market a generic version of Oxtellar XR prior to the expiration of U.S. Patent No. 11,166,960. On November 22, 2022, the Court issued an Order consolidating for all purposes this lawsuit with another pending lawsuit against Ricon, C.A. No. 21-cv-12133 (D.N.J.), discussed in Section III above. The Court further ordered that this action, C.A. No. 22-cv-6340 (D.N.J.), be administratively terminated. 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. v. Ajanta Pharma Limited, C.A. No. 22-cv-1431 (D. Del.) 
 The Company received a Paragraph IV Notice Letter from generic drug maker Ajanta Pharma Limited Ajanta dated September 19, 2022, advising the Company of the filing by Ajanta of an Abbreviated New Drug Application with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA seeking approval for Oxcarbazepine Extended-Release Tablets, 150 mg, 300 mg, and 600 mg. The Notice Letter is directed to the Oxtellar XR Orange Book patents, namely United States Patent Nos. 7,722,898, 7,910,131, 8,617,600, 8,821,930, 9,119,791, 9,351,975, 9,370,525, 9,855,278, 10,220,042, and 11,166,960. These patents generally cover once-a-day oxcarbazepine formulations and methods of treating seizures using those formulations. The FDA Orange Book currently lists all ten of the Oxtellar XR Orange Book patents as expiring on April 13, 2027. On October 28, 2022, the Company filed a lawsuit against Ajanta alleging infringement of the Company s ten Oxtellar XR patents. The Complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware alleges, inter alia, that Ajanta infringed the Company s Oxtellar XR patents by submitting to the FDA an Abbreviated New Drug Application ANDA seeking to market a generic version of Oxtellar XR prior to the expiration of the Company s patents. Filing its October 28, 2022 Complaint within 45 days of receiving Ajanta s Paragraph IV certification notice entitles Supernus to an automatic stay preventing the FDA from approving Ajanta s ANDA for 30 months from the date of the Company s receipt of the Paragraph IV Notice Letter. On January 3, 2023, Ajanta answered the Complaint and denied the substantive allegations of the Complaint, asserting affirmative defenses that include non-infringement and invalidity. Ajanta also asserted Counterclaims seeking declaratory judgments of non-infringement and invalidity. On January 24, 2023, the Company filed its Reply, denying the substantive allegations of Ajanta s Counterclaims. As of the date of this submission, the Court has not issued a case schedule. 
 Trokendi XR 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. v. Ajanta Pharma Limited, et al., C.A. No. 21-cv-6964 (GC)(LHG) (D.N.J.) 
 The Company received a Paragraph IV Notice Letter from generic drug maker Ajanta Pharma Limited dated February 10, 2021 directed to ten of its Trokendi XR Orange Book patents. Supernus s U.S. Patent Nos. 8,298,576; 8,298,580; 8,663,683; 8,877,248; 8,889,191; 8,992,989; 9,549,940; 9,555,004; 9,622,983; and 10,314,790 generally cover once-a-day topiramate formulations and methods of treating or preventing seizures and migraines using those formulations. The FDA Orange Book currently lists United States Patent No. 8,298,576 as expiring on April 4, 2028 and United States Patent Nos. 8,298,580; 8,663,683; 8,877,248; 8,889,191; 8,992,989; 9,549,940; 9,555,004; 9,622,983; and 10,314,790 as expiring on November 16, 2027. On March 26, 2021, the Company filed a lawsuit against Ajanta Pharma Limited and Ajanta Pharma USA Inc. (collectively Ajanta alleging infringement of the Company s Trokendi XR Orange Book patents. The Complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey alleges, inter alia, that Ajanta infringed the Company s Trokendi XR patents by submitting to the FDA an Abbreviated New Drug Application ANDA seeking to market a generic version of Trokendi XR prior to the expiration of the Company s patents. Filing its March 26, 2021 Complaint within 45 days of receiving Ajanta s Paragraph IV certification notice entitles Supernus to an automatic stay preventing the FDA from approving Ajanta s ANDA for 30 months from the date of the Company s receipt of the Paragraph IV Notice Letter. On June 7, 2021, Ajanta answered the Complaint and denied the substantive allegations of the Complaint, asserting affirmative defenses that include non-infringement and invalidity. Ajanta also asserted Counterclaims seeking declaratory judgments of non infringement and 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 invalidity for the Trokendi XR Orange Book patents. On June 28, 2021, the Company filed its reply, denying the substantive allegations of Ajanta s Counterclaims. Following the initial Rule 16 Scheduling Conference, the Court issued a case schedule. On December 17, 2021, the Court issued an order consolidating this lawsuit with the lawsuit against Torrent, discussed in Section VII below. The consolidation order extended the 30 month stay preventing the FDA from approving Ajanta s ANDA to December 16, 2023. On January 24, 2023, the Court amended the scheduling order. Under the amended scheduling order, the Final Pretrial Conference is set for June 26, 2023. The amended scheduling order states that trial will begin on July 24, 2023. Pretrial discovery is ongoing as of the date of this submission. 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. v. Torrent Pharmaceuticals Ltd., et al., C.A. No. 21-cv-14268 (GC)(LHG) (D.N.J.) 
 The Company received a Paragraph IV Notice Letter from generic drug maker Torrent Pharmaceuticals Ltd. dated June 15, 2021 directed to ten of its Trokendi XR Orange Book patents. Supernus s U.S. Patent Nos. 8,298,576; 8,298,580; 8,663,683; 8,877,248; 8,889,191; 8,992,989; 9,549,940; 9,555,004; 9,622,983; and 10,314,790 generally cover once-a-day topiramate formulations and methods of treating or preventing seizures and migraines using those formulations. The FDA Orange Book currently lists United States Patent No. 8,298,576 as expiring on April 4, 2028 and United States Patent Nos. 8,298,580; 8,663,683; 8,877,248; 8,889,191; 8,992,989; 9,549,940; 9,555,004; 9,622,983; and 10,314,790 as expiring on November 16, 2027. On July 28, 2021, the Company filed a lawsuit against Torrent Pharmaceuticals Ltd. and Torrent Pharma Inc. (collectively, Torrent alleging infringement of the Company s Trokendi XR Orange Book patents. The Complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey alleges, inter alia, that Torrent infringed the Company s Trokendi XR patents by submitting to the FDA an Abbreviated New Drug Application ANDA seeking to market a generic version of Trokendi XR prior to the expiration of the Company s patents. Filing its July 28, 2021 Complaint within 45 days of receiving Torrent s Paragraph IV certification notice entitles Supernus to an automatic stay preventing the FDA from approving Torrent s ANDA for 30 months from the date of the Company s receipt of the Paragraph IV Notice Letter. On September 29, 2021, Torrent answered the Complaint and denied the substantive allegations of the Complaint, asserting affirmative defenses that include non-infringement and invalidity. Torrent also asserted Counterclaims seeking declaratory judgments of non infringement for the Trokendi XR Orange Book patents. On November 3, 2021, the Company filed its reply, denying the substantive allegations of Torrent s Counterclaims. Following the initial Rule 16 Scheduling Conference, the Court issued a case schedule. On December 17, 2021, the Court issued an order consolidating this lawsuit with the lawsuit against Ajanta, discussed in Section VI, above. On January 24, 2023, the Court amended the scheduling order. Under the amended scheduling order, the Final Pretrial Conference is set for June 26, 2023. The amended scheduling order states that trial will begin on July 24, 2023. Pretrial discovery is ongoing as of the date of this submission. 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. v. Lupin Limited, et al., C.A. No. 21-cv-1293 (MN) (D. Del.) 
 The Company received a Paragraph IV Notice Letter from generic drug maker Lupin Limited dated July 29, 2021 directed to ten of its Trokendi XR Orange Book patents. Supernus s U.S. Patent Nos. 8,298,576; 8,298,580; 8,663,683; 8,877,248; 8,889,191; 8,992,989; 9,549,940; 9,555,004; 9,622,983; and 10,314,790 generally cover once-a-day topiramate formulations and methods of treating or preventing seizures and migraines using those formulations. The FDA Orange Book currently lists United States Patent No. 8,298,576 as expiring on April 4, 2028 and United States Patent Nos. 8,298,580; 8,663,683; 8,877,248; 8,889,191; 8,992,989; 9,549,940; 9,555,004; 9,622,983; and 10,314,790 as expiring on November 16, 2027. On September 10, 2021, the Company filed a lawsuit against Lupin Limited, Lupin Atlantis Holdings S.A., Nanomi B.V., Lupin Inc., and Lupin Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (collectively, Lupin alleging infringement of the Company s Trokendi XR Orange Book patents. The Complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware alleges, inter alia, that Lupin infringed the Company s Trokendi XR patents by submitting to the FDA an Abbreviated New Drug Application ANDA seeking to market a generic version of Trokendi XR prior to the expiration of the Company s patents. Filing its September 10, 2021 Complaint within 45 days of receiving Lupin s Paragraph IV certification notice entitles Supernus to an automatic stay preventing the FDA from approving Lupin s ANDA for 30 months from the date of the Company s receipt of the Paragraph IV Notice Letter. On December 20, 2021, Lupin answered the Complaint and denied the substantive allegations of the Complaint, asserting affirmative defenses that include non-infringement and invalidity. Lupin also asserted Counterclaims seeking declaratory judgments of non infringement and invalidity for the Trokendi XR Orange Book patents. On January 10, 2022, the Company filed its reply, denying the substantive allegations of Lupin s Counterclaims. On February 13, 2023, the Court issued a revised scheduling order that provides for the Final Pretrial Conference on January 11, 2024, and a 5-day bench trial beginning on January 22, 2024. Pretrial discovery is ongoing as of the date of this submission. 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. v. Zydus Pharmaceuticals (USA) Inc., et al., C.A. No. 21-cv-17104 (GC)(LHG) (D.N.J.) 
 The Company received a Paragraph IV Notice Letter from generic drug maker Zydus Pharmaceuticals (USA) Inc. dated August 5, 2021 directed to ten of its Trokendi XR Orange Book patents. Supernus s U.S. Patent Nos. 8,298,576; 8,298,580; 8,663,683; 8,877,248; 8,889,191; 8,992,989; 9,549,940; 9,555,004; 9,622,983; and 10,314,790 generally cover once-a-day 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 topiramate formulations and methods of treating or preventing seizures and migraines using those formulations. The FDA Orange Book currently lists United States Patent No. 8,298,576 as expiring on April 4, 2028 and United States Patent Nos. 8,298,580; 8,663,683; 8,877,248; 8,889,191; 8,992,989; 9,549,940; 9,555,004; 9,622,983; and 10,314,790 as expiring on November 16, 2027. On September 17, 2021, the Company filed a lawsuit against Zydus Pharmaceuticals (USA) Inc. and Cadila Healthcare Limited (collectively, Zydus alleging infringement of the Company s Trokendi XR Orange Book patents. The Complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey alleges, inter alia, that Zydus infringed the Company s Trokendi XR patents by submitting to the FDA an Abbreviated New Drug Application ANDA seeking to market a generic version of Trokendi XR prior to the expiration of the Company s patents. Filing its September 17, 2021 Complaint within 45 days of receiving Zydus s Paragraph IV certification notice entitles Supernus to an automatic stay preventing the FDA from approving Zydus s ANDA for 30 months from the date of the Company s receipt of the Paragraph IV Notice Letter. The August 5, 2021 Paragraph IV Notice Letter from Zydus Pharmaceuticals (USA) Inc. concerns Zydus s proposed generic equivalent of the 200 mg strength of Trokendi XR . [1] The August 5, 2021 Paragraph IV Notice Letter referenced herein does not concern the same ANDA as the one that was at issue in the previous lawsuit. On December 28, 2021, Zydus answered the Complaint and denied the substantive allegations of the Complaint, asserting affirmative defenses that include non-infringement and invalidity. On April 29, 2022, the Court issued a scheduling order. The Company entered into a settlement agreement with Zydus, and on January 6, 2023, a stipulation of dismissal without prejudice was entered by the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey. The agreement has been submitted to the applicable governmental agencies. 
 ___________________ 
 [1] Previously, the Company was in a lawsuit against Zydus Pharmaceuticals (USA) Inc. and Cadila Healthcare Limited concerning an Abbreviated New Drug Application ANDA for Zydus s proposed generic equivalents of the 25 mg, 50 mg, and 100 mg strengths of Trokendi XR . A settlement agreement was entered into between the Company and Zydus Pharmaceuticals (USA) Inc. and Cadila Healthcare Limited concerning the previous lawsuit. See https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1356576/000110465917031191/a17-10293_1ex10d1.htm. 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. v. Alkem Laboratories Ltd., C.A. No. 22-cv-3511 (EEB)(SRH) (N.D. Ill.) 
 The Company received a Paragraph IV Notice Letter from generic drug maker Alkem Laboratories Ltd. dated May 25, 2022 directed to ten of its Trokendi XR Orange Book patents. Supernus s U.S. Patent Nos. 8,298,576; 8,298,580; 8,663,683; 8,877,248; 8,889,191; 8,992,989; 9,549,940; 9,555,004; 9,622,983; and 10,314,790 generally cover once-a-day topiramate formulations and methods of treating or preventing seizures and migraines using those formulations. The FDA Orange Book currently lists United States Patent No. 8,298,576 as expiring on April 4, 2028 and United States Patent Nos. 8,298,580; 8,663,683; 8,877,248; 8,889,191; 8,992,989; 9,549,940; 9,555,004; 9,622,983; and 10,314,790 as expiring on November 16, 2027. On July 6, 2022, the Company filed a lawsuit against Alkem Laboratories Ltd. Alkem alleging infringement of the Company s Trokendi XR Orange Book patents. The Complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois alleges, inter alia, that Alkem infringed the Company s Trokendi XR patents by submitting to the FDA an Abbreviated New Drug Application ANDA seeking to market a generic version of Trokendi XR prior to the expiration of the Company s patents. Filing its July 6, 2022 Complaint within 45 days of receiving Alkem s Paragraph IV certification notice entitles Supernus to an automatic stay preventing the FDA from approving Alkem s ANDA for 30 months from the date of the Company s receipt of the Paragraph IV Notice Letter. On October 3, 2022, Alkem answered the Complaint and denied the substantive allegations of the Complaint, asserting affirmative defenses that include non-infringement and invalidity. On October 26, 2022, the Court issued a scheduling order. The scheduling order states that the Pretrial Conference will be in May 2024 and that trial will commence in June 2024. Pretrial discovery is ongoing as of the date of this submission. 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. v. Dr. Reddy's Laboratories, Ltd., et al., C.A. No. 22-cv-4705 (GC)(LHG) (D.N.J.) 
 The Company received a Paragraph IV Notice Letter from generic drug makers Dr, Reddy s Laboratories Ltd. and Dr. Reddy s Laboratories, Inc. dated June 9, 2022 directed to ten of its Trokendi XR Orange Book patents. Supernus s U.S. Patent Nos. 8,298,576; 8,298,580; 8,663,683; 8,877,248; 8,889,191; 8,992,989; 9,549,940; 9,555,004; 9,622,983; and 10,314,790 generally cover once-a-day topiramate formulations and methods of treating or preventing seizures and migraines using those formulations. The FDA Orange Book currently lists United States Patent No. 8,298,576 as expiring on April 4, 2028 and United States Patent Nos. 8,298,580; 8,663,683; 8,877,248; 8,889,191; 8,992,989; 9,549,940; 9,555,004; 9,622,983; and 10,314,790 as expiring on November 16, 2027. On July 22, 2022, the Company filed a lawsuit against Dr, Reddy s Laboratories Ltd. and Dr. Reddy s Laboratories, Inc. DRL alleging infringement of the Company s Trokendi XR Orange Book patents. The Complaint filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey alleges, inter alia, that DRL infringed the Company s Trokendi XR patents by submitting to the FDA an Abbreviated New Drug Application ANDA seeking to market a generic version of Trokendi XR prior to the expiration of the Company s patents. Filing its July 22, 2022 Complaint within 45 days of receiving DRL s Paragraph IV certification notice entitles Supernus to an automatic stay preventing the FDA from approving DRL s ANDA for 30 months from the date of the Company s receipt of the Paragraph IV Notice Letter. On October 7, 2022, DRL answered the Complaint and denied the substantive allegations of the Complaint, asserting affirmative defenses that include 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 non-infringement and invalidity. On February 21, 2023, the Court issued a Scheduling Order that sets the Final Pretrial Conference on June 24, 2024 and the trial to begin on July 22, 2024. Pretrial discovery is ongoing as of the date of this submission. 
 APOKYN 
 Sage Chemical, Inc., et al. v. Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc., et al., C.A. No. 22-cv-1302 (CFC) (D. Del.) 
 On October 3, 2022, Sage Chemical, Inc. and TruPharma, LLC filed a lawsuit in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware alleging that Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Britannia Pharmaceuticals Limited (Britannia), and US WorldMeds Partners, LLC (US WorldMeds) violated state and federal antitrust law in connection with APOKYN (apomorphine HCl). On October 16, 2022, Plaintiffs amended their complaint to add additional defendants MDD US Enterprises, LLC, MDD US Operations, LLC (each subsidiaries of Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc.), USWM, LLC USWM ), Paul Breckinridge Jones, Sr., Herbert Lee Warren, Jr., Henry Van Den Berg, and Kristin L. Gullo. On January 10, 2023, Defendants filed an Omnibus Motion to Dismiss the Amended Complaint seeking dismissal of each of Plaintiffs claims and the lawsuit in its entirety and US WorldMeds with USWM, Britannia, and the group of individual defendants each filed separate motions to dismiss. Plaintiffs responses are due on March 13, 2023. On January 17, 2023 the Court issued an order that the parties shall meet and confer regarding the content of a proposed Scheduling Order, and shall submit such a proposed Scheduling Order to the Court no later than February 16, 2023. On January 25, 2023, Defendants filed a motion to stay discovery and stay the deadline to submit a proposed scheduling order pending resolutions of Defendants motions to dismiss. Briefing on that motion concluded on February 6, 2023. As of the date of this submission, the Court has not issued a decision on Defendants motion to stay, but the Court has ordered that the parties need not meet and confer regarding the content of a proposed Scheduling Order or submit such a proposed order while the motion to stay remains pending. 
 XADAGO 
 On June 10, 2021, Newron Pharmaceuticals S.p.A. ("Newron"), Zambon S.p.A. ("Zambon") and Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the "Company"), through its subsidiary MDD US Operations, LLC (collectively, "Plaintiffs"), initiated litigation against generic drug makers Aurobindo Pharma Limited, Aurobindo Pharma USA Inc., MSN Laboratories Private Limited ("MSN"), Optimus Pharma Pvt Ltd, Prinston Pharmaceutical, Inc., RK Pharma, Inc. and Zenara Pharma Private Limited (collectively, "Defendants") for infringement of three FDA Orange Book patents covering XADAGO , the Company's once-daily product indicated as adjunctive treatment to levodopa/carbidopa in patients with Parkinson's Disease experiencing "off" episodes. U.S. Patent Nos. 8,076,515, 8,278,485 and 8,283,380 (collectively, the "XADAGO Patents") cover the pharmaceutical formulation of and methods of treatment with safinamide. The XADAGO Patents expire between June 2027 and March 2031. The Company has a license agreement with Zambon, Newron's partner, related to the XADAGO Patents, and as a new chemical entity, XADAGO was under the 5-year FDA exclusivity period that expired on March 21, 2022. The Complaint - filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware - alleges that the Defendants infringed the XADAGO Patents by submitting to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Abbreviated New Drug Applications (ANDAs) seeking to market generic versions of XADAGO prior to the expiration of the patents. Filing the Complaint within 45 days of receiving each of the Defendants' Paragraph IV notice letters entitles the Plaintiffs to an automatic stay preventing the FDA from approving the Defendants' ANDAs for 30 months from the date of the Plaintiffs' receipt of the Paragraph IV Notice Letters. The parties agreed on a case schedule. A trial has been set for January 8, 2024. On March 22, 2022, defendant Optimus Pharma Pvt Ltd was dismissed from the case without prejudice. A claim construction hearing was held on December 1, 2022. On January 5, 2023, Defendants Aurobindo Pharma Limited and Aurobindo Pharma USA Inc were dismissed from the case without prejudice pursuant to a settlement agreement. Fact discovery is ongoing with the remaining defendants. 
 Adamas Litigation 
 In November 2012, Adamas Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Adamas) granted Forest Laboratories Holdings Limited, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Allergan plc (Forest), an exclusive license to certain of Adamas's intellectual property rights relating to human therapeutics containing memantine in the United States. Under the terms of that license agreement, Forest has the right to enforce such intellectual property rights which are related to its right to market and sell Namzaric and NAMENDA XR for the treatment of moderate to severe dementia related to Alzheimer's disease. Adamas has a right to participate in, but not control, such enforcement actions by Forest. 
 Since 2018 multiple generic companies have launched generic versions of NAMENDA XR. A number of companies have submitted ANDAs including one or more certifications to the FDA, pursuant to 21 U.S.C. 355(j)(2)(A)(vii)(iv), requesting approval to manufacture and market generic versions of Namzaric, on which Adamas became entitled to receive royalties from Forest beginning in May 2020. 
 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 Adamas and Forest have settled with all such Namzaric ANDA filers, including all first filers on all the available dosage forms of Namzaric. Subject to those agreements, the earliest date on which any of these agreements grant a license to market a Namzaric ANDA filer's generic version of Namzaric is January 1, 2025 (or earlier in certain circumstances). Alternatively, the Namzaric ANDA filers with the earliest date have the option to launch an authorized generic version of Namzaric beginning on January 1, 2026 instead of launching their own generic version of Namzaric on January 1, 2025. Adamas and Forest intend to continue to enforce the patents associated with Namzaric. 
 On April 1, 2019, Adamas was served with a complaint filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California (Case No. 3:18-cv-03018-JCS) against it and several Forest and Allergan entities alleging violations of federal and state false claims acts (FCA) in connection with the commercialization of NAMENDA XR and Namzaric by Allergan. The lawsuit is a qui tam complaint brought by a named individual, Zachary Silbersher, asserting rights of the Federal government and various state governments. The lawsuit was originally filed in May 2018 under seal, and Adamas became aware of the lawsuit 
 when it was served. The complaint alleges that patents held by Allergan and Adamas covering NAMENDA XR and Namzaric were procured through fraud on the United States Patent and Trademark Office and that these patents were asserted against potential generic manufacturers of NAMENDA XR and Namzaric to prevent the generic manufacturers from entering the market, thereby wrongfully excluding generic competition resulting in artificially high prices being charged to government payors. 
 Adamas's patents in question were licensed exclusively to Forest. The complaint includes a claim for damages of potentially more than 2.5 billion dollars, treble damages and statutory penalties. To date the federal and state governments have declined to intervene in this action. This case is currently stayed pending Adamas's and Allergan's interlocutory appeal of the District Court's December 11, 2020 order denying Adamas's and Allergan's motions to dismiss the complaint. The appeal is pending in the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit (Case No. 21-80005). Argument was held on January 10, 2022. On August 25, 2022, the Ninth Circuit sided with the defendants by reversing the District Court s public disclosure bar rulings and remanding the case back to the District Court to decide certain issues in the first instance. On October 11, 2022, the plaintiff filed a petition for rehearing with the Ninth Circuit which was denied on November 3, 2022. On December 23, 2022, defendants filed renewed motions to dismiss directed to the remaining unresolved issue. The district court has set a hearing on the renewed motion to dismiss for March 17, 2023. 
 On December 10, 2019, a putative class action lawsuit alleging violations of the federal securities laws was filed by Ali Zaidi against Adamas and certain of Adamas's former directors and officers in federal court in the Northern District of California (Case No. 4:19-cv-08051). This lawsuit alleges violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 by Adamas and certain of Adamas's former directors and officers. On October 8, 2021, the presiding judge dismissed the litigation, and granted Plaintiffs leave to amend their complaint. On November 5, 2021, Plaintiffs filed their second amended class action complaint. On December 10, 2021, Adamas filed a motion to dismiss the Second Amended Complaint. Plaintiffs opposed the motion to dismiss. On January 13, 2023, the Court granted in part and denied in part Defendants Motion to Dismiss. Plaintiff has until February 27, 2023 to file a third amended complaint or notice that Lead Plaintiff does not intend to amend, after which Defendants have sixty (60) days to file a motion to dismiss or otherwise respond to the operative complaint. 
 On March 16, 2020, a shareholder derivative lawsuit was filed by Patrick Van Camp in federal court in the Northern District of California (Case No. 4:20-cv-01815) naming Adamas and certain of Adamas's former directors and officers as defendants. This lawsuit alleges certain of Adamas's former directors and officers breached fiduciary duties and violated the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Adamas is named as a nominal defendant only. On April 6, 2020, another, virtually identical, shareholder derivative lawsuit was filed by James Druzbik in federal court in the Northern District of California (Case No. 4:20- cv-02320) naming Adamas and certain of Adamas's former directors and officers as defendants. This lawsuit contains the same allegations, claims, and defendants as the first derivative action. Adamas is named as a nominal defendant only. In both actions, Plaintiffs seek unspecified monetary damages and other relief. These actions have been consolidated and are stayed pending resolution of the Zaidi class action. 
 Adamas believes it has strong factual and legal defenses to all actions and intends to defend itself vigorously. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASE OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
 Market and Shareholder Information 
 Our common stock has been listed on the NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol "SUPN" since May 1, 2012. 
 On December 31, 2022, the closing price of our common stock on the NASDAQ Global Market was 35.67 per share. As of December 31, 2022, we had 16 holders of record of our common stock. The actual number of common stockholders is greater than the number of record holders and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. This number of holders of record also does not include stockholders whose shares may be held in trust by other entities. 
 Dividends 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock, and we do not currently anticipate declaring or paying cash dividends on our capital stock in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain all of our future earnings, if any, to finance operations. Any future determination relating to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on a number of factors, including future earnings, capital requirements, financial conditions, future prospects, contractual restrictions and covenants, and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 Option Grants 
 During the three-month period ended December 31, 2022, the Company granted options to employees to purchase an aggregate of 56,850 shares of common stock at a weighted average exercise price of 35.23 per share. The options are exercisable for a period of ten years from the grant date. These issuances were exempt from registration in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as transactions not involving any public offering. 
 Performance Graph 
 The following graph sets forth the Company's total cumulative stockholder return as compared to the NASDAQ Stock Market Composite Index and the NASDAQ Biotechnology Index for the period beginning December 31, 2017, and ending December 31, 2022. 
 Total stockholder return assumes 100 invested at the beginning of the period in the common stock of the Company, the stocks represented in the NASDAQ Composite Index and the NASDAQ Pharmaceutical, respectively. Total return assumes reinvestment of dividends; the Company has paid no dividends on its common stock. Historical price performance should not be relied upon as indicative of future stock performance. 
 
 74 

Table of Contents 

________________________________________________________________ 
 100 invested on 12/31/2017 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends. Fiscal year ending December 31. 
 Performance Graph Data Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. NASDAQ Composite Index NASDAQ Pharmaceuticals Index NASDAQ Biotechnology Index December 31, 2017 100.00 100.00 100.00 100.00 December 31, 2018 83.36 97.16 88.43 91.14 December 31, 2019 59.52 132.81 98.32 114.02 December 31, 2020 63.14 192.47 122.84 144.15 December 31, 2021 73.17 235.15 109.09 144.18 December 31, 2022 89.51 158.65 87.93 129.59 
 The performance graph and related information shall not be deemed "soliciting material" or be "filed" with the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference into such filing. 
 The preceding graph and related table compare the cumulative total return on our common stock with the cumulative total returns of the Nasdaq Composite Index, the Nasdaq Pharmaceuticals Index, and the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index, assuming an investment of 100.00 on December 31, 2017 and the reinvestment of dividends. The Nasdaq Biotechnology Index has replaced the Nasdaq Pharmaceuticals Index in this analysis as data from the Nasdaq Pharmaceuticals Index is no longer accessible and the presentation herein was calculated manually by a third-party data provider. During this transition year, we have continued to include the Nasdaq Pharmaceuticals Index in the graph and table. 
 
 ITEM 6. RESERVED. 

75 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto, appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical information, some of the information in this discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements reflecting our current expectations and involving risk and uncertainties. For example, statements regarding our expectations as to our plans and strategy for our business, future financial performance, expense levels, and liquidity sources are forward-looking statements. Our actual results and the timing of those events could differ materially from those discussed in our forward-looking statements because of many factors, including those set forth under the "Risk Factors" section and elsewhere in this report. 
 Unless the content requires otherwise, the words "Supernus," "we," "our" and "the Company" refer to Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and/or one or more of its subsidiaries, as the case may be. These terms are used solely for the convenience of the reader. Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and each of its subsidiaries are distinct legal entities. For example, MDD US Operations, LLC, a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc., is the exclusive licensee and distributor of APOKYN in the United States and its territories. Adamas Operations, LLC, a wholly-owned indirect subsidiary of Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc., wholly owns the patents and patent applications related to GOCOVRI and Osmolex ER and has a license agreement with Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc., granting Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. rights to market and sell GOCOVRI and Osmolex ER. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing products for the treatment of central nervous system (CNS) diseases. Our diverse neuroscience portfolio includes approved treatments for epilepsy, migraine, attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), hypomobility in Parkinson s Disease (PD), cervical dystonia, chronic sialorrhea, dyskinesia in PD patients receiving levodopa-based therapy, and drug-induced extrapyramidal reactions in adult patients. The Company is developing a broad range of novel CNS product candidates including new potential treatments for hypomobility in PD, epilepsy, depression, and other CNS disorders. 
 We have a portfolio of commercial products and product candidates. 
 Commercial Products 
 Trokendi XR (topiramate) is the first once-daily extended-release topiramate product indicated for the treatment of epilepsy in patients 6 years of age and older in the United States (U.S.) market. It is also indicated for the prophylaxis of migraine headache in adults and adolescents 12 years and older. 
 Oxtellar XR (oxcarbazepine) is indicated as therapy for the treatment of partial-onset seizures in patients 6 years of age and older. It is also the first once-daily extended-release oxcarbazepine product indicated for the treatment of epilepsy in the U.S. market. 
 Qelbree (viloxazine extended-release capsules) is a novel non-stimulant product indicated for the treatment of ADHD in adults and pediatric patients 6 years and older. On April 2, 2021, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved Qelbree for the treatment of ADHD in pediatric patients 6 to 17 years of age. In May 2021, the Company launched Qelbree for pediatric patients in the U.S. On April 29, 2022, the FDA approved Qelbree for treatment of ADHD in adult patients. The Company launched Qelbree for adult patients in May 2022. 
 GOCOVRI (amantadine) extended-release capsules is the first and only FDA approved medicine indicated for the treatment of dyskinesia in patients with PD receiving levodopa-based therapy, with or without concomitant dopaminergic medications, and as an adjunctive treatment to levodopa/carbidopa with PD experiencing "off" episodes. 
 APOKYN (apomorphine hydrochloride injection) is a product indicated for the acute, intermittent treatment of hypomobility, "off" episodes ("end-of-dose wearing off" and unpredictable "on/off" episodes) in patients with advanced PD. 
 XADAGO (safinamide) is a once-daily product indicated as adjunctive treatment to levodopa/carbidopa in patients with PD experiencing "off" episodes. 
 Osmolex ER (amantadine) extended-release is a once-daily product for the treatment of PD and drug-induced extrapyramidal reactions in adult patients. 
 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 MYOBLOC (rimabotulinumtoxinB injection) is a product indicated for the treatment of cervical dystonia and chronic sialorrhea in adults. It is the only botulinum toxin type B available on the market. 
 Research and Development 
 We are committed to the development of innovative product candidates in neurology and psychiatry, including the following: 
 Product Candidate Indication Development NDA SPN-830 Continuous treatment of motor fluctuations ("off" episodes) in PD patients Complete Response Letter (CRL) received from FDA in October 2022 SPN-820 Treatment-resistant depression Phase II SPN-817 Treatment-resistant seizures Phase I 
 SPN-830 (apomorphine infusion device) 
 SPN-830 is a late-stage drug/device combination product candidate for the continuous treatment of motor fluctuations ("off" episodes) in PD patients that are not adequately controlled with oral levodopa and one or more adjunct PD medications. If approved, it would be the only continuous infusion of apomorphine available in the U.S. and an important step for PD patients that would have otherwise been candidates for potentially invasive surgical procedures, such as deep brain stimulation. Continuous slow infusion may also limit some of the side effects of a bolus injection of apomorphine. 
 In December 2021, we resubmitted the NDA to the FDA. In February 2022, we received a notice from the FDA that the resubmission of the NDA for SPN-830 was considered as a Standard Review and was assigned a PDUFA target action date in early October 2022. In October 2022, the FDA issued a Complete Response Letter (CRL) regarding the NDA for SPN-830. The CRL requires additional information and analysis related to the infusion device and drug product across several areas of the NDA including, but not limited to, labeling, product quality and manufacturing, device performance and risk analysis. In addition, the FDA mentions that approval of the NDA requires inspections that could not be completed in a timely manner due to COVID-19 travel restrictions. The CRL does not request additional efficacy and safety clinical studies. The FDA has made an initial determination that the amendment to the Company s application in response to the CRL will be subject to a Class 2, or six-month, review timeline. In February 2023, the FDA granted the Company a Type C meeting request to discuss the CRL with the meeting scheduled in April 2023. 
 SPN-820 (NV-5138) 
 SPN-820 is a first-in-class, orally active small molecule that activates brain mechanistic target of rapamycin complex 1 (mTORC1), a gatekeeper of cellular metabolism and renewal. SPN-820 binds to and modulates sestrin, which senses amino acid availability in the brain, a potent natural activator of mTORC1. 
 SPN-817 (huperzine A) 
 SPN-817 represents a novel mechanism of action (MOA) for an anticonvulsant. SPN-817 is a novel synthetic form of huperzine A, whose MOA includes potent acetylcholinesterase inhibition, with pharmacological activities in CNS conditions such as epilepsy. The development will initially focus on the drug's anticonvulsant activity, which has been shown in preclinical models to be effective for the treatment of partial seizures and Dravet Syndrome. SPN-817 is in clinical development and has received Orphan Drug designation for several epilepsy indications from the FDA. 
 Adamas Reorganization 
 In the first quarter of 2022 and subsequent to the Adamas Acquisition, the Company completed a reorganization of the Adamas legal entities in an effort to obtain operational, legal and other benefits that also resulted in certain state tax efficiencies. The reorganization had no effect on the consolidated financial statements other than certain state tax efficiencies. (See Note 12, Income Taxes. 
 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 COVID-19 Impact 
 While the impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic did not have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022, we continue to closely monitor the events and circumstances surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on all aspects of our business operations. Since the situation surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic remains fluid and the duration uncertain, the long-term nature and extent of the impacts of the pandemic on our business operations and financial position cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. See Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information on risk factors that could impact our business and our results. 
 Operational Highlights 
 Qelbree Update 
 Total IQVIA prescriptions were 117,635 in the fourth quarter of 2022, an increase of 24 compared to total prescriptions of 94,681 in the third quarter of 2022. In January 2023, the most recent month available, total prescriptions reached 42,881. 
 Continued healthy growth in the U.S. attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder market with 2022 total number of prescriptions reaching more than 90 million, an increase of 9 compared to 2021, according to IQVIA. 
 The average price per Qelbree prescription continued to increase in the fourth quarter of 2022, driven by increases in the average daily dose and prescription size. 
 Executed a second significant pharmacy benefit manager contract effective January 2023, and continued making progress in securing and improving managed care coverage. 
 Qelbree continues to expand its base of prescribers, with approximately 16,822 prescribers in the fourth quarter of 2022, up from 14,265 prescribers from the third quarter of 2022. 
 Product Pipeline Update 
 SPN-830 (apomorphine infusion device) - Continuous treatment of motor fluctuations off episodes) in Parkinson's Disease (PD) 
 The Company will be meeting with the FDA in April 2023 to discuss the CRL received in October 2022. The Company will announce the timing for our resubmission after our discussion with the FDA. 
 SPN-820 - Novel first-in-class activator of mTORC1 
 The Phase II multi-center randomized double-blind placebo-controlled parallel design study of SPN-820 in adults with treatment-resistant depression is ongoing. The study will examine the efficacy and safety of SPN-820 over a course of five weeks of treatment in approximately 270 patients. The primary outcome measure is the change from baseline to end of treatment period on the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) Total Score, a standard depression rating scale. 
 SPN-817 A novel product candidate for the treatment of epilepsy 
 The Company has commenced an open-label Phase II clinical study of SPN-817 in patients with treatment-resistant seizures. Depending on rate of enrollment, the Company expects to have data in the first half of 2024 . 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and the Use of Estimates 
 The significant accounting policies and basis of presentation for our consolidated financial statements are described in Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with the U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP), requiring us to make estimates, judgments, and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses, and other related disclosures. Some judgments can be subjective and complex, and therefore, actual results could differ materially from those estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 We believe the judgments, estimates, and assumptions associated with the following critical accounting policies have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements: 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 Revenue recognition; and 
 Impairment of intangible assets. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Our principal source of revenue is product sales. Revenue from product sales is recognized when physical control of our products is transferred to our customers, who are primarily pharmaceutical wholesalers, specialty pharmacies, and distributors. Product sales are recorded net of various forms of variable consideration, including: estimated rebates; sales discounts; and an estimated liability for future product returns (collectively, "sales deductions"). 
 The variability in the net transaction price for our products arises primarily from the aforementioned sales deductions. Significant judgment is required in estimating certain sales deductions, including rebates and returns. In making these estimates, we consider: historical experience; product price increases; current contractual arrangements under applicable payor programs; unbilled claims; processing time lags for claims; inventory levels in the wholesale, specialty pharmacy, and retail distribution channel; and product life cycle. We adjust our estimates at the earlier of when the most likely amount of consideration we expect to receive changes, or when the consideration becomes fixed. Variable consideration on product sales is only recognized when it is probable that a significant reversal will not occur. If actual results in the future vary from our estimates, we adjust our estimates in the period identified. These adjustments could materially affect net product sales and earnings in the period in which the adjustment(s) is recorded. Refer to Part II, Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, for further discussion on each of the different sales deductions. While sales rebates have been relatively predictable based on historical experience such that there have not been material changes in estimates in prior periods, there have been critical estimates associated with rebates and returns that may result in significant variability as further discussed below. 
 Returns 
 We maintain a return policy that allows our customers to return products within a specified period of time. Sales of our products are not subject to a general right of return; however, we will accept return of expired product 6 months prior to and up to 12 months subsequent to the product's expiry date for certain products. Our products have a shelf life of up to 48 months from date of manufacture. The product return accrual is estimated principally based on historical experience, the level and estimated shelf life of inventory in the distribution channel, changes in the current wholesaler prices, our return policy and expected market events, including generic competition. The time lag from date of sale of our products when we accrue our provision for product returns and the time at which we issue credit for expired product can occur up to several years after the sale of our product. Estimates associated with our provision for product returns are particularly susceptible to adjustment given the extensive time lag. In regards to Trokendi XR, the Company has entered into settlement agreements with third parties, permitting the sale of a generic version of Trokendi XR on or after January 1, 2023. The Company is actively monitoring returns activity in light of the loss of exclusivity and potential sales decline based on timing of generic entry. The recent entry of a generic competitor may cause our future Trokendi XR product return rates to change from historical trends, and this change could have a material effect on the future provision for product returns. Historically, we have experienced changes in estimates in return reserve calculations, but those adjustments have not been material to net earnings. However, given the extensive number of inputs and assumptions, described above, future changes in our return reserves could be material. 
 Rebates 
 Rebates are discounts which we pay under either public sector or private sector health care programs. Rebates paid under public sector programs are generally mandated under law, whereas private sector rebates are generally contractually negotiated by us with managed care providers. Both types of rebates vary over time. Rebate amounts are typically based upon the volume of purchases using contractual or statutory prices, which may vary by product and by payer. For each type of rebate, the factors used in the calculations of the accruals for that rebate include the identification of the products subject to the rebate, applicable price terms and estimated lag time between sale and payment of the rebate, which can be significant. In order to establish the rebate accruals, we use both internal and external data to estimate the level of inventory in the distribution channel and the rebate claims processing lag time for each type of rebate. To estimate the rebate percentage or net price, we track sales by product and by customer or payer. We evaluate inventory data reported by wholesalers, available prescription volume information, product pricing, historical experience and other factors in order to determine the adequacy of our accruals. We regularly monitor our accruals and record adjustments when rebate trends, rebate programs and contract terms, legislative changes, or other significant events indicate that a change in reserve is appropriate. Historically, adjustments to rebate accruals have not been material to net earnings. 
 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 Specifically, a significant portion of rebates we pay are on state Medicaid programs. We participate in state Medicaid programs wherein the lag time from the date of sale of our product when we accrue for provision for rebates and the ultimate invoicing by the individual state Medicaid program can occur up to several quarters after the sale of our product. Because of the time lag for Medicaid, in any particular quarter, our adjustments may incorporate revisions of accruals for prior periods. Estimates associated with our participation in state Medicaid programs are particularly susceptible to adjustment given the extensive time lag. Historically, adjustments to rebate accruals have not been material to net earnings, but there continues to be an extensive time lag related to certain programs that could result in variability in future periods. 
 For a roll-forward of the accrued sales deductions, see the section entitled Results of Operations - Revenues - Sales deductions and related accruals . 
 Impairment of Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets 
 In 2020, t he Company acquired the right to further develop and commercialize SPN-830 (apomorphine infusion device), a late-stage product candidate (IPR D intangible asset). The In Process Research and Development (IPR D) intangible asset represents the estimate of the fair value of acquired technology which has not yet reached technological feasibility. The primary basis for determining the technological feasibility is obtaining specific regulatory approvals. IPR D is accounted for as an indefinite-lived intangible asset until completion or abandonment of the IPR D project. Upon completion of the development project, the IPR D will be amortized over its estimated useful life. We review intangible assets with indefinite lives f or impairment annually or more often if impairment indicators are identified. Our annual evaluation is generally based on an assessment of qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not the fair value of the asset is less than its carrying amount. If the Company is unable to conclude that the indefinite intangible asset is not impaired during its qualitative assessment, the Company will perform a quantitative assessment by estimating the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset and comparing the fair value to the carrying amount. The significant inputs and assumptions used to estimate the fair value of the IPR D intangible asset include: the timing and probability of success of clinical and regulatory approvals for the IPR D asset, the estimated future cash flows from product sales, and the timing and projection of costs and expenses. We believe that the timing and probability of success of clinical and regulatory approval for the IPR D asset is key and directly drives the timing and realization of the estimated future cashflows from product sales and the incurrence of costs and expenses. The drug regulatory approval process is inherently uncertain, lengthy, and difficult. The FDA has substantial discretion in the drug approval process, including the ability to delay, limit or deny approval of a product candidate for many reasons. In addition, the actual review and approval process time required may vary substantially based upon the type, complexity, and novelty of the product or disease. Any adverse action by the FDA can potentially impact our estimated fair value of the IPR D intangible asset. In October 2022, the FDA issued a CRL regarding the NDA for SPN-830. We consider the positive results of clinical trials, industry benchmarks, available market data, and recent communications with the FDA regarding SPN-830 in determining the probability of technical and regulatory success input and assumption. The carrying amount of the indefinite-lived intangible asset was 124.0 million as of December 31, 2022. Although we believe the assumptions, judgments, and estimates we have used in our assessments are reasonable and appropriate, a material change in any of our assumptions or external factors could lead to impairment charges. If the IPR D project is abandoned or regulatory approvals are not obtained, we may have a full or partial impairment charge related to the IPR D, calculated as the excess carrying value of the IPR D assets over the estimated fair value. 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 In this section, we discuss the results of our operations for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, includes a discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020, in Part II, Item 7 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 
 Revenues 
 Revenues consist primarily of net product sales of our commercial products in the U.S., supplemented by royalty revenues from our collaborative licensing arrangements. The following table provides information regarding our revenues during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands): Years Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 Amount Percent Net product sales Trokendi XR 261,221 304,817 (43,596) (14) Oxtellar XR 115,345 110,708 4,637 4 GOCOVRI 104,421 9,778 94,643 APOKYN 75,305 99,233 (23,928) (24) Qelbree 61,322 9,879 51,443 Other (1) 
 31,818 33,089 (1,271) (4) Total net product sales 649,432 567,504 81,928 14 Royalty revenues 17,806 12,271 5,535 45 Total revenues 667,238 579,775 87,463 15 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Includes net product sales of MYOBLOC, XADAGO and Osmolex ER. 
 Indicates calculation result is equal to or greater than 100 . Net product sales of GOCOVRI represents sales subsequent to the completion of the Adamas Acquisition in November 2021. In addition, Qelbree was launched in May 2021. 
 Net Product Sales 
 Net product sales increased by 81.9 million from 567.5 million in 2021 to 649.4 million in 2022. The increase in net product sales was primarily due to the 94.6 million increase in net product sales of GOCOVRI, subsequent to the completion of the Adamas Acquisition in November 2021, as well as a 51.4 million increase in net product sales of Qelbree, which was launched in May 2021. Partially offsetting this increase was a 43.6 million decrease in net product sales of Trokendi XR and a 23.9 million decrease in net product sales of APOKYN primarily attributable to the decline in unit demand due to competitive headwinds. 
 Sales deductions and related accruals 
 We record accrued product returns and accrued product rebates as current liabilities in Accrued product returns and rebates, on our consolidated balance sheets. We record sales discounts as a reduction against Accounts receivable, net on the consolidated balance sheets. Both amounts are generally affected by changes in gross product sales, changes in the provision for net product sales deductions, and the timing of payments/credits. 
 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 The following table provides a summary of activities with respect to accrued product returns and rebates for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands): Accrued Product Returns and Rebates Product Returns Product Rebates Allowance for Sales Discounts Total Balance at December 31, 2021 35,127 97,597 13,537 146,261 Provision Provision for sales in current year 22,129 437,323 76,079 535,531 Adjustments relating to prior year sales (3,866) (155) (3) (4,024) Total provision 18,263 437,168 76,076 531,507 Less: Actual payments/credits (8,382) (428,108) (76,618) (513,108) Balance at December 31, 2022 45,008 106,657 12,995 164,660 Balance at December 31, 2020 29,603 96,589 11,404 137,596 Adamas Acquisition liabilities assumed 223 2,194 271 2,688 Provision Provision for sales in current year 15,762 370,273 69,383 455,418 Adjustments relating to prior year sales (3,069) 1,335 19 (1,715) Total provision 12,693 371,608 69,402 453,703 Less: Actual payments/credits (7,392) (372,794) (67,540) (447,726) Balance at December 31, 2021 35,127 97,597 13,537 146,261 
 Accrued product returns and rebates 
 The accrued product returns balance increased from 35.1 million as of December 31, 2021 to 45.0 million as of December 31, 2022 due to timing of related return activity and an increase in provision for product returns primarily for Qelbree. 
 The accrued product rebates balance increased from 97.6 million as of December 31, 2021 to 106.7 million as of December 31, 2022 due to timing of payments and the increase in the provision. 
 Provision for returns and rebates 
 The provision for product returns increased from 12.7 million in 2021 to 18.3 million in 2022. This increase was primarily attributable to an increase in volume of products sold with the launch of Qelbree for pediatric patients in the second quarter of 2021 and for adults in second quarter of 2022, partially offset by lower sales of Trokendi XR. 
 The provision for product rebates increased from 371.6 million in 2021 to 437.2 million in 2022. The increase was primarily attributable to higher sales volume, as well as higher per patient payments under both government and commercial managed care programs. 
 The provision for sales discounts increased from 69.4 million in 2021 to 76.1 million in 2022. The increase is due to higher gross sales primarily due to launch of Qelbree and the acquired commercial products from the Adamas Acquisition in November 2021. 
 Adjustments related to prior year sales 
 Adjustments related to prior year sales in 2022 of 4.0 million was less than 1 of both net product sales and total provision for the year ended December 31, 2022. Adjustments related to prior year sales in 2021 of 1.7 million was less than 1 of both net product sales an total provision for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 

 Royalty Revenues 
 The following table provides information regarding our royalty revenues for the years indicated (dollars in thousands): Change 2022 2021 Amount Percent Royalty revenues 17,806 12,271 5,535 45 
 Royalty revenues increased by approximately 5.5 million, or 45 , in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to the full year of Namzaric royalties associated with the Adamas Acquisition. The Company recognized noncash royalty revenues of 9.8 million, 9.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Cost of Goods Sold 
 
 The following table provides information regarding our cost of goods sold for the years indicated (dollars in thousands): Change 2022 2021 Amount Percent Cost of goods sold 87,221 75,061 12,160 16 
 Cost of goods sold includes the cost of royalties; cost of materials, including active pharmaceutical ingredients (API); and cost to manufacture, including tableting, packaging, personnel, overhead, stability testing, and distribution. 
 Cost of goods sold increased from 75.1 million in 2021 to 87.2 million in 2022. The increase was primarily due to higher Qelbree sales, offset by lower royalty expense compared to the same period in the prior year. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 
 The following table provides information regarding our research and development (R D) expenses for the years indicated (dollars in thousands): 
 Change 2022 2021 Amount Percent Research and development expense 74,552 90,467 (15,915) (18) 
 R D expenses decreased from 90.5 million in 2021 to 74.6 million in 2022. The decrease was primarily due to the 15.0 million write-down of the investment in Navitor LLC in 2021 which was attributable to a single in-process research and development (IPR D) asset and recorded in R D expense in the first quarter of 2021. Refer to Note 5, Investments in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this report for further discussion of the write-down of the investment in Navitor LLC in 2021. 
 Selling, General, and Administrative Expense 
 The table below provides information regarding our selling, general, and administrative (SG A) expenses for the years indicated (dollars in thousands): Change 2022 2021 Amount Percent Selling and marketing expense 267,788 199,709 68,079 34 General and administrative expense 109,433 105,050 4,383 4 Total 377,221 304,759 72,462 24 
 Selling and Marketing Expense 
 Selling and marketing expenses increased from 199.7 million in 2021 to 267.8 million in 2022. The increase was primarily due to increased marketing expenditures of 46.7 million primarily for activities to support the launch of Qelbree to the adult population and the Qelbree direct-to-consumer campaign, which substantially occurred in the third quarter of 2022, as well as higher sales and corporate accounts management expenditures to the commercial products including those acquired from the Adamas Acquisition. 
 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 General and Administrative Expense 
 General and administrative expenses increased from 105.1 million in 2021 to 109.4 million in 2022. The increase was primarily due to higher professional and consulting costs and increased employee-related costs mainly to support IT and finance operations related to the ransomware incident, financial reporting and Adamas integration in 2022. 
 Amortization of Intangible Assets 
 The following table provides information regarding the amortization expense for intangible assets during the periods indicated (dollars in thousands): Change 2022 2021 Amount Percent Amortization of intangible assets 82,630 29,989 52,641 
 ______________________________ 
 Indicates calculation result is equal to or greater than 100 . 
 Amortization of intangible assets increased for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily due to the amortization of definite-lived intangible assets acquired in the Adamas Acquisition. 
 Contingent Consideration (Gain) Expense 
 The following table provides information regarding the contingent consideration expense during the periods indicated (dollars in thousands): Change 2022 2021 Amount Percent Contingent consideration (gain) expense (510) (6,530) 6,020 (92) 
 Contingent consideration gain recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 of 0.5 million and 6.5 million, respectively. The decrease in contingent consideration gain was primarily due to 6.5 million gain recorded in 2021 due to the write-down of the sales-based contingent consideration liabilities associated with the USWM Acquisition. 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 The following table provides the components of other income (expense) during the years indicated (dollars in thousands): Change 2022 2021 Amount Percent Interest and other income, net 21,689 10,569 11,120 Interest expense (4,654) (19,696) (15,042) 76 Interest expense on nonrecourse liability related to sale of future royalties (2,416) (3,727) (1,311) 35 Total 14,619 (12,854) 27,473 ______________________________ 
 Indicates calculation result is equal to or greater than 100 . 
 Interest and other income, net includes primarily interest earned from cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities holdings. Interest and other income, net in creased from 10.6 million 2021 to 21.7 million in 2022. The increase in interest and other income, net was primarily due to 12.9 million recorded in 2022 in connection with the gain associated with the Navitor investment. The decrease in interest expense of 15.0 million was primarily related to the Company's adoption of ASU 2020-06. 
 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 Income Tax Expense 
 The following table provides information regarding our income tax expense during the periods indicated (dollars in thousands): 2022 vs 2021 Change 2022 2021 Dollar Percent Income tax expense 32 19,751 (19,719) Effective tax rate 0.1 27.0 ______________________________ 
 Indicates calculation result is equal to or greater than 100 . 
 Income tax expense was 32 thousand and 19.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The change in income tax expense and effective income tax rate was primarily due to tax benefits associated with the Adamas legal entities reorganization in the first quarter of 2022. 
 Net Earnings 
 The following table provides information regarding our net earnings during the periods indicated (dollars in thousands): Change 2022 2021 Amount Percent Net earnings 60,711 53,424 7,287 14 
 The increase in net earnings was primarily due to the decrease in income tax expense and interest expense, and an increase in interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021. 
 Summary of Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes the major sources and uses of cash for the periods set forth below (dollars in thousands): 
 December 31, Change 2022 2021 Amount 
 Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 116,826 127,127 (10,301) Investing activities (216,663) (81,913) (134,750) Financing activities (10,477) (130,420) 119,943 Net change in cash and cash equivalents (110,314) (85,206) (25,108) 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities is comprised of two components: cash provided by operating earnings; and cash provided by (used in) changes in working capital. The net cash provided by operating activities was 116.8 million in 2022 compared to 127.1 million in 2021. The year over year change was primarily driven by decrease in working capital which reflects the timing impacts of cash collections on receivables and settlement of payables, offset by an increase in operating earnings and non-cash items. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 216.7 million in 2022 compared to 81.9 million in 2021. The year over year change of 134.8 million was primarily attributed to the following: 
 Cash outflows related to marketable securities activity were higher by 435.2 million in 2022 compared to 2021 due to higher purchases of marketable securities offset by lower proceeds from sales and maturities of marketable securities; 
 Cash outflows in 2021 of 311.7 million related to the Adamas acquisition; 
 Cash inflow from cash distribution received in 2021 of 12.9 million related to investment in Navitor. 
 
 85 

Table of Contents 

 Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 10.5 million in 2022 compared to 130.4 million provided in the same period in 2021. This year over year change is primarily attributable to the repayment of the acquired debt from the Adamas Acquisition in prior year partially offset by the payment of a contingent consideration milestone associated with the USWM Acquisition in the first quarter of 2022 and the increase in proceeds from the issuance of common stock. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, and long term marketable securities presented below are as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 December 31, 2022 Cash and cash equivalents 93,120 Marketable securities 368,214 Long term marketable securities 93,896 Total 555,230 
 We have financed our operations primarily with cash generated from product sales, supplemented by revenues from royalty and licensing arrangements, as well as proceeds from the sale of equity and debt securities. Continued cash generation is highly dependent on the success of our commercial products, as well as the success of our product candidates if approved by the FDA. While we expect continued profitability in future years, we anticipate there may be significant variability from year to year in the level of our profits particularly due to the commercial launch of Qelbree in May 2021; continued market and payor pressures for our commercial products; and the likely unfavorable impact of the loss of patent exclusivity for Trokendi XR in January 2023. 
 The Company believes its balances of cash, cash equivalents and unrestricted marketable securities, which totaled 555.2 million as of December 31, 2022, along with cash generated from ongoing operations and continued access to debt markets, will be sufficient to satisfy its cash requirements over the next 12 months and beyond. 
 We may, from time to time, consider raising additional capital through: new collaborative arrangements; strategic alliances; additional equity and/or debt financings; or financing from other sources, especially in conjunction with opportunistic business development initiatives. We will continue to actively manage our capital structure and to consider all financing opportunities that could strengthen our long-term financial profile. Any such capital raises may or may not be similar to transactions in which we have engaged in the past. There can be no assurance that any such financing opportunities will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. 
 
 Our material cash requirements include the following contractual and other obligations. 
 Convertible Notes due 2023 
 As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal on the 0.625 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 (2023 Notes) was 402.5 million. No 2023 Notes were converted as of December 31, 2022. Contemporaneous with the issuance of the 2023 Notes, the Company also entered into separate convertible note hedge transactions (collectively, the Convertible Note Hedge Transactions), issuing 402,500 convertible note hedge options. The Convertible Note Hedge Transactions are expected to reduce the potential dilution of the Company's common stock upon conversion of the 2023 Notes. Concurrently with entering into the Convertible Note Hedge Transactions, we also entered into separate warrant transactions, issuing a total of 6,783,939 warrants (the Warrant Transactions). Refer to Note 9, Convertible Senior Notes Due 2023 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this report. 
 Secured Uncommitted Credit Line 
 During the first quarter of 2023, we entered into an uncommitted demand secured credit line with a financial institution for up to 150.0 million (the "Credit Line"). Although as of the March 1, 2023 the Company has not drawn from the Credit Line. The Credit Line is secured primarily by our portfolio of marketable securities, which is primarily comprised of corporate and U.S. government agency and municipal debt securities, and it contains collateral maintenance requirements. Pursuant to the terms of the Credit Line, the lender may terminate the Credit Line and/or demand full or partial payment of amounts borrowed thereunder at any time. 
 
 86 

Table of Contents 

 Leases 
 Our operating lease commitments include leases of fleet vehicles, leases of certain facilities, including the lease of the current headquarters office and laboratory space. As of December 31, 2022, we have fixed lease payment obligations of 50.8 million, with 8.3 million payable within 12 months. Refer to Note 13, Leases in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this report. 
 Manufacturing Purchase Obligations 
 In October 2021, we entered into an amendment to the Merz Agreement which increased the price of the annual purchase commitment of MYOBLOC from 3.0 million to approximately 3.9 million. For further discussion on the embedded operating lease related to the Merz Agreement, refer to Note 13, Leases in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this report. 
 Milestone Payment Obligations 
 The Company has contingent consideration milestones payable related to the Adamas Acquisition. The possible outcomes for the contingent consideration range, on an undiscounted basis, from 0 to 50.9 million. One Milestone Payment is payable (subject to certain terms and conditions) upon the first occurrence of the achievement of aggregate worldwide net sales of GOCOVRI in excess of 150 million during any consecutive 12-month period ending on or before December 31, 2024 (Milestone 2024). Another Milestone Payment is payable (subject to certain terms and conditions) upon the first occurrence of the achievement of aggregate worldwide net sales of GOCOVRI in excess of 225 million during any consecutive 12-month period ending on or before December 31, 2025 (Milestone 2025 and, together with Milestone 2024, the Milestones). Each Milestone may only be achieved once. 
 We also have contingent consideration milestones payable related to the USWM Acquisition. On February 18, 2022, the FDA accepted the SPN-830 NDA for review, and we paid the resulting 25 million milestone in the first quarter of 2022. In addition, there are two other regulatory and developmental contingent consideration milestone payments: the first is a 25 million milestone due upon the FDA's regulatory approval and 30 million upon commercial launch of SPN-830. If SPN-830 is approved by the FDA and commercially launched, we expect these milestones to become due and be paid in between 2023 and 2024. 
 Navitor Development Agreement 
 We have obligations from the Development Agreement with Navitor we entered into in April 2020. The Company can terminate the Development Agreement upon 30 days' notice. Under the terms of the Development Agreement, the Company and Navitor will jointly conduct a Phase II clinical program for NV-5138 (SPN-820) for treatment-resistant depression. The Company will bear all of Phase I and Phase II development costs incurred by either party, up to a maximum of 50 million. In addition, the Company will incur certain other research and development support costs. 
 Royalty Payments 
 We obtained exclusive licenses from third parties for proprietary rights to support our commercial products and product candidates. We are obligated to pay royalties to third parties, computed as a percentage of net product sales, for each respective product under a license agreement, beginning upon commercialization. The amount of future royalty obligations are dependent on future net product sales of each of the respective products under a license agreement. 
 Other Obligations 
 We have other obligations in which the timing, likelihood and, in some situations, the amount of such payments are not known, which include the following: 
 any milestone payments which may become payable to third parties under license agreements or contractual agreements regarding our clinical trials, or those which may become payable upon achieving sales and developmental milestones per contractual agreements. 
 any future royalty payments to third parties. 
 liabilities related to uncertain tax positions. Due to uncertainties in the timing of potential tax audits, the timing and the amounts associated with the resolution of these positions is uncertain. As such, we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate regarding the timing of payments beyond 12 months. 
 
 87 

Table of Contents 

 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We do not currently have, nor have we ever had, any relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or for other contractually narrow or limited purposes. In addition, we do not engage in trading activities involving non-exchange traded contracts. 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 For a discussion of new accounting pronouncements, see Note 2 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this report. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 The primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve our capital to fund operations and to facilitate business development activities. We also seek to maximize income from our investments without assuming significant interest rate risk, liquidity risk, or risk of default by investing in investment grade securities with maturities of four years or less. Our exposure to market risk is confined to investments in cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, and long term marketable securities. As of December 31, 2022, we had unrestricted cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, and long term marketable securities of 555.2 million. 
 In connection with the 2023 Notes, we have separately entered into Convertible Note Hedge Transactions and Warrant Transactions to reduce the potential dilution of the Company's common stock upon conversion of the 2023 Notes, and to partially offset the cost to purchase the Convertible Note Hedge Transactions, respectively. 
 We may borrow funds pursuant to our Credit Line at variable interest rates determined by reference to a reference rate and an applicable spread. Variable rate borrowing would expose us to interest rate risk as increases in interest rates would increase our borrowing costs. 
 If we borrow funds pursuant to our Credit Line, we will be subject to a collateral maintenance requirement. The Credit Line is secured primarily by our portfolio of marketable securities, which is primarily comprised of corporate and U.S. government agency and municipal debt securities and may fluctuate in value. The fluctuations may be driven by, among other things, changes in interest rates, economic conditions, and other financial conditions as well as idiosyncratic factors related to a security s issuer. To the extent a fluctuation in value results in the value of the collateral decreasing below the required collateral maintenance requirements we may be required to promptly post additional collateral. Additionally, our Credit Line is an uncommitted facility that may be terminated by the lender at any time. During periods of rapidly changing interest rates, economic conditions or other financial conditions, the Credit Line may be terminated by the lender and/or the lender may declare that all borrowings thereunder are immediately due. 
 Our cash and cash equivalents consist primarily of cash held at banks and investments in highly liquid financial instruments with an original maturity of three months or less. Our marketable securities, which are reported at fair value, consist of investments in U.S. Treasury bills and notes; bank certificates of deposit; various U.S. governmental agency debt securities; and corporate and municipal debt securities. We place all investments with governmental, industrial, or financial institutions whose debt is rated as investment grade. We generally hold these securities to maturities of one to four years. Because of the relatively short period that we hold our investments and because we generally hold these securities to maturity, we do not believe that an increase in interest rates would have any significant impact on the realizable value of our investments. We do not have any currency or other derivative financial instruments other than outstanding warrants to purchase common stock and the convertible note hedges. 
 We may contract with clinical research organizations (CROs) and investigational sites globally. Currently, we have ongoing clinical trials, which are being conducted outside the U.S. for SPN-817. We do not hedge our foreign currency exchange rate risk. Transactions denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar are recorded based on exchange rates at the time such transactions arise. As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, substantially all of our liabilities were denominated in the U.S. dollar. 
 Inflation generally affects us by increasing our cost of labor and the cost of services provided by our vendors. We do not believe that inflation and changing prices over the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 had a significant impact on our consolidated results of operations. 
 
 88 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 90 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 94 
 Consolidated Statements of Earnings 
 95 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Earnings 
 96 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
 97 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 98 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 99 

89 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive earnings, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and our report dated March 9, 2023 expressed an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Accrued sales deductions related to product returns 
 As disclosed in Notes 2 and 14 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recorded accrued product returns of 45,008 (dollars in thousands) as of December 31, 2022. The related provision for product returns is reflected as a reduction of gross product sales, and is recorded at the time of sale when the customer takes title to the product. Sale of the Company s products are not subject to a general right of return; however, the Company will accept return of expired product six months prior to and up to 12 months subsequent to the product s expiry date for certain products. The Company's products have a shelf life of up to 48 months from date of manufacture. 
 We identified the evaluation of accrued sales deductions related to Trokendi XR, Oxtellar XR and Qelbree product returns, and specifically the assessment of the expected long-term return rates, as a critical audit matter. The assessment of the expected long-term return rates included a comparison to actual returns experience and involved a high degree of auditor judgment due to the significant passage of time between product sale and the time at which the Company issues credit for expired product. 
 
 90 

Table of Contents 

 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We assessed the Company s long-term return rate assumptions by evaluating the consistency of those assumptions with the trend of actual historical return rates. We compared prior period expected long-term return rate assumptions against actual return rates experience. 
 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2015. 
 
 March 9, 2023 
 
 91 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc.: 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and subsidiaries' (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, because of the effect of the material weaknesses, described below, on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, the Company has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of earnings, comprehensive earnings, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements), and our report dated March 9, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The material weaknesses are specific to the lack of qualified resources and an adequate risk assessment over design and effective operation of controls in the inventory and cost of goods sold processes and the lack of an adequate risk assessment over the design and effective operation of controls that would affect the estimation of accrued product rebates have been identified and included in management s assessment. The material weaknesses were considered in determining the nature, timing, and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the 2022 consolidated financial statements, and this report does not affect our report on those consolidated financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 92 

Table of Contents 

 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ KPMG LLP 
 Baltimore, Maryland 
 March 9, 2023 
 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Accounts receivable, net Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Long term marketable securities Property and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Other assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders equity Current liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Accrued product returns and rebates Contingent consideration, current portion Convertible notes, net Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Convertible notes, net Contingent consideration, long term Operating lease liabilities, long term Deferred income tax liabilities, net Other liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders equity Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) earnings, net of tax ) Retained earnings Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See accompanying notes. 
 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Earnings 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Years Ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 2020 Revenues Net product sales Royalty revenues Total revenues Costs and expenses Cost of goods sold (a) 
 Research and development Selling, general and administrative Amortization of intangible assets Contingent consideration (gain) expense ) ) Total costs and expenses Operating earnings Other income (expense) Interest and other income, net Interest expense ) ) ) Total other income (expense) ) ) Earnings before income taxes 
 Income tax expense Net earnings 
 Earnings per share Basic Diluted Weighted-average shares outstanding Basic Diluted 
 
 (a) 

See accompanying notes. 
 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Earnings 
 (in thousands) Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net earnings Other comprehensive loss: Unrealized (loss) gain on marketable securities, net of tax ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) earnings, net of tax ) ) Comprehensive earnings 

See accompanying notes. 
 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
 Years Ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 
 (in thousands, except share data) Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Earnings (Loss) Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Balance, December 31, 2019 Share-based compensation Issuance of common stock in connection with the Company s equity award plans Net earnings Unrealized gain on marketable securities, net of tax Balance, December 31, 2020 Share-based compensation Issuance of common stock in connection with the Company s equity award plans Net earnings Unrealized loss on marketable securities, net of tax ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 Cumulative effect of adoption of ASU 2020-06 ) ) Balance, January 1, 2022 Share-based compensation Issuance of common stock in connection with the Company s equity award plans Net earnings Unrealized loss on marketable securities, net of tax ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) 

See accompanying notes. 
 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities Net earnings Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Navitor investment R D expense (see Note 5) Other income from Navitor (see Note 5) ) Amortization of deferred financing costs and debt discount Share-based compensation expense Realized gains from sales of marketable securities ) ) ) Amortization of premium/discount on marketable securities ) Changes in fair value of contingent consideration ) ) Other noncash adjustments, net ) Deferred income tax (benefit) provision ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Accrued product returns and rebates Accounts payable and other liabilities ) Contingent consideration ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Sales and maturities of marketable securities Purchases of marketable securities ) ) ) Acquisition of USWM, net of cash acquired ) ) Acquisition of Adamas, net of cash acquired ) Distribution from (investment in) Navitor ) Purchase of property and equipment and deferred legal fees paid ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from issuance of common stock Proceeds from governmental loan and grant Repayment of acquired Adamas loan ) Payments on finance lease liability ) Payment of contingent consideration ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid for interest on convertible notes Cash paid for operating leases Income taxes paid Noncash investing and financing activity: Contingent consideration liability related to acquisitions Lease assets and tenant receivable obtained for new operating leases Lease assets obtained for new finance lease Property and equipment additions from utilization of tenant improvement allowance 
 See accompanying notes. 
 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

 1. 
 
 commercial products: Trokendi XR , Oxtellar XR , Qelbree , APOKYN , XADAGO , MYOBLOC , GOCOVRI , and Osmolex ER . In addition, SPN-830 (apomorphine infusion device) is a late-stage drug/device combination product candidate for the continuous treatment of motor fluctuations ("off" episodes) in PD patients that are not adequately controlled with oral levodopa and one or more adjunct PD medications. 
 Adamas Acquisition and Reorganization 
 On October 10, 2021, the Company entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among the Company, Adamas Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Adamas) and Supernus Reef, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (Purchaser) (Adamas Agreement). On November 24, 2021 (the Closing Date), the Company completed its purchase of all of the outstanding equity of Adamas, pursuant to the Adamas Agreement dated October 10, 2021, and the Purchaser was merged with and into Adamas (the Merger), with Adamas continuing as the surviving corporation in the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (Adamas Acquisition). On the Closing Date, Adamas owned marketed products: GOCOVRI (amantadine) extended-release capsules, the first and only FDA approved medicine indicated for the treatment of both "off" episodes and dyskinesia in patients with PD receiving levodopa-based therapy and as an adjunctive treatment to levodopa/carbidopa in patients with PD experiencing "off" episodes; and Osmolex ER (amantadine) extended-release tablets, approved for the treatment of PD and drug-induced extrapyramidal reactions in adult patients. Adamas also owns the right to receive royalties from Allergan plc for sales of Namzaric (memantine hydrochloride extended-release and donepezil hydrochloride) in the U.S. 
 In the first quarter of 2022 and subsequent to the Adamas Acquisition, the Company completed a reorganization of the Adamas legal entities in an effort to obtain operational, legal and other benefits that also resulted in certain state tax efficiencies. The reorganization had no effect on the consolidated financial statements other than certain state tax efficiencies. (See Note 12, Income Taxes .) 
 
 2. 
 operating segment. 
 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

100 

Table of Contents 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

Additional information regarding contingent consideration is included in Note 3, Acquisition and Note 7, Contingent Consideration. 
 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

Customer B Customer C 
 Refer to Note 4, Disaggregated Revenues , for the concentration of net product sales. 

102 

Table of Contents 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

million of Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 (see Note 15, Interest Expense ). The Company amortizes the deferred financing costs and debt discount over the term of the debt, using the effective interest method. 
 
 103 

Table of Contents 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

contract assets or liabilities were recorded as of December 31, 2022, or 2021. 
 Revenue from Product Sales 
 The Company's customers are primarily pharmaceutical wholesalers, specialty pharmacies, and pharmaceutical distributors. Customers purchase product to fulfill orders from retail pharmacy chains and independent pharmacies of varying size and purchasing power. The Company recognizes gross revenue when its products are shipped from a third party fulfillment center and physically received by its customers. The Company's customers take control of its products, including title and ownership, upon the physical receipt of its products at their facilities. Customer orders are generally fulfilled within a few days of order receipt, resulting in minimal order backlog. There are no minimum product purchase requirements with our customers. 
 The Company recognizes revenue from product sales in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to ultimately receive in exchange for those goods. Product sales are recorded net of various forms of variable consideration, including: provision for estimated rebates; provision for estimated future product returns; and an estimated provision for discounts. These are collectively considered "sales deductions." Sales deductions are based on estimates of the amounts earned or to be claimed on the related sales. These amounts are treated as variable consideration, estimated and recognized as a reduction of the transaction price at the time of sale using the most likely value method. The Company includes these estimated amounts in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal will not occur. 
 Variability in the net transaction price for the Company's products arises primarily from the aforementioned sales deductions. Significant judgment is required in estimating certain sales deductions. In making these estimates, the Company considers: historical experience; product price increases; current contractual arrangements under applicable payor programs; unbilled claims; processing time lags for claims; inventory levels in the wholesale, specialty pharmacy, and retail distribution channel; and product life cycle. The Company adjusts its estimates of revenue either when the most likely amount of consideration it expects to receive changes, or when the consideration becomes fixed. If actual results in the future vary from our estimates, the Company adjusts its estimates in the period identified. These adjustments could materially affect net product sales and earnings in the period in which the adjustment(s) is recorded. 
 Sales Deductions 
 The Company records product sales net of rebates, returns and discounts. 
 Rebates - Rebates are discounts which the Company pays under either public sector or private sector health care programs. Rebates paid under public sector programs are generally mandated under law, whereas private sector rebates are generally contractually negotiated by the Company with managed care providers. Both types of rebates vary over time. Rebates are owed when our customer dispenses our product to a patient; i.e., filling a prescription. For each of its products, the Company bases its estimates of expected rebate claims on multiple factors, including: historical levels of deductions; contractual terms with managed care providers; actual and anticipated changes in product price; prospective changes in managed care fee for service contracts; prospective changes in co-payment assistance programs; and anticipated changes in program utilization rates; i.e., patient participation rates under each specific program. The Company records an estimated liability for rebates at the time the customer takes title to the product (i.e., at the time of sale to wholesalers/distributors). This liability is recorded as a reduction to gross product sales, and an increase in Accrued product returns and rebates. The liability is recorded as a component of current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Returns - Sales of the Company's products are not subject to a general right of return. A product that has been used to fill patient prescriptions is no longer subject to any right of return. However, the Company will accept a return of product that is damaged or defective when shipped from its third party fulfillment centers. The Company will also accept a return 
 
 104 

Table of Contents 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

prior to and up to months subsequent to the product's expiry date for certain products. Expired or defective returned product cannot be re-sold and is therefore destroyed. The Company records an estimated liability for product returns at the time the customer takes title to the product (i.e., at time of sale). The liability is reflected as a reduction to gross product sales, and an increase in Accrued product returns and rebates. This liability is recorded as a component of current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company estimates the liability for returns primarily based on the actual returns experience for its commercial products. Because the Company's products have a shelf life up to months from the date of manufacture, and because the Company accepts return of product up to months post its expiry date, there is a time lag of several years between the time when the product is sold and the time when the Company may issue credit on the expired product. 
 Sales discounts - Distributors and wholesalers of the Company's pharmaceutical products are generally offered various forms of consideration, including allowances, service fees and prompt payment discounts, for distributing our products. Distributor and wholesaler allowances and service fees arise from contractual agreements and are estimated as a percentage of the price at which the Company sells product to them. In addition, distributors and wholesalers are offered a prompt pay discount for payment within a specified period. Prompt pay discounts are estimated as a percentage of the price at which the Company sells product. The Company accounts for these discounts at the time of sale as a reduction to gross product sales and accounts receivable, net. 
 Royalty Revenues 
 The Company recognizes noncash royalty revenues for amounts earned pursuant to its royalty agreement with United Therapeutics Corporation (United Therapeutics), based on estimated product sales of Orenitram by United Therapeutics (see Note 4, Disaggregated Revenues ). This agreement includes the right to use the Company's intellectual property as a functional license. In 2014, the Company sold certain of these royalty rights to Healthcare Royalty Partners III, L.P. (HC Royalty). Consequent to this agreement, the Company recorded a nonrecourse liability related to this transaction and amortizes this liability as noncash royalty revenues (see Note 4, Disaggregated Revenues and Note 16, Commitments and Contingencies ). Sales of Orenitram by United Therapeutics result in payments from United Therapeutics to HC Royalty, in accordance with this agreement. The Company also recognizes noncash interest expense related to the nonrecourse liability and accrues interest expense at an estimated effective interest rate (see Note 15, Interest Expense ). This interest rate is determined based on projections of HC Royalty's rate of return. 
 
 There are guaranteed minimum amounts owed to the Company related to any of these royalty revenue agreements. 
 
 105 

Table of Contents 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

. 
 Expected Term This is the period of time during which options are expected to remain unexercised. For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, we determined the expected term based on the historical exercise behavior of the stock option plan participants. Options have a maximum contractual term of . 
 Risk-Free Interest Rate This is the observed U.S. Treasury Note rate as of the week each option grant is issued, with a term that most closely resembles the expected term of the option. 
 Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) 
 Share-based compensation expense is recorded based on amortizing the fair market value of the RSU as of the date of the grant over the implied service period. RSUs granted to employees generally vest over four equivalent annual installments, starting on the first anniversary of the grant. RSUs granted to directors generally vest over a term. 
 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

The Company incurred approximately million, million, and million in advertising expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. These expenses are recorded as a component of Selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of earnings. 
 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

million, increased retained earnings by million, reduced additional paid-in capital by million, and decreased deferred tax liabilities by million as of January 1, 2022. In addition, the Company had an increase of million in dilutive shares included in diluted weighted average shares of common stock outstanding for the purposes of calculating diluted earnings per share under the if-converted method. 
 ASU 2021-10, Government Assistance (Topic 832) - The new standard, issued in November 2021, requires the disclosure of information about transactions with a government that are accounted for by applying a grant or contribution model by analogy. This could include various forms of government assistance, but excludes transactions in the scope of specific U.S. GAAP, such as tax incentives accounted for under Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 740, Income Taxes . For transactions in the scope of the new standard, information about the nature of the transaction, including significant terms and conditions, as well as the amounts and specific financial statement line items affected by the transaction are required to be disclosed. This guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021 on a prospective basis. The adoption of the new standard as of January 1, 2022 did not have a material impact to the financial statements. 
 
 108 

Table of Contents 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Continued) 

3. 
 million and transferred non-tradable contingent value rights (CVRs). Each CVR represents the contractual right to receive a contingent payment of per share in cash, less any applicable withholding taxes and without interest, upon the achievement of the applicable milestone (each such amount, a Milestone Payment) in accordance with the terms of a Contingent Value Rights Agreement entered into between the Company and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as rights agent (CVR Agreement). One Milestone Payment is payable (subject to certain terms and conditions) upon the first occurrence of the achievement of aggregate worldwide net sales of GOCOVRI in excess of million during any consecutive 12-month period ending on or before December 31, 2024 (Milestone 2024). Another Milestone Payment is payable (subject to certain terms and conditions) upon the first occurrence of the achievement of aggregate worldwide net sales of GOCOVRI in excess of million during any consecutive 12-month period ending on or before December 31, 2025 (Milestone 2025 and, together with Milestone 2024, the Milestones). Each Milestone may only be achieved once. 
 In connection with the CVRs, the Company recorded contingent consideration liabilities of million as of the date of the acquisition, to reflect the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration. The estimated fair values of the contingent consideration liabilities were determined using Monte Carlo simulations. The fair value measurements of the contingent consideration liabilities were determined based on significant unobservable inputs and thus represent Level 3 fair value measurements. The key assumptions considered include the estimated amount and timing of projected revenues, volatility, estimated discount rates and the risk-free interest rate. In each reporting period after the acquisition, the Company will revalue the contingent consideration liabilities and will record increases or decreases in the fair value of the liabilities in its consolidated statements of earnings. Changes in fair value will result from actual milestone achievement, as well as changes to forecasts. The inputs and assumptions may not be observable in the market, but they reflect the assumptions the Company believes would be made by a market participant. The possible outcomes for the contingent consideration range from to million on an undiscounted basis. 
 The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination under the acquisition method of accounting, in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations . The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets acquired was recorded as goodwill. The estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including goodwill, have been included in the Company's consolidated financial statements since the acquisition Closing Date. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022 and within one year from the Closing Date, the Company finalized its accounting for the Adamas Acquisition; the Company recorded measurement period adjustments related to deferred tax liabilities, and the fair values for a lease (refer to Note 13, Leases ), inventory, and intangible asset based on refinements to inputs used in the estimates. 

109 

Table of Contents 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 3. Acquisitions (Continued) 

 Accounts receivable Inventories (4) 
 ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets Property and equipment Intangibles (4) 
 Other assets (2) 
 ) Total fair value of assets acquired ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) ) Current debt ) ) Operating lease liabilities, long-term ) ) Deferred income tax liabilities (2)(3)(4) 
 ) ) Total fair value of liabilities assumed ) ) Total identifiable net assets Goodwill ) Total purchase price Cash consideration paid Fair value of contingent consideration Total purchase price 
 
 (1) Measurement period adjustments reflect changes for the year ended December 31, 2022 based on information related to the facts and circumstances that existed as of the Closing Date. 
 (2) Refinement of the estimate of fair value of the right of use asset associated with the acquired Adamas headquarters lease recorded in the first quarter of 2022. Refer to Note 13, Leases . 
 (3) Represents tax impact for the changes in fair value estimate of the right of use asset. inventory and intangible assets, and changes made to finalize the accounting of certain state tax attributes which existed at the opening balance sheet date. 
 (4) Represents adjustment to the fair value of inventory acquired which correspondingly increased the fair value of intangible assets. 
 Acquired Inventory 
 The estimated fair value of the inventory was determined using the comparative sales method, which estimated the expected sales price of the product, reduced by all costs expected to be incurred to complete or dispose of the inventory, as well as a profit on the sale. 
 Acquired Intangible Assets 
 The acquired intangible assets include the acquired developed technology and product rights to GOCOVRI and Osmolex ER, as well as the right to receive royalties from Allergan plc for sales of Namzaric. The Company determined the estimated fair values for the acquired intangible assets as of the Closing Date using the income approach. This is a valuation technique that provides an estimate of fair value of the assets, based on the market participant's expectations of the cash flows that the assets are forecasted to generate. The cash flows were discounted at a rate commensurate with the level of risk associated with its projected cash flows. The Company believes the assumptions are representative of those a market participant would use in estimating fair value. 
 
 110 

Table of Contents 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 3. Acquisitions (Continued) 

 - 
 
 Goodwill 
 Goodwill was calculated as the excess of the consideration transferred over the net assets recognized and represents the future economic benefits arising from the other assets acquired that could not be individually identified and separately recognized. Goodwill is primarily attributable to the anticipated cost synergies, additional growth platforms, and an expanded revenue base with the addition of the assets from the Adamas Acquisition. The goodwill is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. 
 Acquired Deferred Income Tax Liabilities, net 
 The deferred income tax liabilities, net relates to the difference between the financial statement carrying amount and the tax basis of acquired intangible assets and inventory, partially offset by acquired net operating loss carryforwards and other temporary differences. The acquired federal and state net operating loss carryforwards are reduced by a valuation allowance for amounts that are not expected to be realizable in the future. 
 Revenue and Net Earnings of Adamas 
 The operations of Adamas and its subsidiaries have been included in the Company's consolidated statements of earnings for the periods subsequent to the Closing Date. 
 Pro Forma Information 
 The following table presents the unaudited pro forma combined financial information for each of the periods presented, as if the Adamas Acquisition had occurred on January 1, 2020 (dollars in thousands): 
 Pro forma net loss ) ) 
 The unaudited pro forma combined financial information is based on historical financial information and the Company's allocation of purchase price. In order to reflect the occurrence of the acquisition on January 1, 2020, the unaudited pro forma combined financial information reflects the recognition of additional amortization expense on intangible assets and estimated additional cost of products sold related to the inventory step-up adjustment; the estimated reduction in the Company's interest income generated from marketable securities that were liquidated to fund the purchase price of the Adamas Acquisition, and the estimated tax impact of the pro forma adjustments. 
 The unaudited pro forma combined financial information should not necessarily be considered indicative of the results that would have occurred if the acquisition had been consummated on the assumed completion date, nor are they indicative of future results. 
 
 111 

Table of Contents 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 4. 
 Oxtellar XR GOCOVRI APOKYN Qelbree Other (1) 
 Total net product sales Royalty revenues Total revenues 
 ______________________________ 
 (1) Includes net product sales of MYOBLOC, XADAGO and Osmolex ER. 
 Trokendi XR accounted for more than of the Company's total net product sales in 2022, more than in 2021, and more than in 2020. 
 The Company recognized noncash royalty revenues of million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, consequent to the Company's agreement with HC Royalty (see Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies ). 
 Adjustments related to prior year sales in 2022 and 2021 have amounted to less than of net product sales for each of the respective periods. Adjustments related to prior year sales in 2020 was million compared to net product sales of million in 2020. This included a million adjustment for the discontinued Trokendi XR commercial blister pack configuration. 
 
 5. 
 Gross unrealized gains Gross unrealized losses ) ) Total fair value 
 
 112 

Table of Contents 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 5. Investments (Continued) 

 1 year to 2 years 2 years to 3 years 3 years to 4 years Greater than 4 years Total 
 There was no impairment on any available-for-sale marketable securities as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 Investment in Navitor 
 Development Agreement 
 In April 2020, the Company entered into a development agreement (the Development Agreement) with Navitor Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Navitor Inc.). The Company can terminate the Development Agreement upon days' notice. Under the terms of the Development Agreement, the Company and Navitor Inc. will jointly conduct a Phase II clinical program for NV-5138 (SPN-820) for treatment-resistant depression. The Company will bear all of the Phase I and Phase II development costs incurred by either party, up to a maximum of million. In addition, the Company will incur certain other research and development support costs. There are certain additional payment amounts which could be incurred by the Company. These costs are contingent upon Navitor Inc. achieving defined development milestones. The Company has an option to acquire or license NV-5138 (SPN-820), for which additional payments would be required. 
 Equity investment 
 In addition to entering into the Development Agreement in April 2020, the Company acquired Series D Preferred Shares of Navitor Inc. for million, representing an approximately ownership position in Navitor Inc. 
 In March 2021, Navitor Inc. underwent a legal restructuring. In the restructuring, Navitor Inc. became a wholly-owned subsidiary of a newly formed limited liability company, Navitor Pharmaceuticals LLC (Navitor LLC), and the outstanding shares of stock in Navitor Inc. were exchanged for units of membership in Navitor LLC having equivalent rights and preferences (Navitor Restructuring). As part of the Navitor Restructuring, the Series D Preferred Shares previously held by the Company were exchanged for Series D Preferred Units in Navitor LLC. In addition, certain assets that did not relate to NV-5138 (SPN-820) were transferred from Navitor Inc. to a newly formed entity that became a separate, wholly-owned subsidiary of Navitor LLC. 
 The Company had determined that Navitor LLC is a VIE. The Company does not consolidate this VIE because the Company lacks the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact Navitor s economic performance. 
 
 113 

Table of Contents 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 5. Investments (Continued) 

 million investment, which was previously recorded in Other assets in the consolidated balance sheets, was expensed and recorded in Research and development expense in the consolidated statements of earnings . 
 The Company records its share of the results of Navitor LLC, a private company, on a quarter lag as the financial information of Navitor LLC is not available on a sufficiently timely basis for the Company to apply the equity method of accounting. In December 2021, Navitor LLC sold one of its subsidiaries and distributed cash to its members in accordance with each member's share of the proceeds from the sale. The Company received million in December 2021 from Navitor LLC in connection with this sale. As the Company's policy is to record its share of the results in its equity method investment on a quarter lag as previously indicated, the Company recorded the cash amount received in Other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2021. In the first quarter of 2022, the Company determined its estimated share of Navitor LLC's year-end 2021 earnings and recorded a gain of million in Interest and other income, net in the consolidated statement of earnings. 
 The maximum exposure to losses related to Navitor LLC is approximately 50 million for Phase I and Phase II development of NV-5138 (SPN-820), and the cost of other development and formulation activities provided by the Company. 
 Subsequent to the Development Agreement entered into in 2020, no additional equity investment has been made or financing has been provided to Navitor LLC. 
 
 6. 

114 

Table of Contents 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 6. Fair Value of Financial Instruments (Continued) 

 Money market funds Marketable securities Corporate, U.S. government agency and municipal debt securities Long term marketable securities Corporate and municipal debt securities Other noncurrent assets Marketable securities - restricted (SERP) Total assets at fair value Liabilities: Contingent consideration Total liabilities at fair value 

115 

Table of Contents 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 6. Fair Value of Financial Instruments (Continued) 

 Money market funds Marketable securities Corporate debt securities Long term marketable securities Corporate debt securities Other noncurrent assets Marketable securities - restricted (SERP) Total assets at fair value Liabilities: Contingent consideration Total liabilities at fair value 
 Other Financial Instruments 
 The carrying amounts of other financial instruments, including accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued expenses, approximate fair value due to their short-term maturities. 
 Financial Liabilities Recorded at Carrying Value 
 
 The fair value has been estimated based on actual trading information, and quoted prices, both provided by bond traders. 
 
 7. 
 
 116 

Table of Contents 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 7. Contingent Consideration (Continued) 

 million comprised of million in regulatory and developmental milestones and million in sales-based milestones. 
 Regulatory and developmental milestones: 
 The million in regulatory and developmental milestones consists of: 1) a million milestone which had a time-based mechanism and was not achieved 2) a million milestone due upon the FDA acceptance of the SPN-830 NDA for review, which was paid in the first quarter of 2022 and, 3) a remaining million, of which million relates to the FDA's approval of the SPN-830 NDA and million relates to the subsequent commercial product launch. 
 Regarding the million paid in the first quarter of 2022, million represents the acquisition date fair value of the contingent consideration liability and was reported under cash flows from financing activities. The remaining million represents the excess of the acquisition date fair value and was reported under cash flows from operating activities. 
 Sales-based milestones: 
 The million in sales-based milestones consists of: 1) million in milestones due upon the achievement of certain U.S. net product sales of APOKYN in 2021 and 2022 which were not achieved and, 2) a remaining million milestone which relates to the achievement of certain net product sales of the acquired USWM products in 2023. As of December 31, 2022, the Company assessed that this remaining million sales-based milestone will not be achieved based on net sales projections. 
 The key assumptions considered in estimating the fair value include the estimated probability and timing of milestone achievement, such as the probability and timing of obtaining regulatory approval, discount rate, the estimated revenue volatility and the estimated amount and timing of projected revenues from the acquired USWM products. 
 The Company recorded a million expense due to the change in fair value of the contingent consideration liabilities for the USWM milestones during the year ended December 31, 2022. The change in the fair value of contingent consideration for USWM milestones was primarily driven by the increase in estimated fair value of regulatory and developmental milestones due to passage of time and the accretion to the payout amount related to the milestone achieved in the first quarter of 2022. 
 The Company recorded a million gain due to the change in fair value of the contingent consideration liabilities for the USWM milestones during the year ended December 31, 2021. The change in fair value was primarily due to the write-down of the sales based contingent consideration liabilities offset by an increase in the estimated fair value of regulatory and developmental milestones due to the passage of time. The Company assessed that these sales-based milestones will not be achieved based on the revised net sales projections. The probability of achieving these milestones were significantly lower compared to prior estimates. The Company updated its projected net sales of the Products based on recent historical sales trend experience. 
 Adamas Contingent Consideration 
 As discussed in Note 3, Acquisition , the Adamas Acquisition included payment of non-tradable contingent value rights (CVRs) each of which represents the contractual right to receive a contingent payment upon the achievement of the applicable aggregate worldwide net product sales of GOCOVRI. 
 The Company recorded a million gain due to the change in fair value of the contingent consideration liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2022. The change in estimated fair value of contingent consideration for the sales-based Adamas milestones was primarily due to changes in market data and revenue projections. The key assumptions considered in estimating the fair value of the Adamas sales-based milestones include the estimated revenue projections, volatility, estimated discount rates and risk-free interest rate. Refer to Note 3, Acquisition , for further discussion of significant inputs and assumptions used in the valuation of the contingent consideration for the Adamas Acquisition. 
 
 117 

Table of Contents 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 7. Contingent Consideration (Continued) 

 Milestone payments ) ) Change in fair value recognized in earnings ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 Regulatory and developmental contingent consideration liabilities Sales-based contingent consideration liabilities Balance at December 31, 2022 
 The following table provides the current and long-term portions related to the contingent consideration for the USWM Acquisition and Adamas Acquisition (dollars in thousands): 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Reported under the following captions in the consolidated balance sheets: Contingent consideration, current portion Contingent consideration, long-term Total 
 
 118 

Table of Contents 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 8. 
 Measurement period adjustments related to the acquisition of Adamas (see Note 3) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 Intangible Assets, Net 
 Intangible assets subject to amortization: Acquired developed technology and product rights ) Capitalized patent defense costs ) Total intangible assets ) ) 
 
 Patent defense costs are deferred legal fees incurred in conjunction with defending patents for Oxtellar XR and Trokendi XR. U.S. patents covering Trokendi XR and Oxtellar XR will expire no earlier than 2027. In regards to Trokendi XR, the Company entered into settlement agreements that allow third parties to enter the market by January 1, 2023. 
 Amortization expense for intangible assets was approximately million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 The following table sets forth the anticipated annual amortization expense for definite-lived intangible assets. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 
 119 

Table of Contents 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 9. 
 Convertible Senior Notes Due 2023 (2023 Notes), which were issued in March 2018, bear interest at an annual rate of , payable semi-annually in arrears on April 1 and October 1 of each year. The 2023 Notes will mature on April 1, 2023, unless earlier converted or repurchased by the Company. The Company may not redeem the 2023 Notes at its option before maturity. The total principal amount of 2023 Notes is million. We have reclassified the debt from long-term to current liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets , as the debt matures in less than twelve months as of December 31, 2022. 
 The 2023 Notes were issued pursuant to an Indenture between the Company and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee. The Indenture includes customary terms and covenants, including certain events of default upon which the 2023 Notes may be due and payable immediately. The Indenture does not contain any financial or operating covenants, or any restrictions on the payment of dividends, the issuance of other indebtedness, or the issuance or repurchase of securities by the Company. 
 Noteholders may convert their 2023 Notes at their option only in the following circumstances: (1) during any calendar quarter, if the last reported sale price per share of the Company's common stock for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during the consecutive trading days ending on, and including the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, exceeds of the conversion price, or a price of approximately per share on such trading day; (2) during the consecutive business days immediately after any consecutive trading day period (such consecutive trading day period, the "measurement period") in which the trading price per 1,000 principal amount of Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price per share of the Company's common stock on such trading day and the conversion rate on such trading day; (3) upon the occurrence of certain corporate events or distributions on the Company's common stock, as specified in the Indenture; and (4) at any time from and including October 1, 2022, until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately before the maturity date. 
 At its election, the Company will settle conversions by paying or delivering, as applicable, cash, shares of the Company s common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of the Company s common stock, based on the applicable conversion rate. The initial conversion rate is 16.8545 shares per 1,000 principal amount of the 2023 Notes, which represents an initial conversion price of approximately per share and is subject to adjustment as specified in the Indenture. In the event of conversion, if converted in cash, the holders would forgo all future interest payments, any unpaid accrued interest, and the possibility of further stock price appreciation. 
 If a make-whole fundamental change, as defined in the Indenture occurs, then the Company will in certain circumstances increase the conversion rate for a specified period of time. If a fundamental change, as defined in the Indenture occurs, then noteholders may require the Company to repurchase their 2023 Notes at a cash repurchase price equal to the principal amount of the 2023 Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. 
 Contemporaneous with the issuance of the 2023 Notes, the Company also entered into separate privately negotiated convertible note hedge transactions (collectively, the Convertible Note Hedge Transactions) with each of the call spread counterparties. The Company issued convertible note hedge options. In the event that shares or cash are deliverable to holders of the 2023 Notes upon conversion at limits defined in the Indenture, counterparties to the convertible note hedges will be required to deliver up to approximately million shares of the Company s common stock, or to pay cash to the Company in a similar amount as the value that the Company delivers to the holders of the 2023 Notes, based on a conversion price of per share. 
 Concurrently with entering into the Convertible Note Hedge Transactions, the Company also entered into separate privately negotiated warrant transactions (collectively, the Warrant Transactions) with each of the call spread counterparties. The Company issued a total of warrants. The warrants entitle the holder to share per warrant. The strike price of the Warrant Transactions will initially be per share of the Company s common stock, and is subject to adjustment. 
 The Convertible Note Hedge Transactions are expected to reduce the potential dilution of the Company s common stock upon conversion of the 2023 Notes, and/or offset any potential cash payments the Company is required to make in excess of the principal amount of converted 2023 Notes, as the case may be. 
 
 120 

Table of Contents 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 9. Convertible Senior Notes Due 2023 (Continued) 

 Unamortized debt discount and deferred financing costs ) ) Total carrying value 
 As discussed in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , the Company adopted ASU 2020-06 on January 1, 2022 using the modified retrospective method of transition resulting in an increase in the carrying amount of the debt by million as of the adoption date. Refer to Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , for further discussion of the accounting standard adoption. 2023 Notes were converted as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 
 10. 
 vote for each share of common stock held. 
 Equity Incentive Plan 
 The Company has adopted the Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (2021 Plan) which was approved by the stockholders in June 2021. The 2021 Plan is the successor to, and replaced the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (the 2012 Plan). The 2021 Plan is administered by the Company's Board of Directors and the Company's Compensation Committee of the Board. The 2021 Plan provides for the grant of stock options and certain other equity awards, including: stock appreciation rights (SARs); restricted and unrestricted stock; stock units; performance awards; cash awards; and other awards that are convertible into or otherwise based on the Company's common stock, to the Company's key employees, directors, consultants, and advisors. The maximum number of shares that can be issued under the 2021 Plan shall not exceed shares, which is the sum of (i) shares and (ii) the approximately shares that were available for grant under the 2012 Plan as of April 16, 2021. Option awards are granted with an exercise price equal to the closing price of the Company's common stock as of the grant date. Options and awards granted have a year contractual term. Options and awards granted to employees, consultants and advisors generally vest in equivalent annual installments, starting on the first anniversary of the grant's date. Options and awards granted to the directors generally vest over a term. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 The Company has adopted the Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended (the ESPP). The ESPP allows eligible employees the opportunity to acquire shares of the Company's common stock at periodic intervals through accumulated payroll deductions. These deductions are applied at the semi-annual purchase dates of June 30 and December 31 to purchase shares of common stock at a discount. Eligible employees may purchase shares at the lower of of the fair market value at either the first day of the purchase period or the fair market value at the end of the purchase period. The ESPP provides for the issuance of up to shares of the Company's common stock. The Company records compensation expense related to its ESPP. 
 
 121 

Table of Contents 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 10. Share-Based Payments (Continued) 

 Selling, general and administrative Total 
 Stock Option and Stock Appreciation Rights 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding, December 31, 2021 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding, December 31, 2022 As of December 31, 2022 Vested and expected to vest Exercisable 
 The weighted-average grant date fair value of options granted for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were , , and per share, respectively. 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of shares exercised for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were million, million, and million, respectively. Proceeds from the options exercised for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were million, million, and million, respectively. 
 The total fair value of the underlying common stock related to shares that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were approximately million, million, and million, respectively. 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Expected volatility - 
 - 
 - 
 Dividend yield Expected term years - years 
 years - years 
 years - years 
 Risk-free interest rate - 
 - 
 - 

122 

Table of Contents 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 10. Share-Based Payments (Continued) 

 million. The Company expects to prospectively recognize these expenses over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Restricted Stock Units 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited Nonvested, December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested, December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized compensation expense was million. The Company expects to prospectively recognize these expenses over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Performance Stock Units 
 Granted Vested ) ) Forfeited ) ) Nonvested, December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) ) ) Forfeited ) ) Nonvested, December 31, 2022 
 The total fair value of PSUs that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were million, million, and million, respectively. The total intrinsic value of PSUs vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were million, , and million, respectively. 
 
 123 

Table of Contents 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 10. Share-Based Payments (Continued) 

 million. The Company expects to prospectively recognize these expenses over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Market-Based Awards 
 The market-based PSU awards are subject to achievement of market-based performance targets in order to vest. The Company used a Monte-Carlo Simulation to determine the fair value and expected term of the awards as of grant date. There was no unrecognized compensation expense as of December 31, 2022. The expected term of the awards granted in 2021 was years. 
 
 11. 
 per share and the strike price of the warrants of per share. 
 Diluted EPS related to the 2023 Notes in the current year is calculated using the if-converted method. The number of dilutive shares is based on the initial conversion rate associated with the 2023 Notes. The Convertible Note Hedge and Warrant Transactions are excluded in the calculation of diluted EPS because inclusion would be anti-dilutive. Specifically, the denominator of the diluted EPS calculation excludes the additional shares related to the warrants because the average price of the Company's common stock was less than the strike price of the warrants of per share. Prior to actual conversion, the Convertible Note Hedge Transactions are not considered in calculating diluted earnings per share, as their impact would be anti-dilutive. 
 
 As mentioned in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , as a result of the adoption of ASU 2020-06 on January 1, 2022 the Company calculated diluted earnings per share using the if-converted method. The million in dilutive shares associated with the conversion of the 2023 Notes are included in diluted weighted average shares of common stock outstanding for the purposes of calculating diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company calculated diluted earnings per share using the treasury stock method wherein the shares associated with the conversion of the 2023 Notes were excluded as the Company assumed the 2023 Notes would be settled entirely or partly in cash. 
 
 124 

Table of Contents 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 11. Earnings per Share (Continued) 

After-tax interest expense for 2023 Notes Numerator for dilutive earnings per share Denominator: Weighted average shares outstanding, basic Effect of dilutive securities: Stock options, RSUs and SARs Convertible Notes Weighted average shares outstanding, diluted Earnings per share, basic Earnings per share, diluted 

12. 
 State Deferred Federal ) ) State ) ) ) Total income tax expense 
 State income taxes ) Permanent items Research and development credits ) ) Uncertain income tax position ) ) Change in valuation allowance ) Other ) Income tax expense 
 
 125 

Table of Contents 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 12. Income Taxes (Continued) 

 Accrued product returns and rebates Accrued compensation and stock based compensation Capitalized research and development Operating lease liability Investment Charitable contributions Research and development credit carryforwards Convertible bond hedge Interest limitation Other Total deferred tax assets Less: valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax asset, net of valuation allowance Deferred tax liabilities: Amortization of intangibles ) ) Debt discount on 2023 Notes ) ) Patent infringement legal costs ) ) Operating lease assets ) ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) 
 In assessing the realizability of deferred income tax assets, the Company considers whether it is more-likely-than-not that some or all of the deferred income tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of the deferred income tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which the net operating loss (NOL) and tax credit carryforwards are available. The Company considers projected future taxable income, the scheduled reversal of deferred income tax liabilities, and available tax planning strategies that can be implemented by the Company in making this assessment. Based upon the level of historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income over the periods in which the NOL and credit carryforwards are available to reduce income taxes payable, management had determined it is not more-likely-than-not to realize all such net deferred tax assets. 
 
 126 

Table of Contents 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 12. Income Taxes (Continued) 

 Acquisition Accounting (1) 
 ) Additions Deductions ) ) Ending balance 
 
 (1) Amount comprised principally of acquisitions and purchase accounting adjustments in connect with acquisitions 
 The Company recorded a valuation allowance of million as of December 31, 2021, of which million is associated with the Adamas Acquisition. The Company recorded a valuation allowance release of million as of December 31, 2022, of which million is associated with the Adamas Acquisition. The valuation allowance is primarily related to federal and state net operating losses carryforwards acquired from the Adamas Acquisition that are not expected to be realizable in the future. 
 The Company has NOL carryforwards in several jurisdictions. Due to changes in the Company's ownership, the utilization of net operating loss carryforwards that can be used to offset future taxable income, are subject to annual limits in accordance with Internal Revenue Code (IRC) provisions, as well as similar state provisions. In addition, states may also impose other future limitations through state legislation or similar measures. Despite the NOL carryforwards, the Company may incur higher state income tax expense in the future. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the U.S. federal and state NOL carryforwards amounted to approximately million and million, respectively, which will expire in various years beginning in 2031. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company utilized federal NOLs of approximately million and state NOLs of approximately million. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had remaining federal research and development credit carryforwards. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had available research and development credit carryforwards of million, which became available in 2022. 
 The Company is no longer subject to U.S. Federal income tax examinations for years prior to 2019. Operating loss or tax credit carryforwards generated prior to 2019 may be subject to tax audit adjustment. 
 The Company accounts for uncertain income tax positions pursuant to the guidance in ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes . The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions, if any, in income tax expense. Some uncertain income tax position liabilities have been recorded against the Company's deferred income tax assets to offset such tax attribute carryforwards and other positions that cannot be offset by tax attributes until liability has been booked. 
 
 127 

Table of Contents 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 12. Income Taxes (Continued) 

 Gross increases related to current year tax positions Gross decreases related to current year tax positions Gross increases related to prior year tax positions Gross decreases related to prior year tax positions ) ) Lapse of statute of limitations ) ) ) Balance as of December 31 
 The Company recorded million, million, and million of net tax benefit in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, as a result of the expiration of statutes of limitation. The Company also recorded thousand, million, and million for uncertain tax positions related to research and development credits in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, and an additional benefit of thousand related to a prior year position. The Company does not anticipate a material impact to the financial statements in the next 12 months as a result of uncertain tax positions and expiring statutes of limitation. 
 
 13. 
 years. 
 As part of the Adamas Acquisition, the Company acquired a lease for office space. Adamas' operating lease for the office space term will continue until April 30, 2025. The lease contains an option to extend the term for additional period. 
 During a measurement period, changes in fair value due to measurement period adjustments are recorded against goodwill. The Company recorded in the first quarter of 2022 a measurement period adjustment associated with the valuation of the acquired Adamas lease which decreased the fair value estimate of the operating lease right of use asset by million. Refer to Note 3, Acquisition . 
 Contract Manufacturing Lease 
 The Company has a contract manufacturing agreement with Merz Pharma GmbH Co. KGaA (Merz), for the manufacture and supply of rimabotulinumtoxinB finished products (Merz Agreement). The Merz Agreement will expire in July 2027 unless the Company and Merz mutually agree to extend the terms. The Merz Agreement may not be terminated for convenience. 
 Under the terms of the agreement, the Company is required to purchase a minimum quantity of MYOBLOC finished products on an annual basis. This minimum purchase requirement represents the in-substance fixed contract consideration associated with the dedicated manufacturing facility which the Company accounts for as an embedded lease. 
 
 128 

Table of Contents 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 13. Leases (Continued) 

 Total lease assets Liabilities Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Operating lease liabilities, current portion Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Lease liabilities, long-term Operating lease liabilities, long-term Operating lease liabilities, long-term Total lease liabilities 
 Variable lease cost Total 
 Supplemental cash flow information related to leases is as follows (dollars in thousands): December 31, 2022 2021 Cash paid for operating leases Lease assets and tenant receivables obtained for new operating leases 
 
 129 

Table of Contents 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Notes to Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 13. Leases (Continued) 

 Weighted-average discount rate 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Less: Imputed interest (1) 
 ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 (1) Calculated using the interest rate for each lease. 
 
 14. 

million and million, respectively. Prompt pay discount and contractual service fees, which were originally recorded as reduction to revenues, represents estimated amounts not expected to be paid by our customers. The Company's customers are primarily pharmaceutical wholesalers and distributors and specialty pharmacies. 
 
 Work in process Finished goods Total 
 Inventories as of December 31, 2022 include acquired inventory from the Adamas Acquisition. Refer to Note 3, Acquisition , for further discussion of the acquisition. 
 
 130 

Table of Contents 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 14. Composition of Other Balance Sheet Items (Continued) 

 Leasehold improvements Software Computer equipment Construction-in-progress Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Total 
 Depreciation and amortization expense on property and equipment was approximately million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company retired certain fully depreciated property and equipment in the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Accrued compensation Accrued professional marketing fees Accrued product costs Accrued royalties (1) 
 Accrued clinical trial costs (2) 
 Operating lease liabilities, current portion (3) 
 Other accrued expenses Total 
 
 (1) Refer to Note 16, Commitments and Contingencies . 
 (2) Includes preclinical and all clinical trial-related costs. 
 (3) Refer to Note 13, Leases . 
 
 Accrued product returns Total 

131 

Table of Contents 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 

 15. 
 Interest expense on nonrecourse liability related to sale of future royalties Total 
 Interest expense includes noncash interest expense related to amortization of deferred financing costs and amortization of the debt discount on the 2023 Notes, in the amount of million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively (see Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Accounting Pronouncements Adopted in 2022 and Note 9, Convertible Senior Notes Due 2023 ). 
 
 16. 
 million pursuant to a Royalty Interest Acquisition Agreement related to the purchase by HC Royalty of certain of the Company's rights under the Company's agreement with United Therapeutics related to the commercialization of Orenitram (treprostinil) Extended-Release Tablets. The Company recorded a nonrecourse liability related to this transaction and amortizes this liability as noncash royalty revenues. Full ownership of the royalty rights will revert to the Company if and when a certain cumulative payment threshold is reached (see Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Royalty Revenues and Note 4, Disaggregated Revenues ). 
 Nonrecourse liability related to sale of future royalties, long-term Other liabilities Total 
 
 132 

Table of Contents 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 16. Commitments and Contingencies (Continued) 

million annually, under the contract manufacturing agreement with Merz for manufacture and supply. Refer to Note 13, Leases for further discussion related to the Merz Agreement in connection with the MYOBLOC annual minimum purchase requirement. 
 MDD US Operations, LLC (formerly US WorldMeds, LLC) and its subsidiary, Solstice Neurosciences, LLC (US) (collectively, the MDD Subsidiaries) entered into a Corporate Integrity Agreement (CIA) with the Office of Inspector General of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services which was effective in April 2019. Under the CIA, the MDD Subsidiaries agreed to and paid million to resolve U.S. Department of Justice allegations that it violated the False Claims Act and committed to the establishment and ongoing maintenance of an effective compliance program. The fine was paid by the MDD Subsidiaries prior to closing of the USWM Acquisition. As part of the USWM Acquisition, the Company assumed the obligations of the CIA and could become liable for payment of certain stipulated monetary penalties in the event of any CIA violations. In addition, the Company will continue to maintain a broad array of processes, policies and procedures necessary to comply with the CIA through March 2024. 
 Data Breach-related Contingency 
 On November 24, 2021, the Company announced that it was the target of a ransomware attack. The attack had no significant impact on our business and did not cause any long-term disruption to our operations. Based on its internal investigation, the Company believes the criminal ransomware groups ("criminal groups") copied certain data from the Company's systems, encrypted certain data on the Company's systems, and then deployed malware designed to impede access to the Company's systems. Thereafter the criminal groups contacted the Company and threatened to publish certain data copied from the Company's systems. Upon detection of the ransomware attack, the Company notified government authorities, engaged third-party cybersecurity experts through our outside counsel, and commenced its recovery process. The Company maintains redundant off-site data backups, which were verified to have not been compromised by the ransomware attack and were utilized to restore the data encrypted by the criminal groups. In the fourth quarter of 2021, the Company had successfully recovered the impacted files and took additional steps designed to further protect its networks and files. 
 Furthermore, while the Company has not been the subject of any legal proceedings involving the attack, the likelihood that the Company could be the subject of claims from persons alleging they suffered damages from the incident or actions by governmental authorities is possible, but the amount of such fines, penalties or costs, if any, cannot be estimated at this time. The Company continues to monitor the situation. 
 Claims and Litigation 
 From time to time, the Company may be involved in various claims, litigation and legal proceedings. These matters may involve patent litigation, product liability and other product-related litigation, commercial and other matters, and government investigations, among others. On a quarterly basis, the Company reviews the status of each significant matter and assesses its potential financial exposure. If the potential loss from any claim, asserted or unasserted, or legal proceeding is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated, the Company will accrue a liability for the estimated loss. Because of uncertainties related to claims, legal proceedings and litigation, accruals will be based on the Company's best estimates based on available information. The Company does not believe that any of these matters will have a material adverse effect on our financial position. The Company may reassess the potential liability related to these matters and may revise these estimates. The process of resolving matters through litigation or other means is inherently uncertain and it is possible that an unfavorable resolution of these matters will adversely affect the Company, its results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
 
 133 

Table of Contents 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 
 16. Commitments and Contingencies (Continued) 

billion dollars," treble damages and statutory penalties. To date the federal and state governments have declined to intervene in this action. This case is currently stayed pending Adamas's and Allergan's interlocutory appeal of the District Court's December 11, 2020 order denying Adamas's and Allergan's motion to dismiss the complaint. The appeal is pending in the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit (Case No. 21-80005). Argument was held on January 10, 2022. On August 25, 2022, the Ninth Circuit sided with the defendants by reversing the District Court s public disclosure bar rulings and remanding the case back to the District Court to decide certain issues in the first instance. On October 11, 2022, the plaintiff filed a petition for rehearing with the Ninth Circuit which was denied on November 3, 2022. On December 23, 2022, the defendants filed renewed motions to dismiss directed to the remaining unresolved issue. The district court has set a hearing on the renewed motion to dismiss for March 17, 2023. No decision has been reached as of the date of this filing. The Company intends to defend itself vigorously. However, the Company can offer no assurances that it will be successful in a litigation. 
 APOKYN Litigation 
 On October 3, 2022, Sage Chemical, Inc. and TruPharma, LLC filed a lawsuit in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware (Case No.22-cv-1302) alleging that Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Britannia Pharmaceuticals Limited, and US WorldMeds Partners, LLC violated state and federal antitrust law in connection with APOKYN. On January 10, 2023, the Company filed motions to dismiss all claims. The deadline for Plaintiffs oppositions is March 13, 2023. The Company intends to defend itself vigorously. However, the Company can offer no assurances that it will be successful in a litigation. 
 Zydus Settlement and Licensing Agreement 
 The Company has a settlement and licensing agreement dated as of December 31, 2022 with Zydus Pharmaceuticals (USA), Inc. (Zydus) to settle ongoing patent litigation regarding Zydus' ANDA filings seeking approval to market a generic version of the Company's 200mg strength Trokendi XR (extended-release topiramate) capsules. The Company previously executed a settlement and licensing agreement in March 2017 with Zydus related to the sale of a generic version of Trokendi XR for the 25mg, 50mg, and 100mg strengths on or after January 1, 2023. 
 
 17. 
 million (the "Credit Line"). Although as of March 1, 2023 the Company has not drawn from the Credit Line, it expects to do so in the future, including to fund, in part, the repayment of the 2023 Notes. The Credit Line is secured primarily by our portfolio of marketable securities, which is primarily comprised of corporate and U.S. government agency and municipal debt securities, and it contains collateral maintenance requirements. Pursuant to the terms of the Credit Line, the lender may terminate the Credit Line and/or demand full or partial payment of amounts borrowed thereunder at any time. 
 
 134 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
 Attached to this Annual Report on Form 10-K as Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2 are two certifications, termed the Section 302 certifications, one by each of our Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and our Chief Financial Officer (CFO). This Item 9A contains information concerning the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting referred to in the Section 302 Certifications. This information should be read in conjunction with the Section 302 Certifications for a more complete understanding of the topics presented. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures required by Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act has been appropriately recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. We conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our CEO and CFO, we concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022 due to the material weaknesses described below. 
 In light of the identified material weaknesses, we performed additional analyses and other procedures to ensure that the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K present fairly, in all material respects, the Company's financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods disclosed in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP). 
 Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management, under the supervision and with the participation of the CEO and CFO, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f), is a process designed under the supervision and with the participation of our management to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Because of their inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our CEO and CFO, and under the oversight of our Board of Directors, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria related to internal control over financial reporting described in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO 2013 Framework). 
 Based on management's assessment using the criteria set forth above, management concluded that the Company's internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Company disclosed material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K as of December 31, 2021. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 
 135 

Table of Contents 

 During the fourth quarter of 2022, we have identified that material weaknesses still remain specific to 1) the lack of qualified resources and an adequate risk assessment over design and effective operation of controls in our inventory and cost of goods sold processes and 2) the lack of an adequate risk assessment over the design and effective operation of controls that would affect our estimation of accrued product rebates. 
 Our independent registered public accounting firm KPMG LLP, who audited our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, issued an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. KPMG LLP s report is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Remediation Plan 
 As previously disclosed in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q as of March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2022, we took several steps to remediate the previously disclosed material weaknesses in the Annual Report on Form 10-K as of December 31, 2021, including the following: 
 (a) Implementation of a new ERP system which went live during the second quarter of 2022; 
 (b) Performance or risk assessment procedures and reevaluation of control design and control procedures; 
 (c) Active recruitment of key finance and IT personnel; and 
 (d) Conducted training on internal control over financial reporting to employees and contractors. 
 We are committed to continuing the remedial steps that are intended to address the material weaknesses in the inventory, cost of goods sold, and accrued commercial product rebates estimation processes. 
 Our remediation process for inventory and cost of goods sold included but is not limited to reevaluation of controls and control procedures, performing risk assessment procedures as well as adding new controls as necessary. We have hired new inventory personnel during the fourth quarter of 2022 and redesigned certain controls and control procedures, but there was not a sufficient number of occurrences for certain of those controls to operate to allow management to conclude these controls are properly designed and operating effectively. 
 Our remediation process for estimating accrued commercial product rebates includes but is not limited to performing additional risk assessment procedures, reevaluation of controls and control procedures, and redesigning controls as necessary. 
 While the audit committee of our board of directors and senior management are closely monitoring the remediation efforts, until the remediation efforts discussed in this section, including any additional remediation efforts that our senior management identifies as necessary, are complete, tested and determined effective, we will not be able to conclude that the material weaknesses have been remediated. The material weaknesses will not be considered remediated until the applicable controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that the controls are operating effectively. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management, including our CEO and CFO, evaluated changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022. 
 In the fourth quarter 2022, we have taken additional steps to remediate the previously disclosed material weaknesses in the Annual Report on Form 10-K as of December 31, 2021 by hiring key finance and IT personnel. Additionally, we completed the process to integrate the operations and financial reporting systems and processes of the business acquired through the Adamas Acquisition into ours. 
 Except for: 1) the above noted and previously reported material weaknesses and the related ongoing remediation activities described above, and 2) the integration of Adamas, there were no other changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Exchange Act Rule 13a-15 that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 136 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the similarly named section of our Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the similarly named section of our Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 The information required by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K is set forth below. The remainder of the information required by this Item 12 is incorporated by reference to our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 The following table shows the number of securities that may be issued pursuant to our equity compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) as of December 31, 2022: 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information Plan category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights(1) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights(1) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in the first column(2)) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 5,797,569 26.99 3,757,018 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 5,797,569 26.99 3,757,018 
 ________________________________________ 
 (1) The securities that may be issued are shares of the Company's Common Stock, issuable upon conversion of outstanding stock options. 
 (2) The securities that remain available for future issuance are issuable pursuant to the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the similarly named section of our Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the similarly named section of our Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission not later than 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 
 137 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 
 (a)(1) Index to consolidated Financial Statements 
 The Financial Statements listed in the Index to consolidated Financial Statements are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See Part II, Item 8 Financial Statement and Supplementary Data . 
 (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 Other financial statement schedules for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 have been omitted since they are either not required, not applicable, or the information is otherwise included in the consolidated financial statements or the notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 (a)(3) Exhibits 
 The Exhibits listed in the accompanying Exhibit Index are attached and incorporated herein by reference and filed as part of this report. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 
 138 

Table of Contents 

 EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 2.1 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated September 12, 2018, by and between Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Supernus Merger Sub, Inc. Biscayne Neurotherapeutics, Inc. and Reich Consulting Group, Inc., as amended by Amendment No. 1, dated September 21, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Form 10-Q filed on November 9, 2018, File No. 001-35518). 
 2.2 # Sale and Purchase Agreement Relating to USWM Enterprises, LLC, dated April 28, 2020, by and between US WorldMeds Partners, LLC and Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Form 10-Q filed on August 17, 2020, File No. 001-35518). 
 2.3 # Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 10, 2021, by and among Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Supernus Reef, Inc. and Adamas Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Form 8-K filed on October 12, 2021, File No. 001-35518). 
 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-184930, as amended on November 14, 2012). 
 3.2 
 Amended and Restated By-laws of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-184930, as amended on November 26, 2012). 
 4.1 
 Specimen Stock Certificate evidencing the shares of common stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-171375, as amended on March 16, 2012). 
 4.2 
 Indenture, dated as of March 19, 2018, between Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Form 8-K filed on March 20, 2018, File No. 001-35518). 
 4.3 
 Form of 0.625 Convertible Senior Note due 2023 (included in Exhibit 4.2). 
 10.2 + 
 Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-171375, as amended on December 23, 2010). 
 10.4 + 
 Stock Restriction Agreement, dated December 22, 2005, by and between the Registrant and Jack Khattar (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-171375, as amended on December 23, 2010). 
 10.8 
 Third Amendment to Lease, dated as of November 24, 2010, by and between ARE-East Gude Lease, LLC and the Registrant (successor-in-interest to Shire Laboratories Inc.) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-171375, as amended on December 23, 2010). 
 10.9 Asset Purchase and Contribution Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2005, by and among the Registrant, Shire Laboratories Inc. and Shire plc (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-171375, as amended on March 16, 2012). 
 10.10 Guanfacine License Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2005, by and among the Registrant, Shire LLC and Shire plc, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-171375, as amended on March 16, 2012). 

139 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 10.11 Exclusive License Agreement, dated as of June 6, 2006, by and between the Registrant and United Therapeutics Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-171375, as amended on March 16, 2012). 
 10.12 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of June 9, 2006, by and between the Registrant and Rune Healthcare Limited. 
 10.13 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-171375, as amended on February 14, 2012. 
 10.14 + 
 Offer Letter, dated June 10, 2005, to Dr. Padmanabh P. Bhatt from the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-171375, as amended on March 16, 2012). 
 10.15 + 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated February 29, 2012, by and between the Registrant and Jack Khattar (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-171375, as amended on March 16, 2012). 
 10.16 + 
 Form of Time-Based Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2012 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-171375, as amended on April 11, 2012). 
 10.17 + 
 Form of Non-Statutory Time-Based Stock Option Agreement under the Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2012 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-1, File No. 333-171375, as amended on April 11, 2012). 
 10.19 
 Commercial Supply Agreement, dated August 23, 2012, by and among Patheon, Inc. and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on February 7, 2013, File No., 001-35518). 
 10.21 
 Commercial Supply Agreement dated December 15, 2012 by and among Catalent Pharma Solutions, LLC and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on August 21, 2013, File No. 001-35518). 
 10.22 + Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Executive Officers for 2021 (incorporated by reference to Item 5.02 of the Form 8-K filed on February 24, 2021, File No. 001-35518). 
 10.23 
 Royalty Interest Acquisition Agreement, dated July 1, 2014, by and between Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and HealthCare Royalty Partners III, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on July 8, 2014, File No. 001-35518). 
 10.24 
 Security Agreement, dated July 1, 2014, by and between Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and HealthCare Royalty Partners III, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K filed on July 8, 2014, File No. 001-35518). 
 10.25 + 
 Form of Executive Retention Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on September 18, 2014, File No. 001-35518). 

140 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 10.26 + 
 Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated August 8, 2014, by and between Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Jack Khattar (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K filed on August 11, 2014, File No. 001-35518). 
 10.29 + 
 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated March 2, 2016, by and between Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Jack Khattar (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on March 4, 2016, File No. 001-35518). 
 10.30 
 Settlement Agreement, dated October 14, 2015, by and between Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Par Pharmaceutical Companies, Inc., and Par Pharmaceutical, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2015, filed on March 9, 2016, File No. 001-35518). 
 10.31 + 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Third Amended and Restated 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Company's Proxy Statement on Form DEF 14A, filed on April 27, 2018, File No. 001-35518). 
 10.32 + 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Second Amended and Restated 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix B to the Company's Proxy Statement on Form DEF 14A, filed on April 19, 2016, File No. 001-35518). 
 10.33 
 Settlement Agreement, dated March 6, 2017, by and between Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Zydus Pharmaceuticals (USA) Inc., and Cadila Healthcare Limited (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2017, filed on May 9, 2017, File No. 001-35518). 
 10.34 
 Term Sheet Agreement, dated March 6, 2017, by and between Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Actavis Laboratories, FL, Inc., Actavis Pharma, Inc., and Watson Laboratories, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2017, filed on May 9, 2017, File No. 001-35518). 
 10.35 
 Settlement Agreement, dated March 13, 2017, by and between Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Actavis Laboratories, FL, Inc., Actavis Pharma, Inc., and Watson Laboratories, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2017, filed on May 9, 2017, File No. 001-35518). 
 10.36 
 Base Convertible Bond Hedge Transaction, dated March 14, 2018, between Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch and Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on March 20, 2018, File No. 001-35518). 
 10.37 
 Base Convertible Bond Hedge Transaction, dated March 14, 2018, between Bank of America, N.A. and Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K filed on March 20, 2018, File No. 001-35518). 
 10.38 
 Base Convertible Bond Hedge Transaction, dated March 14, 2018, between JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, London Branch and Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Form 8-K filed on March 20, 2018, File No. 001-35518). 

141 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 10.39 
 Base Issuer Warrant Transaction, dated March 14, 2018, between Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch and Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Form 8-K filed on March 20, 2018, File No. 001-35518). 
 10.40 
 Base Issuer Warrant Transaction, dated March 14, 2018, between Bank of America, N.A. and Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Form 8-K filed on March 20, 2018, File No. 001-35518). 
 10.41 
 Base Issuer Warrant Transaction, dated March 14, 2018, between JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, London Branch and Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Form 8-K filed on March 20, 2018, File No. 001-35518). 
 10.42 
 Additional Convertible Bond Hedge Transaction, dated March 15, 2018, between Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch and Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Form 8-K filed on March 20, 2018, File No. 001-35518). 
 10.43 
 Additional Convertible Bond Hedge Transaction, dated March 15, 2018, between Bank of America, N.A. and Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Form 8-K filed on March 20, 2018, File No. 001-35518). 
 10.44 
 Additional Convertible Bond Hedge Transaction, dated March 15, 2018, between JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, London Branch and Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Form 8-K filed on March 20, 2018, File No. 001-35518). 
 10.45 
 Additional Issuer Warrant Transaction, dated March 15, 2018, between Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch and Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Form 8-K filed on March 20, 2018, File No. 001-35518). 
 10.46 
 Additional Issuer Warrant Transaction, dated March 15, 2018, between Bank of America, N.A. and Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Form 8-K filed on March 20, 2018, File No. 001-35518). 
 10.47 
 Additional Issuer Warrant Transaction, dated March 15, 2018, between JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, London Branch and Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Form 8-K filed on March 20, 2018, File No. 001-35518). 
 10.48 + 
 Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated May 8, 2018, between Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Jack Khattar (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on May 11, 2018, File No. 001-35518). 
 10.49 + 
 Form of Amendment to Executive Retention Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K filed on May 11, 2018, File No. 001-35518). 
 10.50 
 Lease Agreement, dated January 31, 2019, between Advent Key West, LLC and Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on February 5, 2019, File No. 001-35518). 
 10.51 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement for Non-Management Directors, issued under the Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc., 2012 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, for grants made to non-management directors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on February 27, 2020. File No. 001-35518). 

142 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 10.52 
 Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement, issued under the Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan, for grants made to Jack A. Khattar (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 8-K filed on February 27, 2020, File No. 001-35518). 
 10.53 # Development and Option Agreement, dated April 21, 2020, by and between Navitor Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-Q filed on August 17, 2020, File No. 001-35518). 
 10.54 # Amended and Restated Distribution, Development, Commercialization and Supply Agreement, dated January 15, 2016, by and between Britannia Pharmaceuticals Limited and US WorldMeds, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 10-Q filed on August 17, 2020, File No. 001-35518). 
 10.55 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Distribution, Development, Commercialization and Supply Agreement, dated February 19, 2020, by and between Britannia Pharmaceuticals Limited and US WorldMeds, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Form 10-Q filed on August 17, 2020, File No. 001-35518). 
 10.56 # Letter Agreement Re: Memorandum of Understanding for the Supply of Pens, effective February 25, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Form 10-Q filed on August 17, 2020, File No. 001-35518). 
 10.57 Letter Agreement Re: Exclusive Supply of Pens, effective September 23, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Form 10-Q filed on August 17, 2020, File No. 001-35518). 
 10.62 + 
 Offer Letter to Timothy C. Dec (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on July 29, 2021, File No. 001-35518). 
 10.63 Commercial Supply Agreement, dated May 12, 2021, by and between Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Catalent Pharma Solutions, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-Q filed on August 6, 2021, File No. 001-35518). 
 10.64 API Supply Agreement, dated July 13, 2021, by and between Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Bachem Americas, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 10-Q filed on August 6, 2021, File No. 001-35518). 
 10.65 + Form of Time-Based Incentive Stock Option Agreement, under the Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Form 10-Q filed on August 6, 2021, File No. 001-35518). 
 10.66 + Form of Non-Statutory Time-Based Stock Option Agreement, under the Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Form 10-Q filed on August 6, 2021, File No. 001-35518). 
 10.67 + Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, under the Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Form 10-Q filed on August 6, 2021, File No. 001-35518). 
 10.68 + Form of Performance Share Unit Award Agreement, under the Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Form 10-Q filed on August 6, 2021, File No. 001-35518). 

143 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 10.69 Amendment to Deed of Lease, August 23, 2021, by and between Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Key West MD Owner, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 10-Q filed on November 5, 2021, File No. 001-35518) 
 10.70 Amended and Restated API Supply Agreement by and between Adamas Pharma, LLC and Moehs Ib rica, S.L. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Form 10-Q filed by Adamas Pharmaceuticals, Inc. on November 2, 2017, File No. 001-36399) 
 10.71 Settlement Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2022, by and between Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Zydus Pharmaceuticals (USA) Inc. and Zydus Lifesciences Limited. 
 10.72 Credit Line Agreement between UBS Bank USA and Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. dated as of February 8, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K filed on February 14, 2023, File No. 001-35518) 
 14 
 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2012, filed on March 15, 2013, File No. 001-35518). 
 21 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 23.1 
 Consent of KPMG LLP. 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 101 
 The following financial information from the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Cover Page; (ii) Consolidated Statement of Earnings; (iii) Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Earnings; (iv) Consolidated Balance Sheets; (v) Consolidated Statements of Equity; (vi) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (vii) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged in summary and detail. 104 
 The Cover Page of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019, formatted in Inline XBRL (included with the Exhibit 101 attachments). 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 Confidential treatment requested under 17 C.F.R. 200.80(b)(4) and 230.406. The confidential portions of this exhibit have been omitted and are marked accordingly. The confidential portions have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to the Confidential Treatment Request. 
 Certain portions of this exhibit that constitute confidential information have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K, Item 601(b)(10)(iv) because it (i) is not material and (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed. 
 # Exhibits and schedules have been omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 601(a)(5) and will be furnished on a supplemental basis to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 
 
 144 

Table of Contents 

 + Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement in which directors or officers participate. 
 Previously filed. 
 Filed herewith. 
 
 145 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. SUPERNUS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. By: /s/ JACK A. KHATTAR Name: Jack A. Khattar Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Date: March 9, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and the dates indicated below: Signature Title Date /s/ JACK A. KHATTAR President and Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) March 9, 2023 /s/ TIMOTHY C. DEC Senior Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) March 9, 2023 /s/ CHARLES W. NEWHALL, III. Director and Chairman of the Board March 9, 2023 /s/ CARROLEE BARLOW, M.D., PH.D. Director March 9, 2023 /s/ GEORGES GEMAYEL, PH.D. Director March 9, 2023 /s/ FREDERICK M. HUDSON Director March 9, 2023 /s/ JOHN M. SIEBERT, PH.D. Director March 9, 2023 

146 

<EX-10.71>
 2
 supn-20201231xex1071.htm
 EX-10.71

Document 
 EXECUTION COPY 

 Exhibit 10.71 
 CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION IDENTIFIED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY , HAS BEEN EXCLUDED FROM THE EXHIBIT BECAUSE IT IS BOTH (I) NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD BE COMPETITIVELY HARMFUL IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED. 
 SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT 
 BY AND BETWEEN 
 SUPERNUS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
 
 AND 
 
 ZYDUS PHARMACEUTICAL (USA) INC. 
 ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES LIMITED 

DATED AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 41128897.2 

EXECUTION COPY 

 THIS SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT , (this Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Agreement is entered into as of December 31, 2022 (the Effective Date by and between, Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of Delaware, having offices located at 9715 Key West Avenue, Rockville, Maryland 20850 Supernus ), on the one hand, and Zydus Pharmaceutical (USA) Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of New Jersey having offices located at 73 Route 31 N., Pennington, New Jersey 08534 Zydus USA and Zydus Lifesciences Limited, a corporation formerly known as Cadila Healthcare Limited organized and existing under the laws of India, having offices located at Zydus Corporate Park, Scheme No. 63, Khoraj (Gandhinagar), 536, Sarkhej - Gandhinagar Hwy, Near Vaishnodevi Circle, Ahmedabad, Gujarat 382481, India Zydus Lifesciences and together with Zydus USA, Zydus ), on the other hand. Supernus and Zydus are collectively referred to herein as the Parties , or each individually as a Party . 
 R E C I T A L S 
 WHEREAS , Supernus is the owner of New Drug Application No. 201635, which was approved by the Food and Drug Administration for the manufacture and sale of an extended release topiramate oral capsule product, which Supernus sells under the trade name Trokendi XR 
 WHEREAS , Zydus USA submitted Abbreviated New Drug Application No. 216167 (as defined in the Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement, the Zydus ANDA No. 216167 in 2021, to the FDA under Section 505(j) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (codified at 21 U.S.C. 355(j)) seeking approval to engage in the manufacture, use, sale, offer for sale, or importation of an extended release 200 mg topiramate oral capsule product that is the subject of the Zydus ANDA No. 216167 (as defined in the Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement, the Zydus 200 mg Product 
 WHEREAS , Zydus USA submitted Abbreviated New Drug Application No. 207382 (as defined in the Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement, the Zydus ANDA No. 207382 in 2014 to the FDA under Section 505(j) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (codified at 21 U.S.C. 355(j)) seeking approval to engage in the manufacture, use, sale, offer for sale, or importation of an extended release 25 mg, 50 mg, and 100 mg topiramate oral capsule products that is the subject of the Zydus ANDA No. 207382 (as defined in the Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement, the Zydus 25 50 100 mg Products ), which is the subject of a prior settlement agreement and license agreement between the Parties, each dated March 6, 2017 (as defined in the Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement, the Supernus-Zydus March 6, 2017 Settlement Documents 
 WHEREAS , the filing of the Zydus ANDA No. 216167 included a paragraph IV certification seeking approval to engage in the manufacture, use and sale of the Zydus 200 mg Product prior to the expiration of United States Patent Nos. 8,298,576 (the 576 Patent ), 8,298,580 (the 580 Patent ), 8,663,683 (the 683 Patent ), 8,877,248 (the 248 Patent ), 8,889,191 (the 191 Patent ), 8,992,989 (the 989 Patent ), 9,549,940 (the 940 Patent ), 9,555,004 (the 004 Patent ), 9,622,983 (the 983 Patent ), 10,314,790 (the 790 Patent , and together with the 576 Patent, the 580 Patent, the 683 Patent, the 248 Patent, the 191 Patent, the 989 Patent, the 940 Patent, the 004 Patent, and the 983 Patent, the Litigated Patents 
 WHEREAS , Supernus filed an action for patent infringement in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, which action was captioned Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. v. Zydus Pharmaceutical (USA) Inc., et. al. , (Civil Action No. 1 21-cv-07795-JSR), and voluntarily dismissed said action without prejudice, and Supernus has 
 2 
 41128897.2 

EXECUTION COPY 

 subsequently prosecuted, and Zydus has defended, an action for patent infringement in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey (the Court regarding the Zydus ANDA No. 216167 and the Zydus 200 mg Product, which action is captioned Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. v. Zydus Pharmaceutical (USA) Inc., et. al. , (Civil Action No. 2 21-cv-17104-GC-LHG) (collectively, the Pending Litigation 
 WHEREAS , in the Pending Litigation the Zydus ANDA No. 216167 has a 30-month stay of FDA approval pursuant to 35 U.S.C. 355(j)(5)(B)(iii) expiring on February 6, 2024, and the trial is scheduled to begin on November 7, 2023 
 WHEREAS , Supernus and Zydus wish to settle the Pending Litigation and have reached an agreement, encompassing the terms and conditions set forth in this Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Agreement together with a License Agreement for the Zydus 200 mg Product (the Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement , attached hereto as Exhibit A) and an agreed Stipulation of Dismissal with regard to the Pending Litigation (the Dismissal , attached hereto as Exhibit B) (with the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Agreement, the Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement, and the Dismissal being collectively referred to as the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents 
 WHEREAS , neither Supernus nor Zydus have received any consideration from the other for their entry into this Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Agreement other than that which is set forth in the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents and 
 WHEREAS , the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents constitute Zydus s and Supernus best independent judgment as to the most convenient, effective and expeditious way to mutually settle all disputes that have arisen associated with the Zydus ANDA No. 216167. 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements described herein, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows 
 1. Capitalized terms used, but not defined herein, shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement. 
 2. The Parties consent to the jurisdiction of the Court for the purposes of the settlement of the Pending Litigation. 
 3. The Parties agree that the Court has jurisdiction over the Pending Litigation and over Supernus and Zydus, and that venue is proper in the District of New Jersey. 
 4. Zydus admits, solely with respect to the Zydus ANDA No. 216167 and the Zydus 200 mg Product, that the Litigated Patents, and all the claims contained therein, are valid and enforceable. 
 5. Zydus admits, solely with respect to the Zydus ANDA No. 216167 and the Zydus 200 mg Product, that the claims of the Litigated Patents asserted as of the Effective Date in the Pending Litigation, were infringed by the filing of the Zydus ANDA No. 216167 and, absent a license from Supernus, would be infringed by the manufacture, use, sale, offer for sale, or importation of the Zydus 200 mg Product in the Territory. 
 6. Notwithstanding the foregoing and in addition to what is provided under the Supernus-Zydus March 6, 2017 Settlement Documents, the parties agree that nothing prohibits Zydus from asserting any and all counterclaims or defenses of invalidity, non-infringement, or 
 3 
 41128897.2 

EXECUTION COPY 

 unenforceability in view of the Litigated Patents in any proceeding the subject matter of which is not the Zydus 200 mg Product or a Generic Equivalent 200 mg Product (and may file a petition for ex parte reexamination, Inter Partes Review (IPR), and Post Grant Review (PGR) of a Litigated Patent, if such Litigated Patent is asserted against Zydus or its Affiliates in any proceeding the subject matter of which is not the Zydus 200 mg Product or a Generic Equivalent 200 mg Product). 
 7. Supernus represents, warrants, and covenants that Supernus is the sole owner of the Litigated Patents, and Supernus possesses the sole right to enforce the Litigated Patents. 
 8. Zydus represents, warrants, and covenants that it has not granted or assigned to any Third Party, directly or indirectly, any right or license under or to the Zydus ANDA No. 216167 or the Zydus 200 mg Product, and that it will not, except in accordance with the Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement, do any of the foregoing (including, selling, assigning, transferring, or divesting the Zydus ANDA No. 216167 to a Third Party). 
 9. In consideration of the mutual execution of the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents and the mutual agreement to be legally bound by the terms hereof, each of Supernus and Zydus, with the intention of binding itself and its Affiliates and its and their respective predecessors, successors, heirs and assigns, directors, officers, employees and representatives, hereby fully, finally and irrevocably release and discharge the other Party, and its Affiliates and its and their respective directors, officers, employees, customers, importers, manufacturers, distributors, suppliers, insurers, attorneys, representatives and agents, or any heirs, administrators, executors, predecessors, successors, or assigns of the foregoing, from any and all actions, causes of action, suits, debts, dues, sums of money, accounts, reckonings, bonds, bills, specialties, covenants, contracts, liabilities, controversies, agreements, promises, variances, trespasses, damages, judgments, extents, executions, claims, counterclaims, demands, costs, expenses, losses, liens and obligations, whatsoever, in law or equity, whether known or unknown, pending or future, certain or contingent, occurring before or as of the Effective Date related to the Litigated Patents, including (i) in connection with the Pending Litigation, (ii) associated with the Zydus ANDA No. 216167 and Zydus 200 mg Product, and including Supernus assertion of the Litigated Patents against Zydus, or (iii) all other claims that were asserted or could have been asserted in the Pending Litigation (collectively, the Released Claims ). For purposes of clarity, nothing herein shall inhibit any Party s ability to enforce the terms of the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents, or Supernus ability to enforce any patent, including the Litigated Patents against Third Parties, or Zydus s ability to assert counterclaims or defenses of non-infringement, invalidity, or unenforceability of the Litigated Patents in any proceeding the subject matter of which is not the Zydus 200 mg Product. EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT MAY HEREAFTER DISCOVER CLAIMS OR FACTS IN ADDITION TO OR DIFFERENT FROM THOSE WHICH IT NOW KNOWS OR BELIEVES TO EXIST WITH RESPECT TO THE RELEASED CLAIMS, THE FACTS AND CIRCUMSTANCES ALLEGED IN THE ACTION, AND OR THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS ZYDUS 200 MG PRODUCT SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT, WHICH, IF KNOWN OR SUSPECTED AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THIS ZYDUS 200 MG PRODUCT SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT, MAY HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED THIS ZYDUS 200 MG PRODUCT SETTLEMENT AGREEMENT. NEVERTHELESS, UPON THE EFFECTIVENESS OF THE RELEASE OF THE RELEASED CLAIMS AS SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION, EACH PARTY HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE RELEASED CLAIMS INCLUDE WAIVERS OF ANY RIGHTS, CLAIMS, OR CAUSES OF ACTION THAT MIGHT ARISE AS A RESULT OF SUCH DIFFERENT OR ADDITIONAL CLAIMS OR FACTS. EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT UNDERSTANDS THE SIGNIFICANCE AND POTENTIAL CONSEQUENCES OF SUCH A RELEASE OF UNKNOWN UNITED STATES JURISDICTION CLAIMS AND OF SUCH A SPECIFIC 
 4 
 41128897.2 

EXECUTION COPY 

 WAIVER OF RIGHTS. EACH PARTY INTENDS THAT THE CLAIMS RELEASED BY IT UNDER THIS RELEASE BE CONSTRUED AS BROADLY AS POSSIBLE TO THE EXTENT THEY RELATE TO UNITED STATES JURISDICTION CLAIMS. EACH PARTY IS AWARE OF CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SECTION 1542, WHICH PROVIDES AS FOLLOWS 
 A general release does not extend to claims that the creditor or releasing party does not know or suspect to exist in his or her favor at the time of executing the release and that, if known by him or her, would have materially affected his or her settlement with the debtor or released party. 
 EACH PARTY AGREES TO EXPRESSLY WAIVE ANY RIGHTS IT MAY HAVE UNDER THIS CODE SECTION OR UNDER FEDERAL, STATE, OR COMMON LAW STATUTES OR JUDICIAL DECISIONS OF A SIMILAR NATURE, AND KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ALL SUCH UNKNOWN RELEASED CLAIMS. 
 10. Supernus and Zydus each represents and warrants that it has the full right, authority and power to enter into the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents on its own behalf, and on behalf of its Affiliates, and that the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents shall create and constitute a binding obligation on its part as of the Effective Date. 
 11. Supernus and Zydus agree that each will bear its own costs and legal fees for the Pending Litigation. 
 12. From the execution of the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents, and unless the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents are terminated, neither Party will actively pursue litigation activities related to the Pending Litigation, except to the extent required by court order or other Applicable Law. In consideration of the benefits of entering into the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents, the Parties, through their respective attorneys, shall, within two (2) Business Days of the Effective Date, jointly seek that the Court enter the Dismissal. In the event that the Court should refuse to enter the Dismissal, the Parties shall work together in good faith to modify the Dismissal to meet the Court s requirements, provided that nothing contained herein shall be deemed to require a Party to agree to a modification of the Dismissal or any other Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Document (or any Supernus-Zydus March 6, 2017 Settlement Document) that materially affects the economic value of the transactions contemplated hereby. If despite such good faith efforts the Court refuses within thirty (30) days of the Effective Date to enter the Dismissal, the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents shall be null and void ab initio . 
 13. The Parties shall submit the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents to the Federal Trade Commission Bureau of Competition (the Commission and the Assistant Attorney General in charge of the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice (the DOJ as soon as practicable following the Effective Date and in no event later than ten (10) Business Days following the Effective Date. The Parties shall use all reasonable efforts to coordinate the making of such filings, and shall respond promptly to any requests for additional information made by either of such agencies. Each Party reserves the right to communicate with the Commission or the DOJ regarding such filings as it believes appropriate. Each Party shall keep the other reasonably informed of such communications and shall not disclose the Confidential Information of the other without such other Party s consent (not to be unreasonably withheld). To the extent that any legal or regulatory issues or barriers arise with respect to the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents, or any subpart thereof, the Parties shall work together in good faith and use reasonable efforts to modify the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents to overcome any such legal or regulatory issues (including, for example, objections 
 5 
 41128897.2 

EXECUTION COPY 

 by the Commission, the DOJ, or any applicable court) in a mutually acceptable fashion, but in no event shall either Party be required to agree to any modification of the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents that materially affects the economic value of the transactions contemplated hereby. For purposes of this Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Agreement, reasonable efforts shall mean reasonable efforts and commitment of resources consistent with such Party s similarly situated products or projects in order to achieve a stated goal as expeditiously as practical. 
 14. This Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Agreement shall terminate upon the expiration of the Litigated Patents and any statutory or regulatory extensions, provided that Section 9 of this Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Agreement shall survive any such termination. 
 15. The Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents are governed under the provisions of the following Sections of the Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement 5 (Confidentiality) 11.1 and 11.2 (Notice) 11.3 (Assignment) 11.4 (Amendment) 11.5 (Public Announcement) 11.6 (Merger and Integration) 11.7 (Governing Law) 11.8 (Agreement Costs) 11.9 (Counterparts) 11.10 (Severability) 11.11 (Relationship of the Parties) 11.12 (Construction) 11.13 (Dispute Resolution) 11.14 (Cumulative Rights) 11.15 (No Third Party Benefit) 11.16 (Further Assurance) and 11.17 (Waiver). 
 Signature Page Follows 
 
 6 
 41128897.2 

EXECUTION COPY 

 Signature Page to Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Agreement 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have each caused this Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Agreement to be executed by their authorized representatives as of the Effective Date. 
 
 SUPERNUS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
 
 By s Jack Khattar 
 
 Name Jack Khattar 
 
 Title President and Chief Executive Officer 

ZYDUS PHARMACEUTICAL (USA) INC. 
 
 By s Brij Khera 
 
 Name Brij Khera 
 
 Title EVP & Chief Legal Officer 

ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES LIMITED 
 
 By s Pankaj R. Patel 
 
 Name Pankaj R. Patel 
 
 Title Chairman 

41128897.2 

EXECUTION COPY 

 EXHIBIT A 

LICENSE AGREEMENT 
 
 BY AND BETWEEN 
 
 SUPERNUS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
 
 AND 
 
 ZYDUS PHARMACEUTICAL (USA) INC. 
 ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES LIMITED 

DATED AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 41128897.2 

EXECUTION COPY 

THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT (this Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement is entered into as of December 31, 2022 (the Effective Date by and between, Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of Delaware, having offices located at 9715 Key West Avenue, Rockville, Maryland 20850, Supernus ), on the one hand, and Zydus Pharmaceutical (USA) Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of New Jersey having offices located at 73 Route 31 N., Pennington, New Jersey 08534 Zydus USA and Zydus Lifesciences Limited, a corporation formerly known as Cadila Healthcare Limited organized and existing under the laws of India, having offices located at Zydus Corporate Park, Scheme No. 63, Khoraj (Gandhinagar), 536, Sarkhej - Gandhinagar Hwy, Near Vaishnodevi Circle, Ahmedabad, Gujarat 382481, India Zydus Lifesciences and together with Zydus USA, Zydus ), on the other hand. Supernus and Zydus are collectively referred to herein as the Parties , or each individually as a Party . 
 R E C I T A L S 
 WHEREAS , Supernus and Zydus are parties to a certain Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Agreement of even date herewith (the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Agreement ), pursuant to which Supernus and Zydus are settling the Pending Litigation and 
 WHEREAS , in accordance with the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Agreement, Supernus and Zydus have agreed to enter into this Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement as part of the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents (as defined in the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Agreement, the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents ). 
 NOW THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing premises, the mutual covenants and agreements described herein and in the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Agreement, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows 
 1. Definitions . 
 1.1. Accelerated Zydus 200 mg Product License Date means the earlier of (i) the date of a 1 all the of the and a with respect to a to be (ii) the date of the of a following a all the of the and the to be , or by such (iii) the date an may be by a , whether pursuant to a , , or other Supernus and a by any or (iv) the date all the are from the for the Trokendi XR Product. 
 1.2. Affiliate means, with respect to a Party, a Person that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with such Party. For the purposes of this definition, the word control (including, with correlative meaning, the terms controlled by or under common control with means the actual power, either directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, to direct the management and policies of such Person, whether by the ownership of fifty percent (50 or more of the voting interest of such Person (it being understood that the direct or indirect ownership of a lesser percentage of such interest shall not necessarily preclude the existence of control), or by contract or otherwise. 
 1.3. AG Product means a product that is not Labeled with the Trokendi XR trademark containing the Compound in any strength as its sole active ingredient that is Marketed or supplied under the Supernus NDA, described therein now or hereafter. 
 
 1 This portion has been redacted pursuant to a confidential treatment request. 
 2 
 41128897.2 

EXECUTION COPY 

 1.4. ANDA means an Abbreviated New Drug Application to the FDA for approval to Manufacture and Market a pharmaceutical product in or into the Territory. 
 1.5. Anticipated Zydus 200 mg Product License Date means August 31, 2026. 
 1.6. Applicable Law means the applicable Laws, rules, regulations, guidelines and requirements of any Governmental Authority related to the performance of either Party s obligations under the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents. 
 1.7. At-Risk Launch means the First Commercial Sale of a Generic Equivalent 200 mg Product, other than an Authorized Generic 200 mg ANDA Product, by a Third Party, other than a Third Party acting pursuant to an agreement or understanding or otherwise in privity with Zydus or its Affiliates, preceding a Final Court Decision holding all the claims of the Litigated Patents asserted and finally adjudicated against the Third Party to be invalid, unenforceable, or not infringed by such Generic Equivalent 200 mg Product. 
 1.8. At-Risk Launch Date means the date of the First Commercial Sale for an At-Risk Launch. 
 1.9. At-Risk Zydus 200 mg Product License Date means (i) if a , the of (x) the , (y) if the was in an , the date the the , and (z) if the was in a and the the the of (a) after the date the the , and (b) if a in an , the date the the and (ii) if does not with the a , the provided, in each case, that the which is the subject of the continues to be in the on such date. 
 1.10. At-Risk Period shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Section 4.3.5. 
 1.11. Authorized Generic 200 mg ANDA Product means a authorized, whether pursuant to a or , for Marketing pursuant to an agreement between Supernus and a Third Party . For the avoidance of doubt, if Supernus enters into an agreement with a Third Party that the of a in the Territory, and such agreement includes a , , , , or the like with respect to of such , such shall not be considered an by virtue of such , or the like, provided such is no longer being Marketed in the Territory. 
 1.12. Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday, or a day on which banks in New York, New York are authorized or required by Law to close. 
 1.13. Claim means any Third Party claim, lawsuit, investigation, proceeding, regulatory action, or other cause of action. 
 1.14. Commercially Reasonable Efforts means efforts and diligence in accordance with Zydus s reasonable and sound business, legal, medical and scientific judgment and in accordance with the efforts and resources Zydus would use in other aspects of its business that have similar commercial value and market potential, taking into account the competitiveness of the marketplace, the business life-cycle, the proprietary position of Zydus and the profitability of the pertinent product. 
 1.15. Compound means topiramate. 
 3 
 41128897.2 

EXECUTION COPY 

 1.16. Confidential Information means, subject to Section 5.1, any scientific, technical, formulation, process, Manufacturing, clinical, non-clinical, regulatory, Marketing, financial, or commercial information or data relating to the business, projects, employees, or products of either Party and provided by one Party to the other by written, oral, electronic, or other means in connection with the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents. 
 1.17. Covenant Not to Sue shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.5. 
 1.18. Effective Date shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement. 
 1.19. FDA means the United States Food and Drug Administration or any successor agency thereof. 
 1.20. Final Court Decision means a final decision of any Federal court from which no appeal has been taken or can be taken within the time permitted therefor (other than a petition to the United States Supreme Court for a writ of certiorari ). 
 1.21. First Commercial Sale means the Shipment by a Third Party of commercial quantities of product for immediate commercial sale in the Territory to retail chains, pharmaceutical wholesalers, health care providers, or managed care providers in the Territory. In the event that Zydus provides written notice to Supernus advising that Zydus has determined that a Third Party has completed the First Commercial Sale of a Generic Equivalent 200 mg Product and the date of such First Commercial Sale (a Safe Harbor Notice ), and Supernus confirms such determination or fails to deliver written notice to Zydus reasonably and in good faith objecting to such determination (and setting forth independent and reliable information gained from reliable sources in the trade) within after receipt of such Safe Harbor Notice from Zydus, then a First Commercial Sale shall be conclusively deemed to have occurred on such date. In the event that Supernus delivers timely written notice to Zydus reasonably and in good faith objecting to the determination (and setting forth independent and reliable information gained from reliable sources in the trade) set forth in the Safe Harbor Notice, Supernus shall be deemed to have reserved its right to dispute the occurrence of the First Commercial Sale. 
 1.22. Reserved. 
 1.23. Force Majeure means any circumstances reasonably beyond a Party s control, including, acts of God, civil disorders or commotions, acts of aggression, terrorism, fire, explosions, floods, drought, war, sabotage, embargo, utility failures, supplier failures, material shortages, labor disturbances, a national health emergency, or appropriations of property. 
 1.24. GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in effect in the United States from time to time, consistently applied. 
 1.25. Generic Equivalent 200 mg Product means an extended release oral capsule product containing the Compound in 200 mg strength as its sole active ingredient which is submitted to the FDA for Regulatory Approval pursuant to an ANDA or 505(b)(2) application as a Therapeutic Equivalent to the Trokendi XR Product. For clarity, Generic Equivalent 200 mg Product shall not include AG Product. 
 1.26. Governmental Authority means any court, tribunal, arbitrator, agency, legislative body, commission, official, or other instrumentality of (i) any government of any country or (ii) a federal, state, province, county, city, or other political subdivision thereof. 
 4 
 41128897.2 

EXECUTION COPY 

 1.27. Label means any Package labeling designed for use with a product, including the package insert for such product that is approved by the FDA, and Labeled or Labeling shall have the correlated meaning. 
 1.28. Launch means the first Shipment of a Generic Equivalent 200 mg Product to a Third Party. 
 1.29. Law or Laws means all laws, statutes, rules, codes, regulations, orders, judgments, and ordinances of any Governmental Authority. 
 1.30. License and Authorization shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.2. 
 1.31. Licensed Patents means (i) the Litigated Patents and any patent that issues as a result of a continuation, continuation-in-part, divisional, reexamination, or reissue thereof and (ii) any other present or future U.S., international, or foreign patent owned or controlled by Supernus or any of its Affiliates which claims cover the Manufacturing, Marketing, Shipping, using, or importing of the Zydus 200 mg Product. 
 1.32. Litigated Patents shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Agreement. 
 1.33. Losses means any liabilities, damages, costs, or expenses, including reasonable attorneys fees and expert fees, incurred by any Party that arises from any claim, lawsuit or other action by a Third Party. 
 1.34. Manufacture means all activities related to the manufacturing, development and use of a pharmaceutical product, or any ingredient thereof, including, manufacturing Compound or supplies for development, manufacturing a product for commercial sale, packaging, in-process and finished product testing, release of product or any component or ingredient thereof, quality assurance activities related to manufacturing and release of product, ongoing stability tests and regulatory activities related to any of the foregoing, and Manufactured or Manufacturing shall have the correlated meaning. 
 1.35. Market means to distribute, promote, advertise, market, offer for sale, or sell, to a Third Party, and Marketing or Marketed shall have the correlated meaning. 
 1.36. Net Sales shall equal the for sales of the Zydus 200 mg Product to Third Parties in the Territory all , all as determined in accordance with for other pharmaceutical products and consistent with the customary practices in the generic pharmaceutical industry in the Territory, , and which, as applicable, are actually , , , or specifically , including 
 1.36.1 , , , , , or 
 1.36.2 and , and any other or and , , and (including ), all to the extent to the and and in accordance with applicable Law (but the from such 
 1.36.3 , and , and 
 1.36.4 , including (including those on following price changes) and for or 
 5 
 41128897.2 

EXECUTION COPY 

 1.36.5 , , , any other (including , and actually or to any Person, including , , and to , including their , or to , in each case that are not Affiliates of Zydus, and that are directly attributable to the sale of the Zydus 200 mg Product 
 1.36.6 and similar payments made with respect to for by or , , or similar in the Territory (including and program , and for required by the and and 
 1.36.7 , , and like that are customary in the industry that are from , and other to . 
 For the sake of clarity, all such deductions represent reductions to the for sales of the Zydus 200 mg Product by Zydus or its Affiliates to Third Parties in the Territory in accordance with GAAP. 
 1.37. NDA means a New Drug Application (or equivalent regulatory mechanism) filed with the FDA pursuant to and under 21 U.S.C. 355(b) (as amended, supplemented, or replaced), together with the FDA s implementing rules and regulations. 
 1.38. Orange Book means the Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations published by FDA. 
 1.39. Package means all primary containers, including bottles, cartons, shipping cases, or any other like matter used in packaging or accompanying a product, and Packaged or Packaging shall have the correlated meaning. 
 1.40. Party or Parties shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement. 
 1.41. Pending Litigation shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Agreement. 
 1.42. Person means any individual, partnership, association, corporation, limited liability company, trust, or other legal person or entity. 
 1.43. Regulatory Approval means final Marketing approval by the FDA for the Marketing of a pharmaceutical product in the Territory. 
 1.44. Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Recitals. 
 1.45. Shipped means, with respect to a product, when a Person has delivered shipments of such product to a common carrier in the Territory for shipment to other Persons for resale in each instance, Shipment, Ship, or Shipping shall have the correlated meaning. 
 1.46. Supernus shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement. 
 1.47. Supernus NDA means NDA No. 201635, as amended, or supplemented. 
 6 
 41128897.2 

EXECUTION COPY 

 1.48. Supernus Party shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.2. 
 1.49. Supernus External Auditor shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.8. 
 1.50. Supernus-Zydus March 6, 2017 Settlement Documents shall mean the settlement agreement and license agreement between the Parties each dated March 6, 2017 concerning Zydus ANDA No. 207382. 
 1.51. Term shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.1. 
 1.52. Territory means the United States of America, and its territories, commonwealths, districts and possessions, including the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
 1.53. Therapeutic Equivalent shall have the meaning given to it by the FDA in the current edition of the Orange Book as may be amended from time to time during the Term. 
 1.54. Third Party or Third Parties means any Person or entity other than a Party or its Affiliates. 
 1.55. Third Party Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 3.8. 
 1.56. Trokendi XR Product means the extended release oral capsule product containing the Compound in 200 mg strength as its sole active ingredient which is approved for Marketing pursuant to the Supernus NDA and is Marketed in the Territory under the Trokendi XR trademark (or a successor trademark adopted for such product). 
 1.57. TRO PI means a motion for temporary restraining order and or preliminary injunction, or other court filing, in each case seeking cessation or prevention of an At-Risk Launch. 
 1.58. Zydus shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the preamble to this Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement. 
 1.59. Zydus ANDA No 207382 shall mean ANDA No. 207382 (together with any amendments, supplements, or other changes thereto) seeking approval to engage in the Manufacture, use, and sale of extended release oral capsule products containing the Compound in 25 mg, 50 mg, or 100 mg strengths as their sole active ingredient. 
 1.60. Zydus ANDA No 216167 shall mean ANDA No. 216167 (together with any amendments, supplements, or other changes thereto) seeking approval to engage in the Manufacture, use, and sale of an extended release oral capsule product containing the Compound in 200 mg strength as its sole active ingredient. 
 1.61. Zydus 200 mg Product Launch means a Launch by Zydus of a Zydus 200 mg Product. 
 1.62. Zydus 200 mg Product License Date means the of 
 1.62.1 the 
 7 
 41128897.2 

EXECUTION COPY 

 1.62.2 an or 
 1.62.3 an . 
 1.63. Zydus Party shall have the meaning assigned to such term in Section 7.1. 
 1.64. Zydus 25 50 100 mg Products means extended release oral capsule products containing the Compound in 25mg, 50mg, or 100 mg strengths as their sole active ingredient, which is the subject of the Zydus ANDA No. 207382, including all formulations and strengths thereof, described therein now or hereafter. 
 1.65. Zydus 200 mg Product means an extended release oral capsule product containing the Compound in 200 mg strength as its sole active ingredient, which is the subject of the Zydus ANDA No. 216167, including all formulations and strengths thereof, described therein now or hereafter. 
 2. License and Authorization 
 2.1. Subject to the terms, conditions, and limitations hereof, including the conditions set forth in Section 3, Supernus hereby grants to Zydus a non-exclusive license, under the Licensed Patents to (i) Manufacture, have Manufactured, import, use, and Market the Zydus 200 mg Product in, into, or for the Territory, on and after the applicable Zydus 200 mg Product License Date and (ii) Manufacture, and have Manufactured, import, and conduct regulatory activities regarding the Zydus 200 mg Product in, into, or for the Territory prior to the Zydus 200 mg Product License Date (but not to Market or Ship the Zydus 200 mg Product prior to the Zydus 200 mg Product License Date) in sufficient quantities to permit Zydus to Market and Ship the Zydus 200 mg Product in, into, or for the Territory beginning prior to the Zydus 200 mg Product License Date, (iii) beginning to a date in good faith anticipated by Zydus to be the date that a Final Court Decision will be entered finding all the claims of the Litigated Patents asserted and finally adjudicated against a Third Party with respect to a Generic Equivalent 200 mg Product to be invalid, unenforceable, or not infringed by such Generic Equivalent 200 mg Product (a Potential Final Court Decision ), Manufacture, and have Manufactured, import, and conduct regulatory activities regarding the Zydus 200 mg Product in, into, or for the Territory prior to the Zydus 200 mg Product License Date (but not to Market or Ship the Zydus 200 mg Product prior to the Zydus 200 mg Product License Date) in sufficient quantities to permit Zydus to Market and Ship the Zydus 200 mg Product in, into, or for the Territory on and after the Zydus 200 mg Product License Date provided that all Zydus 200 mg Product remain at Zydus or its distributor s warehouse until a Zydus 200 mg Product License Date and further provided, that Zydus shall re-export (or, at Zydus option, destroy) any Zydus 200 mg Product which remains in the Territory at such time that Zydus in good faith determines that no such Final Court Decision will be issued with respect to a Third Party s Generic Equivalent 200 mg Product and no Accelerated Zydus 200 mg Product License Date will result from such Potential Final Court Decision. To the extent Supernus owns or controls any regulatory exclusivities granted by the FDA that may prevent or hinder Regulatory Approval or Marketing of the Zydus 200 mg Product, Supernus hereby waives, effective as of the date that Zydus is licensed to conduct the applicable activity hereunder, such exclusivities. Supernus shall, if requested by Zydus, send the FDA a written confirmation of Supernus grant of the foregoing license under the Licensed Patents and Supernus agreement to waive, effective as of the date that Zydus is licensed to conduct the applicable activity hereunder, such regulatory exclusivities with respect to the Zydus 200 mg Product or Zydus ANDA No. 216167. 
 8 
 41128897.2 

EXECUTION COPY 

 2.2. The license and authorization granted in Section 2.1 and Section 3.1 of this Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement are referred to herein as the License and Authorization. Except to the extent permitted pursuant to Section 11.3, and without derogating from Zydus s have Manufactured rights set forth in Section 2.1, Zydus and its Affiliates shall not have the right to sublicense, assign, or transfer any of its rights under the License and Authorization. 
 2.3. In the event the becomes effective due to an and there are thereafter no longer any the in the (other than or subject to substantially the same provisions as set forth in this Section), from , shall immediately terminate, and and its shall (no than the of the following Zydus receipt of such notice) the and of until such subsequent as another event constituting a shall have occurred. 
 2.4. Except as set forth in the License and Authorization or expressly set forth in this Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement or other Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents, there are no authorizations, licenses, or rights granted by either Party under this Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, including any right granted to Zydus or its Affiliates to Market or Manufacture any Generic Equivalent 200 mg Product except under Zydus ANDA No. 216167. All rights not expressly granted by Supernus herein are hereby retained by Supernus. In addition, except as expressly set forth in this Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement or other Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents, Supernus explicitly retains the right itself or through an Affiliate to Market an AG Product, and Supernus is free to grant a license under the Licensed Patents or supply AG Product to any Third Party. 
 3. Covenants 
 3.1. Except as expressly provided in Section 2.1, Zydus and its Affiliates hereby agree not to manufacture, have manufactured, import, sell, offer to sell, or use Zydus 200 mg Product in the Territory prior to the applicable Zydus 200 mg Product License Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing and in addition to Section 2.1, Supernus hereby grants Zydus a limited license, commencing days prior to the Zydus 200 mg Product License Date, to communicate to potential purchasers that Zydus will be selling the Zydus 200 mg Product in the Territory on or after the Zydus 200 mg Product License Date (including, for example, notification to customers regarding the Zydus 200 mg Product, and engaging customers in non-binding pricing contracting activities), and shipping or delivering or distributing the Zydus 200 mg Product to Third Party distributors or Affiliated distributors, in each case solely for the purpose of conducting preparations for a Zydus 200 mg Product Launch in or into the Territory on the . In addition, starting days prior to a reasonably anticipated , hereby grants Zydus a license to engage in premarketing activities including contacting customers and engaging in non-binding contracting negotiations, and entering into binding contracts beginning days prior to a reasonably anticipated . 
 3.2. In addition to any covenants in Section 3 of the license agreement included in Supernus-Zydus March 6, 2017 Settlement Documents, Zydus shall not assist, coordinate with, or otherwise help any Third Parties in prosecuting, defending, or settling their litigations concerning their ANDA to Market any Generic Equivalent 200 mg Product, except as required by Law. Zydus and its Affiliates hereby agree not to (i) challenge the validity or enforceability of the Litigated Patents (including but not limited to a petition for ex parte reexamination, Inter Partes Review (IPR), and Post Grant Review (PGR)) (ii) aid, abet, assist, enable, or participate with any Third Party in a challenge to the validity or enforceability of the Litigated Patents or the non-infringement of a Generic Equivalent 200 mg Product (iii) Market 
 9 
 41128897.2 

EXECUTION COPY 

 or Manufacture a Generic Equivalent 200 mg Product other than the Zydus 200 mg Product pursuant to the License and Authorization or (iv) aid, abet, enable, or contract with any Third Party regarding the Marketing or Manufacturing of any Generic Equivalent 200 mg Product in or into the Territory other than the Zydus 200 mg Product. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and in addition to what is provided under the Supernus-Zydus March 6, 2017 Settlement Documents, nothing herein shall prohibit Zydus from asserting any and all counterclaims or defenses of invalidity, non-infringement, or unenforceability in view of the Litigated Patents in any proceeding the subject matter of which is not the Zydus 200 mg Product or a Generic Equivalent 200 mg Product (and may file a petition for ex parte reexamination, Inter Partes Review (IPR), and Post Grant Review (PGR) of a Litigated Patent, if such Litigated Patent is asserted against Zydus or its Affiliates in any proceeding the subject matter of which is not the Zydus 200 mg Product or a Generic Equivalent 200 mg Product). 
 3.3. In addition to any other right or remedy Supernus may be entitled to, in the event that Zydus or its Affiliates breaches Sections 3.1 or 3.2, Supernus may, at its sole discretion, immediately, effective upon notice to Zydus, terminate all, or any of, the Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement or the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Agreement. 
 3.4. Nothing set forth herein or in the other Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents shall be deemed to give Supernus any control over any Marketing exclusivity that may be granted to Zydus by the FDA in connection with Zydus ANDA No. 216167 or the Zydus 200 mg Product. Nothing set forth herein or in the other Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents shall be deemed to prevent or restrict Zydus from Manufacturing or Marketing any Generic Equivalent 200 mg Product which would not infringe the Licensed Patents, and nothing herein shall prohibit Zydus from entering into any agreement with a Third Party related to any Generic Equivalent 200 mg Product that does not infringe the Licensed Patents. 
 3.5. Supernus hereby covenants not to sue Zydus or its Affiliates or any of their respective shareholders, licensees, sublicensees, customers, suppliers, importers, manufacturers, distributors, insurers, or any heirs, administrators, executors, predecessors, successors, or assigns of the foregoing, or cause or authorize any Person to do any of the foregoing, claiming or otherwise asserting that the manufacture, use, sale, offer for sale, or importation of the Zydus 200 mg Product infringes the Licensed Patents (the Covenant Not to Sue ). Supernus will impose the foregoing Covenant Not to Sue on any Third Party to which Supernus may assign, grant a right to enforce, or otherwise transfer (by any means) any of the Licensed Patents subject to the foregoing Covenant Not to Sue. The Covenant Not to Sue shall not apply in the event Supernus has terminated this Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement. For any of the Licensed Patents listed in the Orange Book for the Trokendi XR Product, the Covenant Not to Sue will hereby be treated as a non-exclusive license, so that Zydus or its Affiliates may file and maintain with the FDA Paragraph IV Certifications under 21 U.S.C. 355(j)(2)(A)(vii)(IV) (as amended or replaced) and 21 U.S.C. 355(b)(2)(A)(iv) (as amended or replaced) with respect to Zydus ANDA No. 216167. 
 3.6. Supernus and its affiliates shall not to with the FDA approval of Zydus ANDA No. 216167, or the as of the Zydus 200 mg Product License Date, including by (i) , , as , or the prior to the after the in the (ii) or any with respect to the from the (iii) for the (iv) , , , or otherwise the return of the due to a or issue based on , prior to the in the (v) or otherwise any with the to any of the from the due to a or issue based on , prior to the after in the or (vi) filing any with the relating to of , for purposes of or which are based on , . 
 10 
 41128897.2 

EXECUTION COPY 

 3.7. Zydus covenants that Zydus and its Affiliates will not grant a written release of any right, or grant a written waiver of conflict of interest, in each case which allows or permits any attorney (including any of the attorneys or law firms of record in the Pending Litigation) to assist, or cooperate with, any Third Party (including any current or future litigant in a litigation against Supernus) with respect to to the . Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the of any of this Section, such shall not give any to the or this and for any such shall be an by such , provided such shall under no circumstances . 
 3.8. Supernus represents and covenants to Zydus that the Zydus 200 mg Product License Date and the pre-marketing activities set forth in Section 3.1, and royalties rates set forth in Section 4.3 are and will be equivalent to or better than the terms granted by Supernus after the Effective Date to any Third Party Third Party Agreement ). If Supernus has entered or enters into a Third Party Agreement providing such Third Party with more favorable license effective dates, pre-marketing activities, or royalty rates , then the applicable terms in this Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement shall be automatically amended to provide such more favorable terms to Zydus. Supernus will notify Zydus within ten (10) Business Days of entering into any such Third Party Agreement. 
 3.9. Reserved. 
 3.10. Prior to the Zydus 200 mg Product License Date, Supernus will provide written notice to Zydus within ten (10) Business Days after each time either (i) Supernus submits a document to FDA seeking a change in the Label for the Trokendi XR Product, including any specific Labeling amendments or supplements to the Supernus NDA or (ii) FDA communicates to Supernus a suggestion or directive to make a change to the Label for the Trokendi XR Product. In each case such notice shall include the text of the proposed or directed Label change. 
 4. Marketing of Zydus 200 mg Product 
 4.1. Zydus Pricing . Zydus will have sole discretion in setting the price for the sale of Zydus 200 mg Product in the Territory. 
 4.2. Scope of License Agreement . Except to the extent permitted pursuant to Section 11.3, and without derogating from Zydus s have Manufactured rights set forth in Section 2.1 or the rights of Third Parties after the first sale of any Zydus 200 mg Product as permitted under this Agreement, only Zydus and its Affiliates shall be permitted to Launch and Market the Zydus 200 mg Product under this Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement. 
 4.3. Zydus Royalties . For any Zydus 200 mg Product sold during the period commencing upon the and continuing until the of the of the as of the Effective Date in the Pending Litigation (the Royalty Term ), Zydus will pay to Supernus a royalty as follows 
 4.3.1 of Net Sales on Zydus 200 mg Product sold (as determined by for other pharmaceutical products, during any period when the is in the 
 4.3.2 of Net Sales on Zydus 200 mg Product sold (as determined by for other pharmaceutical products, during any period when the Zydus 200 mg Product is 
 11 
 41128897.2 

EXECUTION COPY 

 4.3.3 of Net Sales on Zydus 200 mg Product sold (as determined by for other pharmaceutical products, during any period when the Zydus 200 mg Product is in the 
 4.3.4 of Net Sales on Zydus 200 mg Product sold when there are or (it being acknowledged, for the avoidance of doubt that the license granted hereunder shall be during any period in which this Section 4.3.4 is applicable) 
 4.3.5 Notwithstanding Sections 4.3.1 through 4.3.4, in the event that Zydus sells any Zydus 200 mg Product after an At-Risk Launch and prior to the the Anticipated License Date or an Accelerated License Date (the At-Risk Period and subsequently a such (which is not subsequently or otherwise or ), the royalty on Net Sales of the Zydus 200 mg Product during such At-Risk Period will be to of Net Sales on Zydus 200 mg Product sold (as determined by for other pharmaceutical products, , unless any such is subsequently and Zydus will pay to Supernus the the of actually by and of such Net Sales on Zydus 200 mg Product provided that the total by for sales of the Zydus 200 mg Product during such At-Risk Period shall , on a , the by the initiating the At-Risk Launch. In the event Supernus a (other than a an , the determination of whether the in the under this Section 4.3.5 shall be applicable will be made upon the of a concerning such . 
 4.4. Royalty Payments . Payments due under this Section 4 shall be made within from the end of each calendar quarter in which Zydus 200 mg Product is sold. All such payments shall include a report provided consistent with the antitrust laws which details the calculation of gross sales, Net Sales, and the royalties payable hereunder. 
 4.5. Annual True-Up . Within one hundred and eighty (180) days after the end of each calendar year during the Royalty Term in which fees are payable to Supernus pursuant to this Section 4, Zydus shall perform a true up reconciliation (and shall provide Supernus with a written report of such reconciliation) of the items comprising deductions from Net Sales other than returns. The reconciliation shall be based on actual cash paid or credits actually issued plus an estimate for any remaining liabilities incurred related to Zydus 200 mg Product but not yet paid. If the foregoing reconciliation report shows either an underpayment or an overpayment between the Parties, the Party owing payment to the other Party shall pay the amount of the difference to the other Party within thirty (30) days of the date of delivery of such report. 
 4.6. Final True-Up . Within twenty-five (25) months of the end of the last calendar year during the Royalty Term in which fees are payable to Supernus pursuant to this Section 4, Zydus shall perform a true-up reconciliation (and shall provide Supernus with a written report of such reconciliation) of the items comprising deductions from Net Sales for returns. The reconciliation shall be based on actual cash paid or credits issued for returns, through the twenty-four (24) month period following the termination of the Royalty Term. If the foregoing reconciliation report shows either an underpayment or an overpayment between the Parties, the Party owing payment to the other Party shall pay the amount of the difference to the other Party within thirty (30) days of the date of delivery of such report. 
 4.7. Maintenance of Records . Zydus shall, and shall ensure that its Affiliates shall, keep at either its normal place of business, or at an off-site storage facility, detailed, accurate, and up to date records consisting of (i) records and books of account sufficient to 
 12 
 41128897.2 

EXECUTION COPY 

 confirm the calculation of the gross sales, Net Sales, and the royalties payable hereunder and (ii) any invoices or reports accompanying any payment to Supernus provided to Supernus in connection with this Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement. Such records shall be retained for a period of at least two (2) years after the end of each calendar quarter to which such records relate. 
 4.8. Inspection . On no less than notice from Supernus, Zydus shall make all the records referred to in Section 4.7 of this Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement available for inspection during normal business hours by an internationally recognized independent accounting firm selected by Supernus and reasonably acceptable to Zydus that is not paid in whole or in part by a contingent fee arrangement Supernus External Auditor for the purpose of general review or audit provided that Supernus may not request such inspection more than once in any calendar year. Upon reasonable belief of discrepancy or dispute, Supernus External Auditor shall be entitled to take copies or extracts from such records and books of account (but only to the extent related to the contractual obligations set out in this Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement) during any review or audit, provided Supernus External Auditor signs a confidentiality agreement with Zydus providing that such records and books of account shall be treated as Confidential Information which may not be disclosed to Supernus or any Third Party. Supernus External Auditor shall only disclose to Supernus the results of the Supernus External Auditor s audit, which results shall be concurrently disclosed to Zydus. Any underpayment of amounts due hereunder as reflected by Supernus External Auditor s results shall be promptly paid by Zydus to Supernus. 
 4.9. Inspection Costs . Supernus shall be solely responsible for its and Supernus External Auditor s costs in making any such review and audit, unless Supernus External Auditor identifies a discrepancy in the calculation of royalties paid to Supernus under this Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement in any calendar year from those properly payable for that calendar year of or greater, in which event Zydus shall be solely responsible for the cost of such review and audit and shall pay Supernus any payment due. All information disclosed by Zydus or its Affiliates pursuant to this Section 4 shall be deemed Confidential Information. 
 1.1. Payment Method . All payments to be made by Zydus to Supernus under this Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement shall be in United States dollars in immediately available funds and shall be made by wire transfer to an account designated by Supernus, such account to be designated by Supernus at least prior to the date any such payment is due. Any payments to be made by Supernus to Zydus under this Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement shall be in United States dollars in immediately available funds and shall be made by wire transfer to an account designated by Zydus for such purpose. 
 1.2. Late Payments . In addition to any other rights and remedies, in the event payments required to be made under this Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement are not made on or prior to the required payment date, or cured within thereafter, the amount of the late payment shall bear interest at the lesser of above the prime rate reported in The Wall Street Journal (Eastern Edition) on the date such payment was due and the maximum permissible rate under the Law commencing on the date such payment is due until such date as the payment is made. 
 1.3. Taxes . Supernus shall be responsible for and shall pay all taxes payable on any income or any payments by Zydus to Supernus. Zydus and Supernus shall bear sole responsibility for payment of compensation to their respective personnel, employees, or subcontractors and for all employment taxes and withholding with respect to such compensation pursuant to Applicable Law. Zydus shall have the right to withhold taxes in the event that the 
 13 
 41128897.2 

EXECUTION COPY 

 revenue authorities in any country require the withholding of taxes on amounts paid hereunder to Supernus. Zydus shall secure and promptly send to Supernus proof of such taxes, duties, or other levies withheld and paid by Zydus for the benefit of Supernus. Each Party agrees to cooperate with the other Party in claiming exemptions from such deductions or withholdings under any agreement or treaty from time to time in effect. 
 5. Confidentiality 
 5.1. Confidentiality Obligation . The Parties shall keep and maintain, and shall cause their respective Affiliates and their respective employees, directors, officers, consultants, and contractors to keep and maintain, as confidential any Confidential Information supplied by the other Party during the Term. The confidentiality and non-disclosure obligations contained in the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents shall not apply to, and definition of Confidential Information shall not include, any information to the extent that such information is 
 5.1.1 at the time of disclosure by one Party to the other, in the public domain or otherwise publicly known 
 5.1.2 after disclosure by one Party to the other becomes part of the public domain, other than by breach by a Party of any obligation of confidentiality 
 5.1.3 information which the receiving Party can establish by competent evidence was already in its possession at the time of receipt or was independently developed by the receiving Party or 
 5.1.4 received from a Third Party who was lawfully entitled to disclose such information free of an obligation of confidentiality. 
 5.2. Exceptions . Notwithstanding Section 5.1, in addition to any disclosure allowed under Section 11.5, the Party receiving Confidential Information may disclose such Confidential Information to the extent that such disclosure has been ordered by a court of law or directed by a Governmental Authority, provided that, the disclosure is limited to the extent ordered or directed and wherever practicable, the Party that owns the Confidential Information has been given sufficient written notice in advance to enable it to seek protection or confidential treatment of such Confidential Information. 
 5.3. Expiration of Confidentiality . The confidentiality obligation contained in this Section 5 shall survive the termination or expiry of this Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement for so long as such Confidential Information remains confidential. 
 5.4. Disclosure . If a Party is subpoenaed or otherwise requested by any Person, including any Governmental Authority, (i) to give testimony or provide information which in any way relates to the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents, or (ii) to disclose through testimony or otherwise disclose Confidential Information of the other Party which in any way relates to the Zydus 200 mg Product or practices associated with the Zydus 200 mg Product, then in each case such Party shall give the other Party prompt notice of such request, and unless otherwise required by Law, shall make no disclosure until such other Party has had a reasonable opportunity to contest the right of the requesting Person to such disclosure. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either Party may state publicly that the Pending Litigation has been settled on terms that are confidential. 
 14 
 41128897.2 

EXECUTION COPY 

 5.5. Enforcement . The Parties agree that equitable relief, including injunctive relief and specific performance, is appropriate in enforcing the confidentiality provisions of the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents. In the event of any such action, the prevailing Party will be entitled to recover, in addition to any charges fixed by the court, its costs and expenses of suit, including reasonable attorney s fees. Such remedies shall not be deemed to be the exclusive remedies for a breach of this provision, but shall be in addition to all other remedies available at law or equity. 
 6. Representations and Warranties of Parties 
 6.1. Supernus represents and warrants to Zydus that Supernus possess the rights and authority to grant the License and Authorization to Zydus. 
 6.2. Each of Supernus and Zydus represents, warrants, and covenants, to the other Party that 
 6.2.1 Organization and Authority . Such Party is a corporation or other legal entity duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its formation. Such Party has the requisite power and authority to enter into the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents. Such Party has the requisite power and authority to execute and deliver the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents and to perform all of its obligations hereunder. The execution and delivery of the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents and the performance by such Party of its obligations hereunder have been authorized by all requisite action on its part. The Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents have been validly executed and delivered by such Party, and, assuming that such documents have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the other Party, constitutes a valid and binding obligation of such Party, enforceable against such Party in accordance with its terms. 
 6.2.2 Consents and Approvals . Except as otherwise set forth in this Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement or other Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents, no material filing with, and no material permit, authorization, consent, or approval, of or from any Governmental Authority is required to be obtained by or on behalf of such Party with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents, except for those filings, permits, authorizations, consents, or approvals, the failure of which to be made or obtained would not materially impair such Party s ability to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby or materially delay the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 
 6.2.3 No Violations . Neither the execution nor the delivery of the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents by such Party, nor the performance by such Party of its obligations hereunder, will (i) violate the certificate of incorporation, certificate of formation, by-laws, or other organizational document of such Party (ii) conflict in any material respect with or result in a material violation or breach of, or constitute a material default under, any material contract, agreement, or instrument to which such Party is a party or (iii) violate or conflict in any material respect with any material Law applicable to such Party. 
 7. Indemnities Product Liability Insurance 
 15 
 41128897.2 

EXECUTION COPY 

 7.1. Indemnity by Supernus . Supernus shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless each of Zydus and its Affiliates and its and their directors, officers, employees, and contractors (each a Zydus Party from and against any and all Losses, arising from or in connection with 
 7.1.1 any Claim resulting from any negligent acts or acts of willful misconduct of any Supernus Party in connection with the performance of its obligations under this Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement or 
 7.1.2 the breach by Supernus of any of its representations or warranties contained in this Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement, 
 except, in each case, to the extent such Losses are caused by the negligence, breach of the terms of this Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement, or willful misconduct of a Zydus Party. 
 7.2. Indemnity by Zydus . Zydus shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless each of Supernus and its Affiliates and its and their directors, officers, employees, and contractors (each, a Supernus Party from and against any and all Losses arising from or in connection with 
 7.2.1 any Claim resulting from any negligent acts or acts of willful misconduct of any Zydus Party in connection with the performance of its obligations under this Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement 
 7.2.2 any Claim based on or arising out of the use, Manufacturing, Labeling, Packaging, or Marketing of Zydus 200 mg Product, including, any investigation by a Governmental Authority or any claim for personal injury or property damage asserted by any user of Zydus 200 mg Product (but any based on or arising out of any portion of the of the that, pursuant to , is required to be the same as the for the or 
 7.2.3 the breach by Zydus of any of its representations or warranties contained in this Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement, 
 except, in each case, to the extent that such Losses are caused by the negligence, breach of the terms of this Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement, or willful misconduct of a Supernus Party. 
 7.3. Control of Proceedings . A Party seeking indemnification hereunder shall provide prompt written notice thereof to the other Party (and, in any event, within thirty (30) days) of the assertion of any Claim against such indemnified Party as to which indemnity is to be requested hereunder. The indemnifying Party shall have the sole control over the defense of any Claim, provided that, the indemnifying Party shall obtain the written consent of the indemnified Party prior to settling or otherwise disposing of such Claim if as a result of the settlement or Claim disposal the indemnified Party s interests are in any way adversely affected. 
 7.4. No Admissions . The indemnified Party shall not make any payment or incur any expenses in connection with any liability for which such Party is seeking indemnification, or make any admissions or do anything that may compromise or prejudice the defense of any Claim without the prior written consent of the indemnifying Party. 
 7.5. Claim Information . Each Party shall promptly 
 16 
 41128897.2 

EXECUTION COPY 

 7.5.1 inform the other by written notice of any actual or threatened Claim to which Sections 7.1 or 7.2 apply 
 7.5.2 provide to the other Party copies of all papers and official documents received in respect of any such Claim and 
 7.5.3 cooperate as reasonably requested by the other Party in the defense of any such Claim, provided any actual out of pocket costs incurred in connection with such cooperation shall be at the expense of the indemnifying Party. 
 7.6. Limitation of Liability. Except as may be included in a Claim under Section 7.1, 7.2, or 7.8, or a breach by any Party of Section 3, Section 5, or Section 11.5, in no event shall any Party or its Affiliates be liable for special, punitive, indirect, incidental, or consequential loss or damage based on contract, tort, or any other legal theory arising out of this Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement. 
 7.7. Product Liability Insurance . Each Party shall maintain, at its own cost, general commercial liability insurance (including comprehensive product liability) in such amount as such Party customarily maintains with respect to its other products and which is reasonable and customary in the U.S. pharmaceutical industry for companies of comparable size and activities, but in any event not less than per occurrence and in the aggregate. In the event the insurance policy obtained by a Party is a claims made policy (as opposed to an occurrence policy), such Party shall obtain comparable insurance for not less than following the expiry or termination of this Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement (or, in Zydus case, the cessation of sales of the Zydus 200 mg Product hereunder). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, either Party may fulfill all of its obligations hereunder through the purchase of commercial insurance, self-insurance, or through a combination of both. 
 1.1. Irreparable Harm . Zydus and its Affiliates acknowledge that in the event of a Zydus 200 mg Launch or continued Marketing or Shipping by Zydus or its Affiliates of Zydus 200 mg Product or any other Generic Equivalent 200 mg Product in the Territory other than as permitted under this Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement, the damages to Supernus and its business (including, but not limited to, lost sales of the Trokendi XR Product) would be difficult to calculate and the adequacy of monetary damages calculated at Law would be uncertain. Accordingly, Zydus and its Affiliates agree that in any action by Supernus seeking injunctive or other equitable relief in connection with any such Zydus 200 mg Launch or continued Marketing or Shipping, other than as permitted under this Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement, Zydus and its Affiliates shall not assert or plead the availability of an adequate remedy at Law as a defense to the obtaining of any such remedy. Zydus and its Affiliates hereby waive any equitable defense to such injunction including, laches, unclean hands, acquiescence, or any estoppel arguments. The foregoing shall not be in lieu of any other remedy to which Supernus may be entitled hereunder in equity or at law as a result of such a breach. 
 1.2. Limitation on Representations, Warranties and Indemnification . NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE DEEMED TO MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY SET FORTH HEREIN. ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE HEREBY DISCLAIMED BY EACH PARTY. 
 8. Force Majeure 
 17 
 41128897.2 

EXECUTION COPY 

 8.1. Force Majeure . Neither Party shall be entitled to terminate this Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement or shall be liable to the other under this Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement for loss or damages attributable to any Force Majeure, provided the Party affected shall give prompt notice thereof to the other Party. Subject to Section 8.2, the Party giving such notice shall be excused from such of its obligations hereunder for so long as it continues to be affected by Force Majeure. 
 8.2. Continued Force Majeure . If any Force Majeure continues unabated for a period of at least ninety (90) days, the Parties shall meet to discuss in good faith what actions to take or what modifications should be made to this Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement as a consequence of such Force Majeure in order to alleviate its consequences on the affected Party. 
 9. Trademarks and Trade Names 
 9.1. This Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement conveys no rights to either Party to use any trademark or trade dress of the other Party, and conveys no rights to any other intellectual property of either Party other than pursuant to the License and Authorization. 
 10. Term and Termination 
 10.1. Term . Unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms hereof, the term of this Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement shall extend from the Effective Date until the expiration of the Licensed Patents (the Term ). 
 10.2. Termination . In addition to Supernus right to immediately terminate this Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement as set forth in Section 3, either Party shall be entitled to terminate this Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement by written notice to the other if 
 10.2.1 the other Party commits a material breach of this Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement, and fails to remedy it within sixty (60) days of receipt of notice from the first Party of such breach and of its intention to exercise its rights under this Section 10.2 or 
 10.2.2 an order is made or a resolution is passed for the winding up of the other Party (other than voluntarily for the purposes of solvent amalgamation or reconstruction) or an order is made for the appointment of an administrator to manage the other Party s affairs, business, and property or if a receiver (which expression shall include an administrative receiver) is appointed over any of the other Party s assets or undertaking or if circumstances arise which entitle the court or a creditor to appoint a receiver or manager or which entitle the court to make a winding-up order or if a voluntary arrangement is proposed in respect of the other Party or if the other Party takes or suffers any similar or analogous action in consequence of debt, and such order, appointment, or similar action is not removed within ninety (90) days. 
 10.3. Effect of Termination . In the event of expiry or termination of this Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement for any reason, each Party shall promptly return all Confidential Information of the other Party provided during the Term or destroy and certify the destruction of such Confidential Information. 
 10.4. Liability on Termination . The termination or expiry of this Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement shall not release either of the Parties from any liability which at the time of termination or expiry has already accrued to the other Party, nor affect in any way the 
 18 
 41128897.2 

EXECUTION COPY 

 survival of any other right, duty or obligation of the Parties which is expressly stated elsewhere in this Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement to survive such termination or expiry. 
 10.5. Surviving Sections . The provisions of Sections 1, 4.4-4.12, 5, 6, 7, 9, 10.3-10.5, 11 shall continue in force in accordance with their respective terms notwithstanding expiry or termination of this Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement for any reason. 
 11. Miscellaneous 
 11.1. Notice . 
 11.1.1 Any notice or other document given under the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents shall be in writing in the English language and shall be given by hand, or sent by prepaid overnight mail, or by confirmed fax transmission to the address of the receiving Party as set out in Section 11.2 below unless a different address or fax number has been notified to the other in writing for this purpose. 
 11.1.2 Each such notice or document shall (i) if sent by hand, be deemed to have been given when delivered at the relevant address (ii) if sent by prepaid overnight mail, be deemed to have been given one (1) Business Day after posting or (iii) if sent by confirmed fax transmission be deemed to have been given when transmitted, provided that, a confirmatory copy of such fax or other electronic method of transmission shall have been sent by prepaid overnight mail within one (1) Business Day of such transmission. 
 11.2. Address for Notice . The address for services of notices and other documents on the Parties shall be 
 19 
 41128897.2 

EXECUTION COPY 

 To Supernus 
 Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 9715 Key West Avenue 
 Rockville, MD 20850 
 Attn President 
 Fax 
 
 with a copy to 
 
 Edgar H. Haug 
 Haug Partners LLP 
 745 Fifth Avenue 
 New York, NY 10151 
 Fax (212) 588-0500 
 
 To Zydus 
 Zydus Pharmaceutical (USA) Inc. 
 73 Route 31 N. 
 Pennington, NJ 08534 
 Attn Chief Executive Officer 
 Fax 
 
 with a copy to 
 
 Zydus Pharmaceutical (USA) Inc. 
 73 Route 31 N. 
 Pennington, NJ 08534 
 Attn Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer 
 Fax 
 
 and a copy to 
 
 Michael Gaertner 
 Locke Lord LLP 
 111 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, IL 60606 
 Fax 312-443-0336 
 
 11.3. Assignment . 
 11.3.1 Subject to Section 11.3.2, neither Party shall assign or transfer any of its rights or obligations under the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents without the prior written consent of the other Party, not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed. 
 11.3.2 Each Party shall be entitled, without prior written consent of the other Party, to assign all, but not less than all, of its rights under the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents to an Affiliate or transfer such rights to a successor entity by way of merger or acquisition of substantially all of the assets 
 20 
 41128897.2 

EXECUTION COPY 

 of such Party (whether by consolidation, sale of assets, or otherwise) provided the Affiliate or other successor entity expressly assumes in writing those rights, duties, and obligations under the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents and the Affiliate or other successor is a financially capable business entity. The assignment of the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents by a Party and its Affiliates shall not in any way affect such Party s or its Affiliates duties, obligations, and admissions in the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents. 
 11.3.3 Subject to the foregoing, the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Any assignment or transfer in contravention of the terms of the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents shall be null and void. 
 11.4. Amendment . The Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents may not be varied, changed, amended, supplemented, waived, discharged, or terminated, including by course of conduct or trade usage, except by an instrument in writing signed by the Party against which enforcement of such variation, change, amendment, supplement, waiver, discharge, or termination is sought. 
 11.5. Public Announcements . The Parties shall maintain in confidence the terms of the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents and the negotiations of the Parties pertaining thereto. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, neither Party nor its counsel shall provide discovery (including without limitation documents, oral testimony, or statements whether by deposition or otherwise, the work of outside experts or consultants, or work product embodying any of the above) to any Third Party in any judicial or arbitral proceeding pertaining to the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents in the Territory . Notwithstanding these obligations, (i) either Party may, without the consent of the other Party, issue a press release which states publicly that the Pending Litigation has been settled, that Zydus may launch the Zydus 200 mg Product on August 31, 2026 (or earlier under certain circumstances) and that the remaining terms are confidential (and such additional information as may be permitted pursuant to clause (vii) below), provided that such other Party shall be given the opportunity to review and comment on the proposed disclosure reasonably in advance of the disclosure (ii) either Party may reference or repeat information previously disclosed in a press release or other public disclosure made in accordance with this Section 11.5 (iii) either Party may disclose such terms in discovery as otherwise required by court order, provided that the other Party shall be given the opportunity to (a) review and comment on the proposed disclosure reasonably in advance of the disclosure, and (b) quash such order and to obtain a protective order requiring that the information and documents that are the subject of such order be held in confidence by such court (iv) either Party may disclose such terms on a need-to-know basis to such Party s actual and prospective investors, prospective acquirers, underwriters and lenders, attorneys, accountants, insurers, and FDA consultants, so long as the disclosed-to entity is bound by rules of professional conduct, or has agreed in writing and in advance to maintain the confidentiality of such information under terms no less restrictive than those set forth herein (v) Supernus may disclose the terms of the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents to a Third Party litigant in any patent litigation or other legal proceeding (or settlements thereof) relating to the Litigated Patents or the Trokendi XR Product, (vi) Zydus may disclose such terms to the FDA as may be necessary or useful in obtaining and maintaining Regulatory Approval of the Zydus ANDA No. 216167 and Launching the Zydus 200 mg Product as provided by the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents, so long as Zydus requests that the FDA maintain such terms in confidence, and (vii) either Party may disclose such terms as otherwise required by Law, including without limitation securities reporting requirements, or by the rules or regulations of any stock exchange to which the Parties are subject provided that the Parties will coordinate in 
 21 
 41128897.2 

EXECUTION COPY 

 advance with each other in connection with the redaction of certain provisions of the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents with respect to any securities filings, and each Party shall use reasonable efforts to seek confidential treatment for such terms provided, however, that each Party shall ultimately retain control over what information to disclose to the securities regulators or any other such Governmental Authorities. 
 11.6. Merger and Integration. The Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents supersede all prior discussions and writings of the Parties and constitute the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter contained therein . The Parties acknowledge and agree that the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents relate to different subject matter and are not amended or modified in any way by the Supernus-Zydus March 6, 2017 Settlement Documents. Any breach of the Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement or Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Agreement shall constitute a breach of the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents as a whole. Each of the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents shall be deemed of equal dignity to each other and shall be construed together in a consistent manner as reflecting a single intent and purpose. It is agreed that (i) neither Party has entered into any of the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents in reliance upon any representation, warranty, or undertaking of the other Party which is not expressly set out in the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents (ii) neither Party shall have any remedy in respect of misrepresentation or untrue statement made by the other Party or for any breach of warranty which is not contained in Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents and (iii) this Section 11.6 shall not exclude any liability for, or remedy in respect of, fraudulent misrepresentation. 
 11.7. Governing Law . The Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents shall be governed by the Laws of the State of New York without regard to the conflicts of law provisions thereof. The Parties irrevocably agree that the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York shall have exclusive jurisdiction to deal with any disputes arising out of or in connection with the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents and that, accordingly, any proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents shall be brought in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if there is any dispute for which the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York does not have subject matter jurisdiction, the state courts in the county and state of New York shall have jurisdiction. In connection with any dispute arising out of or in connection with the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents, each Party (i) hereby expressly consents and submits to the personal jurisdiction of the federal and state courts in the State of New York and (ii) hereby irrevocably waives any right to a trial by jury. 
 11.8. Agreement Costs. Each Party shall pay its own costs, charges, and expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation, preparation, and completion of the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents. 
 11.9. Counterparts . The Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents may be executed in any number of counterparts and may be executed by the Parties on separate counterparts (including fax or electronic counterparts), each of which is an original but all of which together constitute the same instrument. 
 11.10. Severability . If and to the extent that any provision of the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents is held to be illegal, void, or unenforceable, such provision shall be given no effect and shall be deemed not to be included in the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents but without invalidating any of the remaining provisions of the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents. 
 22 
 41128897.2 

EXECUTION COPY 

 11.11. Relationship of the Parties . In making and performing the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents, the Parties are acting, and intend to be treated, as independent entities and nothing contained in the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents shall be construed or implied to create an agency, partnership, joint venture, or employer and employee relationship between Supernus and Zydus. Except as otherwise provided herein, neither Party may make any representation, warranty, or commitment, whether express or implied, on behalf of or incur any charges or expenses for or in the name of the other Party. 
 11.12. Construction . The language in all parts of the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents shall be construed, in all cases, according to its fair meaning. Supernus and Zydus acknowledge that each Party and its counsel have reviewed and revised the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents and that any rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting Party shall not be employed in the interpretation thereof. The words hereof, herein, hereto, and hereunder and words of similar import, when used in the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents, shall refer to the agreements as a whole and not to any particular provision thereof. The terms defined in the singular shall have a comparable meaning when used in the plural, and vice versa. Whenever used herein, the words include, includes, and including shall mean include, without limitation, includes, without limitation, and including, without limitation, respectively. The masculine, feminine, or neuter gender and the singular or plural number shall each be deemed to include the others whenever the context so indicates. With respect to any particular action or agreement, the use of the words Supernus shall or Supernus will herein shall also mean Supernus shall cause the particular action to be performed. Similarly, with respect to any particular action or agreement, the use of the words Zydus shall or Zydus will herein shall also mean Zydus shall cause the particular action to be performed. Nothing in the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents shall operate to exclude any provision implied into the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents by Law and which may not be excluded by Law or limit or exclude any liability, right, or remedy to a greater extent than is permissible under Law. 
 11.13. Dispute Resolution . 
 11.13.1Preliminary Process . If there is a disagreement between the Parties as to the interpretation of the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents in relation to any aspect of the performance by either Party of its obligations thereunder, the Parties shall, within thirty (30) days of receipt of a written request from either Party, meet in good faith and try to resolve the disagreement without recourse to legal proceedings. 
 11.13.2Escalation of Dispute . If resolution of the disagreement does not occur within ten (10) Business Days after such meeting, the matter shall be escalated to applicable Zydus and Supernus Presidents (or other ranking senior executive) for resolution. 
 11.13.3Equitable Relief . Nothing in this Section 11.13 restricts either Party s freedom to seek urgent relief to preserve a legal right or remedy, or to protect a proprietary or trade secret right, or to otherwise seek legal remedies through any available channel if resolution is not otherwise achieved under this Section 11.13. 
 11.14. Cumulative Rights . Except as expressly set forth in the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents, the rights and remedies of each of the Parties under or pursuant to the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents are cumulative, may be exercised as often 
 23 
 41128897.2 

EXECUTION COPY 

 as such Party considers appropriate and are in addition to its rights and remedies under general law. 
 11.15. No Third Party Benefit . The Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents shall be binding upon and inure solely to the benefit of the Parties hereto, their Affiliates, successors, and permitted assigns, and nothing in the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any other Person or Persons any right, benefits, or remedies of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of any of the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents. 
 11.16. Further Assurance . Each of the Parties shall do, execute, and perform and shall procure to be done and perform all such further acts, deeds, documents, and things as the other Party may reasonably require from time to time to give full effect to the terms of the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents. 
 11.17. Waiver . No failure or delay by either Party in exercising any right or remedy provided by law under or pursuant to the Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Documents shall impair such right or remedy or operate or be construed as a waiver, acquiescence, or variation of it or preclude its exercise at any subsequent time and no single or partial exercise of any such right or remedy shall preclude any other or further exercise of it or the exercise of any other right or remedy. A waiver by a Party of any right or remedy hereunder on any one occasion shall not be construed as a bar to any right or remedy which such Party would otherwise have on any future occasion. 
 Signature Page Follows 
 24 
 41128897.2 

EXECUTION COPY 

 Signature Page to Zydus 200 mg Product License Agreement 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have each caused this Zydus 200 mg Product Settlement Agreement to be executed by their authorized representatives as of the Effective Date. 
 
 SUPERNUS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
 
 By s Jack Khattar 
 
 Name Jack Khattar 
 
 Title President and Chief Executive Officer 

ZYDUS PHARMACEUTICAL (USA) INC. 
 
 By s Brij Khera 
 
 Name Brij Khera 
 
 Title EVP & Chief Legal Officer 

ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES LIMITED 
 
 By s Pankaj R. Patel 
 
 Name Pankaj R. Patel 
 
 Title Chairman 

41128897.2 

EXECUTION COPY 

EXHIBIT B 
 IN THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT 
 FOR THE DISTRICT OF NEW JERSEY 

SUPERNUS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
 
 Plaintiff, 
 
 v. 
 
 ZYDUS PHARMACEUTICAL (USA) INC. and ZYDUS LIFESCIENCES LIMITED 
 
 Defendants. 

Civil Action No. 21-17104 (GC)(LHG) 

STIPULATION AND ORDER OF DISMISSAL WITHOUT PREJUDICE 
 This action for patent infringement having been brought by Plaintiff Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Supernus against Defendants Zydus Pharmaceutical (USA) Inc., and Zydus Lifesciences Limited (collectively, Zydus ). 
 Pursuant to Fed. R. Civ. P. 41, Supernus and Zydus by and through their undersigned counsel, hereby stipulate, that 
 1. All claims, counter-claims, and defenses asserted by Supernus and Zydus are dismissed without prejudice and 
 2. Each party shall bear its own costs and attorneys fees with respect to the matters dismissed hereby. 
 
 41128897.2 

EXECUTION COPY 

Charles M. Lizza 
 William C. Baton 
 Sarah A. Sullivan 
 SAUL EWING ARNSTEIN & LEHR LLP 
 One Riverfront Plaza, Suite 1520 
 Newark, NJ 07102-5426 
 clizza saul.com 
 wbaton saul.com 
 ssullivan saul.com 
 
 Of Counsel 
 
 Edgar H. Haug 
 Nicholas F. Giove 
 Richard F. Kurz 
 HAUG PARTNERS LLP 
 745 Fifth Avenue 
 New York, NY 10151 
 (212) 588-0800 
 
 Attorneys for Plaintiff Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

Theodora McCormick 
 Lauren B. Cooper 
 Robert Lufrano 
 EPSTEIN BECKER & GREEN, P.C. 
 150 College Road West, Suite 301 
 Princeton, New Jersey 08540 
 (609) 455-1540 
 
 OF COUNSEL 
 
 Michael J. Gaertner 
 James T. Peterka 
 Timothy F. Peterson 
 Jacob C. Britz 
 LOCKE LORD LLP 
 111 South Wacker Drive 
 Chicago, IL 60606 
 (312) 443-0700 
 
 Attorneys for Defendants Zydus Pharmaceutical (USA) Inc. and Zydus Lifesciences Limited 

SO ORDERED 
 Dated __________ __________________________________ 
 THE HON. GEORGETTE CASTNER UNITED STATES DISTRICT JUDGE 
 
 41128897.2 

</EX-10.71>

<EX-21>
 3
 supn-20221231xex21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

EXHIBIT 21 
 
 SIGNIFICANT SUBSIDIARIES OF SUPERNUS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
 
 Name of Subsidiaries Jurisdiction of Organization MDD US Enterprises, LLC Delaware MDD US Operations, LLC Delaware Supernus Europe Ltd. United Kingdom Adamas Pharmaceuticals, LLC Delaware Adamas Operations, LLC Delaware Adamas Holdings, LLC Delaware Biscayne Neurotherapeutics, Inc. Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 supn-20221231xex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos.333-181479, 333-201049, 333-216135, 333-239459, and 333-257392 on Form S-8 of our reports dated March 9, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. 

s KPMG LLP 
 Baltimore, Maryland 
 March 9, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 supn-20221231xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Jack A. Khattar, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. Date March 9, 2023 By s JACK A. KHATTAR Jack A. Khattar 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 supn-20221231xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Timothy C. Dec, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. Date March 9, 2023 By s TIMOTHY C. DEC Timothy C. Dec 
 Senior Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 supn-20221231xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 SUPERNUS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. sec. 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jack A. Khattar, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date March 9, 2023 By s JACK A. KHATTAR Jack A. Khattar 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 supn-20221231xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 SUPERNUS PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. sec. 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Supernus Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Timothy C. Dec, Senior Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date March 9, 2023 By s TIMOTHY C. DEC Timothy C. Dec 
 Senior Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 supn-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 supn-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 supn-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 supn-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 supn-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

