<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230328_10-K_edgar_data_1649739_0001649739-23-000111.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>17034395</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>424074</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2356456</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7077543</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3673357</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3140325</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>17</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001649739-23-000111.hdr.sgml : 20230328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230327204520
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001649739-23-000111
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		127
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230327

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BayFirst Financial Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001649739
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				593665079
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41068
		FILM NUMBER:		23765959

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		700 CENTRAL AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 102
		CITY:			ST PETERSBURG
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		727-399-5600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		700 CENTRAL AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 102
		CITY:			ST PETERSBURG
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33701

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	First Home Bancorp Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150731

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001649739-23-000111.txt : 20230328

10-K
 1
 bafn-20221231.htm
 10-K

bafn-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes x 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 Large accelerated filer o Accelerated filer o x Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting f rm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant, computed by reference to the 17.40 per share selling price of the common stock on June 30, 2022 was . 
 The registrant had outstanding shares of common stock as of March 20, 2023. 

BayFirst Financial Corp. 
 Table of Contents Page Part I 
 3 
 Item 1. Business 
 17 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 29 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 29 
 Item 2. Properties 
 30 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 30 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 30 
 Part II 
 30 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 30 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 31 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 32 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 52 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 54 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 98 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 98 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 98 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction s that Prevent Inspections 
 98 
 Part III 
 98 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 98 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 98 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owner and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 99 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 99 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 99 
 Part IV 
 100 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 100 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 100 
 Signatures 
 101 

Table of Contents 

Glossary of Acronyms and Abbreviations 
 The acronyms and abbreviations identified below may be used throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in our other SEC filings. You may find it helpful to refer back to this page while reading this report. 
 AFS: Available for Sale FBCA: Florida Business Corporation Act AIO: Architecture, Infrastructure, and Operations FDIA: Federal Deposit Insurance Act ALCO: Asset-Liability Committee FDIC: Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ALLL: Allowance for Loan Losses FFIEC: Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council AOCI: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 FHLB: Federal Home Loan Bank ASC: FASB Accounting Standards Codification FNBB: First National Bankers Bank ASU: FASB Accounting Standards Update FRB: Federal Reserve Bank BHCA: Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended 
 FVO: Fair Value Option BOLI: Bank Owned Life Insurance GAAP: Generally Accepted Accounting Principles BSA: Bank Secrecy Act of 1970 HFI: Held for Investment CAA: Consolidated Appropriations Act IRA: Individual Retirement Account CARES Act: Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act JOBS Act: Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 CBLR: Community Bank Leverage Ratio LHFS: Loans Held for Sale CECL: Current Expected Credit Losses MMDA: Money Market Deposit Account CEO: Chief Executive Officer NOW: Negotiable Order of Withdrawal CET1: Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
 NSPP: Non-Qualified Stock Purchase Plan CFPB: Consumer Financial Protection Bureau OCC: Office of the Comptroller of the Currency C I: Commercial and Industrial OLC: Officer Loan Committee CIK: Central Index Key OREO: Other Real Estate Owned COVID-19: Coronavirus Disease 2019 OTTI: Other-Than-Temporary Impairment DCLC: Directors Credit and Loan Committee PCAOB: Public Company Accounting Oversight Board DEI: Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion PPP: Paycheck Protection Program Dodd-Frank Act: Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 PPPLF: Paycheck Protection Program Liquidity Facility DRIP: Dividend Reinvestment Plan QIB: Qualified Institutional Buyer EGC: Emerging Growth Company ROU: Right of Use EPS: Earnings per Share SBA: Small Business Administration Equity Plan: The Amended and Restated 2017 Equity Incentive Plan SEC: U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ESG: Environmental, Social, and Governance SOFR: Secured Overnight Financing Rate ESOP: Employee Stock Ownership Plan TDR: Troubled Debt Restructure ESPP: Employee Stock Purchase Plan U.S.: United States Exchange Act: Securities Exchange Act of 1934 USDA: United States Department of Agriculture FASB: Financial Accounting Standards Board USDA B I: United States Department of Agriculture Business and Industry 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

Part I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 BayFirst Financial Corp. 
 BayFirst Financial Corp. BayFirst or the Company is a bank holding company that operates through its wholly owned subsidiary, BayFirst National Bank (the Bank ). BayFirst commenced its bank holding company operations on September 1, 2000, by acquiring all shares of the Bank. BayFirst s primary source of income is from the Bank, which serves a broad spectrum of consumers and small businesses in the Tampa Bay region and is supported by a national SBA lending business line. BayFirst utilizes this national business line to provide financial support for the delivery and expansion of traditional banking services, and to serve as a specialized lead product to introduce the Bank to new customers in the Tampa Bay region. BayFirst strives to be a progressive institution in its products and services, technology, design, and social responsibility. As of December 31, 2022, BayFirst had consolidated total assets of 938.9 million, total loans of 728.7 million, total deposits of 795.1 million, and total shareholders equity of 91.9 million. BayFirst s corporate office is located at the BayFirst Executive Center, 700 Central Avenue, St. Petersburg, Florida 33701. 
 BayFirst National Bank 
 The Bank commenced operations on February 12, 1999, as a Florida state-chartered commercial bank. In 2022, the Bank converted its charter to a national banking association. The Bank currently operates out of its main office and eight additional banking centers located in the Tampa Bay area, and 1 loan production office in Sarasota. The Bank s main office is located at the BayFirst Executive Center. The Bank does not engage in any foreign business activities. 
 The Bank offers its products and services through its Community Banking Division and its separately branded loan origination platform, CreditBench. CreditBench is a government guaranteed lender with specific expertise in originating SBA 7(a) loans throughout the nation. 
 CreditBench also has an advanced technology platform for our SBA 7(a) Small Loan Program, called FlashCap, that enables the Bank to utilize and support technology-enabled banking products and services as well as various financial technology applications. 
 Community Banking 
 The Bank has structured its community banking services and charges for such services in a manner designed to attract consumers, small and medium sized businesses, and professionals located primarily in Pinellas, Hillsborough, Sarasota, Manatee, and Pasco Counties. The Bank focuses on customers that are seeking the flexibility and personalized relationships that a community bank can provide. The Bank offers specialized business and personal checking accounts, internet banking and online bill payment, remote capture and deposit, cash management, wire transfers, safety deposit boxes, courier services, retail investment services, and ACH originations, among other services. Retail investment services are facilitated through an independent broker-dealer through a relationship with a shared service organization. 
 The Bank also offers customary community bank deposit products, including interest-bearing and noninterest-bearing checking accounts, MMDAs, savings accounts, certificates of deposit and IRAs. The consumer product offering also includes unique programs, including, among others: 1) the NuStart checking that assists customers in rebuilding their access to the banking system, 2) the TrendSetters Club which offers special benefits for those customers age 50+ years, and 3) the Cash Kids Club savings account that offers those age 12 and under special rates while teaching children basic financial skills through interactive and mobile application tools. The Bank s business deposit products and related services include free checking accounts, interest-bearing checking accounts, savings accounts, money market accounts, and access to business mobile and online banking, treasury management, cash management, merchant processing services, remote deposit capture, and night depository. 
 A wide range of loans are also offered, including commercial, consumer, and real estate loans. The commercial lending efforts are directed principally toward businesses and professionals who otherwise do business with us, and include commercial real estate mortgages, construction and development loans, working capital loans, and business expansion loans. In addition, the Bank has a minority lending program for women or minority business owners looking to take their business to the next level. BayFirst focuses its SBA and commercial lending divisions on providing the customer quick turnaround, competitive rates, and an easy application process. The Bank offers personal lines of credit, auto, boat, and recreational vehicle loans, residential mortgages, and home equity lines of credit. The Bank has been particularly 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 successful in penetrating the small business community. The Bank participates in interbank credit arrangements to permit the Bank to take part in corporate or other business entity loans for amounts which are greater than its lending limits. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Community Banking Division operated from eight banking centers in the Tampa Bay area: five in Pinellas County, one in Hillsborough County, one in Manatee County, and one in Sarasota County. Additionally, the Bank opened a second Tampa banking center in February 2023 with two additional banking centers planned in Sarasota currently under construction with one expected to open in mid 2023 and the other in late 2023 or early 2024, expanding the network of banking centers throughout the Tampa Bay region. 
 CreditBench 
 The Bank, through its separately branded loan origination platform CreditBench, originates government guaranteed loans on a nationwide basis, with a particular emphasis on SBA 7(a) loans. Government guaranteed loans are designed to assist small businesses in obtaining financing. CreditBench s loan origination efforts are targeted to a broad range of industries and geographies, with a focus on building relationships with borrowers. This diversification is intended to mitigate the Bank s credit risk. Deposit products are also marketed to borrowers, particularly those borrowers in the Bank's primary market area . 
 CreditBench originates loans through two distinct channels. One is its team of SBA lenders, known as the Core SBA Team. The other is for smaller loans that are processed through financial technology platforms, collectively known and branded as FlashCap. CreditBench s Core SBA Team makes government guaranteed loans throughout the U.S., with a particular emphasis on business acquisition financing. Currently, the Core SBA Team is concentrated in the Tampa Bay area with an expanding national sales team. FlashCap employs an internal sales team and uses referral partners and financial technology companies to originate SBA loans nationwide. Underwriting, quality control, and technology are centralized and scalable for potential increases in loan volume. Late in the second quarter of 2022, the Company launched BOLT, an SBA 7(a) loan product designed to expeditiously provide working capital loans of 150 thousand or less to businesses throughout the country. CreditBench also originates USDA B I loans for businesses located in qualifying areas. 
 The federal government guarantees 75 to 90 of SBA loan balances and up to 80 of USDA B I loan balances as an incentive for financial institutions to make loans to small businesses. Eligible uses of SBA and USDA B I loans are for working capital, equipment financing, debt refinancing, purchase of inventory, new construction, building acquisitions, business acquisitions, and startup expenses. The program maximum limit for SBA loans is 5.0 million, and the program limit for USDA loans is 25.0 million. Both can be priced competitively relative to conventional financing. 
 In March of 2020, the Bank made the strategic decision to become an active PPP lender, using local marketing efforts and a nationwide, online application platform. The Bank used the Federal Reserve s PPPLF to fund a significant portion of these loans. The Bank funded its last PPP loans in the third quarter of 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank had 19.2 million of PPP loans remaining on the books. 
 The Bank manages its government guaranteed lending program through a staff experienced in business development, loan documentation and monitoring, and accounting. Emphasis is placed on proper loan documentation to ensure full guarantee performance in the event of payment defaults. 
 The revenue generated from CreditBench s loan originations is primarily derived from three sources: interest income, loan servicing, and premiums from the sale of loans. The Bank may elect to hold the government guaranteed portion of a loan on its balance sheet to increase interest income. Alternatively, the Bank may sell that portion to realize a premium on the sale. 
 In addition, the Bank may also sell a portion of the unguaranteed balance of certain government guaranteed loans, depending on a loan s terms, the offer price, its liquidity and capital positions, and the perceived credit risk. 
 Residential Mortgage Division 
 In the third quarter of 2022, management decided to discontinue its nationwide residential lending business. Prior to those decisions, the Residential Mortgage Division operated from the banking centers in the Tampa Bay area and loan production offices nationwide. As a result of the discontinuance, the nationwide residential line of business was reclassified as a discontinued operation and reported in the financial statements as such. The Bank continues to offer fixed and variable rate home mortgages for the purchase and refinance of residential properties through the community banking centers , as well as a loan production center. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 The Bank sells most of the residential mortgage loans which are originated into the secondary market through a broker arrangement. The Bank also originates loans to be held in its loan portfolio. The portfolio loans are generally high quality, adjustable rate, non-conforming mortgages located in the primary service area where there is a greater opportunity to cross-sell other Bank products and services. The ability to fund such non-conforming loans provides the Bank a competitive advantage compared to non-bank mortgage lenders. In 2022, the Bank retained in its loan portfolio an increased volume of originated residential mortgage loans than in previous years. 
 The Bank s residential mortgages are originated, processed, underwritten, and closed to secondary market standards or Bank policy. In connection with the origination of mortgage loans intended for sale, the Bank uses a broker to underwrite, close, and sell the loans. For loans held in its loan portfolio, the Bank underwrites and closes these loans in-house utilizing the brokers technology system. There are no free-standing derivatives associated with the current lending process. 
 The Bank engages a subservicer for residential mortgage loans that is currently servicing most portfolio residential mortgage loans. 
 Competition 
 All phases of the Bank s operations are highly competitive. Many of the commercial banks and other competitors have assets, capital, lending limits, and name recognition that are materially larger than the Bank s. The Bank competes with other financial service providers for loans and deposits. These competitors include: 
 larger national, super-regional, and regional financial institutions that have well-established branches and significant market share in the communities the Bank serves; 
 non-bank SBA lenders; 
 finance companies, investment banking and brokerage firms, and insurance companies that offer bank-like products; 
 credit unions, which can offer highly competitive rates on loans and deposits because they receive tax advantages not available to commercial banks; 
 other community banks that compete with the Bank for clients desiring a high level of service; and 
 technology-based financial institutions, including large national, super-regional, and regional banks offering online deposit, bill payment and mortgage loan application services. 
 Some of the non-traditional financial institution competitors are not subject to the same degree of regulatory oversight to which the Bank is subject. 
 Among the advantages that the larger competitors have over the Bank are their ability to finance wide-ranging marketing campaigns and to allocate their investment assets to products with the highest yields and demands. Several of the competitors offer certain services, such as trust departments, that the Bank does not offer. By virtue of their greater total capital, these financial service providers have substantially higher loan-to-one borrower limits than the Bank (loans-to-one borrower limits apply to an individual customer s total extension of credit as a percentage of a bank s total capital). These competitors may intensify their advertising and other marketing activities to counter any efforts by the Bank to attract new business. 
 To compete with the financial institutions in its primary service area, the Bank capitalizes upon the flexibility that its independent status allows, including making decisions locally. This includes solicitation of business, professional, and personal accounts through the personal efforts of the Bank s directors and officers. The Bank believes that a locally-based bank is often perceived by the local business community as possessing a clearer understanding of local commerce and the needs of the community. Consequently, its customers expect that the Bank will be able to make prudent lending decisions quicker and with a better understanding of the market than larger competitors. The Bank focuses on the smaller commercial customer because this segment offers the greatest concentration of potential business and historically has tended to demonstrate a higher degree of loyalty in their banking relationships. The Bank can respond quickly to changes in the interest rates paid on time and savings deposits and charged on loans, and to charges imposed on depository accounts, so as to remain competitive in the marketplace. If there are customers whose loan demands exceed the Bank s loan limits, the Bank can arrange for such loans on a participation basis with other financial institutions. 
 Various legislative actions in recent years have led to increased competition among financial institutions. With the enactment of various laws and regulations affecting interstate banking expansion, it is easier for financial institutions 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 located outside of Florida to enter the Florida market, including the Bank s target markets. In addition, recent legislative and regulatory changes and technological advances have enabled customers to conduct banking activities without regard to geographic barriers, through internet and telephone-based banking and similar services. There can be no assurance that the United States Congress, the Florida Legislature, or the applicable bank regulatory agencies will not enact legislation or promulgate regulations that may further increase competitive pressures on the Bank. 
 Lending Philosophy and Credit Risk Management 
 Historically, the Company believes they have made sound, high-quality loans while recognizing that lending involves a degree of risk. The Bank s centralized credit approval process and loan policies are designed to assist management in managing this risk. The policies provide a general framework for loan origination, monitoring, and funding. The Bank s loan approval process is characterized by centralized authority supported by a risk control environment that provides for prompt and thorough underwriting of loans. The loan approval process begins with obtaining detailed financial and other information from the Bank s borrowers. The Bank also relies on its loan and executive officers in-depth knowledge of its markets and borrowers. 
 Regardless of the loan type or amount, no single individual has sole loan approval authority. The objective of the loan approval process is to provide a disciplined, consistent, predictable, and collaborative approach to larger credits, while maintaining responsiveness to client needs. Commercial loan decisions are documented as to the borrower s business, loan purpose, the evaluation of the repayment source and associated risks, the evaluation of collateral, loan covenants, loan monitoring requirements, and the risk rating rationale. The Bank s strategy for approving loans is to follow conservative loan policies and consistent underwriting practices which include: 
 Granting credit on a sound basis with full knowledge of the purpose and source of repayment for such credit; 
 Ensuring that primary and secondary sources of repayment are adequate in relation to the amount of the loan; 
 Requiring documentation, including appraisals or valuations, sufficient to enable informed underwriting; 
 Developing and adhering to desired levels of diversification for the loan portfolio as a whole and for loans within each category; and 
 Ensuring that each loan is properly documented and that any insurance coverage requirements are satisfied. 
 The loan policies generally include other underwriting guidelines for loans collateralized by real estate. These underwriting standards are designed to determine the maximum loan amount that a borrower has the capacity to repay based, in part, upon the borrower s cash flow and income. The loan policies include maximum amortization schedules and loan terms for each category of loans. In addition, the loan policies provide guidelines for personal guarantees, appraisals and valuations, loan-to-value ratios, environmental review, loans to employees, executive officers and directors, problem loan identification, maintenance of an adequate loan loss reserve, and other matters relating to lending practices. 
 The Community Banking Centers originate residential mortgage, consumer and commercial loans. The Bank utilizes a broker arrangement to originate residential mortgage loans to be sold in the secondary market. These residential mortgage loans are underwritten to meet secondary market standards so that loans can be sold into the secondary market. Some residential mortgage loans are held for its portfolio. Portfolio loans are primarily underwritten by the Bank on the borrowers financial strength and cash flow, with conservative loan-to-value requirements. Consumer loans include loans to individuals for automobiles, boats, and other major consumer personal, family, or household purposes. They are underwritten on the credit quality of the individual borrower and may be secured or unsecured. Commercial lending products include a wide variety of credit facilities, such as owner occupied and non-owner occupied commercial real estate, multifamily real estate, construction, land acquisition, and commercial and industrial loans. In general, the Bank s commercial lending strategy focuses on the financial strength and successful track record of commercial loan applicants more than the project or type of property that would serve as collateral for a loan. These loans are underwritten by an independent in-house Credit Underwriting Department in accordance with its credit policy. 
 CreditBench primarily originates loans through the SBA 7(a) program, and, to a lesser extent, through the USDA s B I program. Occasionally, CreditBench originates loans through the SBA s 504 loan program, the International Trade Loan program, and the SBA Express Loan program. CreditBench originates two distinct types of loans: complex loans and non-complex loans. The non-complex loans are originated pursuant to the SBA 7(a) Small Loan Program up to 350,000 and are underwritten through a streamlined underwriting and packaging process. Although the SBA 7(a) Small Loan Program permits broader underwriting and loan purpose parameters, non-complex CreditBench loans are limited to those 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 underwritten via historical cash flow and exclude start-up and business acquisition financing. Within the FlashCap program, we offer BOLT loans up to 150,000 for working capital purposes. BOLT loans are guaranteed up to 85 by the SBA and primarily underwritten based upon predictive scores and character analysis of the business and its principals. All CreditBench loans regardless of size which require projection-based underwriting or have other complex characteristics, such as business acquisition financing, are underwritten subject to SBA or USDA B I guidelines and contain a thorough underwriting analysis based on the credit quality of any guarantor as well as the historical and projected debt service coverage. 
 Risk Management 
 The Company believes that effective risk management and control processes are critical to safety and soundness of the Bank, the ability to predict and manage the challenges that they face, and, ultimately, the long-term corporate success. Risk management refers to the activities by which the Company identifies, measures, monitors, evaluates, and manages the risks they face in the course of banking activities. These risks include liquidity, interest rate, credit, operational, compliance, regulatory, strategic, financial, and reputational risk exposures. The Board of Directors, both directly and through their committees, are responsible for overseeing the risk management processes, including quarterly enterprise risk management assessments and annual assessments in the following areas: (i) cyber; (ii) BSA/anti-money laundering; and (iii) third-party risk, with each of the committees of the Board of Directors assuming a different and important role in overseeing the management of the risks. 
 The Audit and Risk Management Committees of the Board of Directors are responsible for overseeing risks associated with financial matters (particularly financial reporting, accounting practices and policies, disclosure controls and procedures, and internal control over financial reporting) as well as other enterprise risks. The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors has primary responsibility for risks and exposures associated with the compensation policies, plans, and practices regarding both executive compensation, Board compensation, and the compensation structure generally. The Compensation Committee, in conjunction with the Chief Executive Officer and other members of the management team, as appropriate, reviews the incentive compensation arrangements to ensure these programs are consistent with applicable laws and regulations, including safety and soundness requirements, and do not encourage imprudent or excessive risk-taking by the employees. The Nominating Committee of the Board of Directors oversees risks associated with the independence of the Board of Directors and potential conflicts of interest. 
 The senior management team is responsible for implementing the risk management processes by assessing and managing the risks they face, including strategic, operational, regulatory, investment, and execution risks, on a day-to-day basis, and reporting to the Board of Directors regarding the risk management processes. The senior management team is also responsible for creating and recommending to the Board of Directors for approval of appropriate risk appetite metrics reflecting the aggregate levels and types of risk they are willing to accept in connection with the operation of the business and pursuit of the business objectives. 
 The role of the Board of Directors in the Company s risk oversight is consistent with the leadership structure, with the Chief Executive Officer and the other members of senior management having responsibility for assessing and managing the risk exposure, and the Board of Directors and their committees providing oversight in connection with those efforts. The Company believes this division of risk management responsibilities presents a consistent, systemic, and effective approach for identifying, managing, and mitigating risks throughout the Company s operations. 
 Information Technology Systems 
 The Company has made, and continues to make, significant investments in its information technology systems and staff to support banking activities. The Company believes this investment will support continued growth and enable them to enhance the capabilities to offer new products, improve overall customer experience, improve profitability through efficiencies, maintain and improve cybersecurity, and provide scalability for future growth. The Company utilizes nationally recognized software vendors and their cloud/hosted models, which allow them to outsource the processing of data. The Company s internal network and e-mail systems are administered by a managed service provider specializing in financial institutions, and they maintain production infrastructure in a data center facility near Tampa, Florida. This site provides for power and connectivity redundancy, and they maintain a disaster recovery program, including a cloud-based recovery environment. 
 The majority of the other systems, including electronic funds transfer, transaction processing, and online banking services are hosted by third-party service providers. The scalability of this infrastructure will support the Bank s growth strategy. In 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 addition, the tested capability of these vendors to automatically switch over to standby systems should allow the Bank to recover the systems and provide business continuity quickly in case of a disaster. 
 Privacy, Data Protection and Cybersecurity 
 The regulatory framework for data privacy and cybersecurity is rapidly evolving. Current federal law requires financial institutions to periodically disclose their privacy policies and practices related to sharing client information. Such laws allow consumer clients to opt out of having their information shared with unaffiliated third parties under certain circumstances. Other federal and state laws and regulations impact the ability to share certain information with affiliates and non-affiliates for marketing and/or non-marketing purposes, or to contact clients with marketing offers. Current federal law also requires financial institutions to implement a comprehensive information security program. Such programs must include administrative, procedural, and physical safeguards to ensure the security and confidentiality of client records and personal information. These security and privacy policies and procedures are in effect across the Bank. 
 Federal banking agencies pay close attention to the cybersecurity practices of banks. Such agencies include a review of an institution s information technology program and its ability to prevent cyberattacks. The FFIEC released its Architecture, Infrastructure, and Operations (AIO) Booklet in June 2021. The AIO Booklet calls for a layered security approach that incorporates administrative, procedural, and physical controls to include employee, vendor, and client awareness training. The Bank s cybersecurity and information security practices incorporate preventative, detective, corrective, compensatory, and deterrent controls. Failing to have adequate cybersecurity safeguards in place, in accordance with AIO and other applicable regulations and laws, can result in supervisory criticism, monetary penalties and reputational harm. 
 In November 2021, the Federal Reserve, OCC, and FDIC adopted a new regulation for computer-security incident notification requirements for banking organizations and their bank service providers. Among other things, this regulation requires a bank to notify its primary federal regulator within 36 hours after identifying a "computer-security incident" that the bank believes in good faith could: (i) materially disrupt or degrade its business or operations in a manner that would threaten the viability of its operations and result in clients being unable to access their deposit and other accounts; (ii) result in a material loss of revenue, earnings or franchise value; or (iii) pose a threat to the financial stability of the United States. 
 Data privacy and data protection are also areas of increasing regulatory and legislative focus. The Bank is subject to rules and regulations issued by the Federal Trade Commission, which regulates unfair or deceptive acts or practices, including those related to data privacy and cybersecurity. Like other lenders, the Bank uses credit bureaus in its underwriting activities. Use of such data is regulated under the Fair Credit Reporting Act, which also regulates identity theft prevention programs, reporting information to credit bureaus, prescreening individuals for credit offers, sharing of information between affiliates, and using affiliate data for marketing purposes. Federal law further requires financial institutions to explain their information-sharing practices to their clients and to protect sensitive client information. 
 Human Capital 
 Since opening in 1999, BayFirst has grown significantly without losing sight of its commitment to making an impact in the communities served and being Here for What s Next in the lives of the Company s customers, communities, employees, and investors. As of December 31, 2022, BayFirst had 292 employees (289 full-time and 3 part-time) and recognizes that they are its greatest asset. Providing a work environment that is inclusive, transparent, and comfortable for all is foundational to the Bank s core beliefs. The Company is an organization that values open communication and collaboration in a professional and challenging, yet informal atmosphere. 
 Total Rewards 
 The Bank s industry-leading compensation and benefits package helps attract and retain top talent throughout the U.S. and demonstrates its belief that engaged and satisfied employees directly correlate to engaged and satisfied customers, generating long-term value for the Company s stakeholders. 
 The Bank s goal is to provide the most competitive compensation and benefit plans possible. In 2021, BayFirst established a living minimum wage of 18 per hour. The Bank has a generous 401(k) plan, plus a discretionary profit-sharing contributions to its Employee Stock Ownership Plan. All employees are shareholders through their participation in the ESOP. Additionally, employees have the opportunity to grow their ownership through a discounted non-qualified Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 BayFirst offers a wide range of health and welfare plans designed to fit its diverse population. The Bank provides 100 employer-paid premiums for medical, dental, vision, disability, and life insurance for the employee. The Bank offers an 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 employee wellness program designed to support the whole employee which encompasses physical, mental, social, and financial wellness. 
 BayFirst provides both paid maternity and paternity leave through the parental leave program. In addition, the Banks no-cost, short-term disability policy is administered in-house and provides up to 12 weeks of medical leave at 100 pay. The Bank recognizes the burdensome expense of dependent care and provides a company match to employees dependent care FSA accounts. The Bank provides paid volunteer time off to all employees building engagement and pride in the organization while encouraging teams to give back to their communities. 
 Training and Development 
 As part of the commitment to being a top employer in the industry and the premier community bank of Tampa Bay, BayFirst offers a growing internal Learning and Development Center where employees not only learn compliance and regulation, but also have the opportunity to strengthen core competencies for career growth and personal development. 
 The Bank offers both a tuition reimbursement and student loan assistance program to all eligible employees. The Bank offers these programs to nurture the professional development of the Bank s colleagues and ease the financial burden associated with continuing education. 
 Social Governance: Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 
 The Bank s cultural foundation of being current and comfortable for all drives the Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion committee s efforts throughout the entire organization. The diversity enhances its workforce, expands the markets and fosters a culture of belonging for its employees, customers and communities in which the Bank serves. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Bank s employee base was comprised of individuals from all walks of life, genders, ethnicities, races, ages and differing economic and social backgrounds. Females represented 62 of the Company s employee base while minorities represented 32 of its population. The officer base was 47 female and 23 minority. 
 BayFirst has an active Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion council with a purpose of ensuring BayFirst reflects the values, respects the viewpoints, and acknowledges the differences of not only the community members it serves, but also the people it employs. Through its focus on these three core components, the Council seeks to build an environment where everyone belongs, everyone is heard, everyone is aware of what s next, and everyone is given the opportunity to succeed. The Council actively advocates for the ongoing implementation and evaluation of internal and external programs, initiatives, and procedures to ensure the bank remains forward-thinking and aligned with the ever-evolving societal landscape. Through its focus on diversity, equity, and inclusion, the Council works to fulfill its obligation to be the voice for all associated with BayFirst. 
 Employee Engagement 
 The Bank believes employee engagement is what sets the Bank apart from the competition. The Bank endeavors to recruit and retain some of the best and brightest talent across the U.S. When highly talented, skilled and driven individuals join the organization, they bring with them some of the best ideas, strategies, procedures and thoughts. 
 BayFirst understands that harnessing this level of engagement is critical to its success and has developed several channels to do so. The Bank s Bright Ideas Submission Portal allows any employee to submit their ideas for improvement or change of policies, procedures, benefits or any other item they believe will improve the organization. To ensure employees understand the commitment of listening to feedback, each Bright Idea submission is reviewed by the CEO. 
 The CEO also hosts a quarterly CEO s Council where individuals from across the organization spend the day with the CEO and executive team, providing feedback and input on improvement opportunities. The Bank also completes periodic Officer s Surveys where each officer is asked to provide feedback on specific areas of the organization and its strategy. 
 One of the greatest engagement and communication tools is the What s Next call where ALL employees are invited to a weekly video conference where ideas are exchanged, updates are provided, and business and individual recognitions are communicated. 
 The Bank s efforts were recognized through an anonymous employee survey which ranked BayFirst in the top 15 of the 2022 Best Places to Work in Tampa Bay. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Environmental, Social, and Governance Policy 
 In 2021, BayFirst advanced its ESG initiatives by forming a Board of Directors level committee and developing a policy and policy statement. As a progressive institution, BayFirst is committed to the highest standards in all aspects of its operations. As both a Tampa Bay community bank and a nationwide lender, the Company believes it is their responsibility to take an important role in advancing the values they hold, including being an exemplary corporate citizen, providing fair and equitable access to the banking system, engaging with the communities, addressing climate change, providing full disclosure and transparency, providing a safe and secure banking experience, and offering the team the best possible workplace and opportunity for advancement. The main pillars of BayFirst s ESG policy include 1) Fair and Equitable Access to Banking Services, 2) Environmental Sustainability, 3) Community Engagement, 4) Employee/Workforce Management and Well Being, and 5) Governance, Data Security, and Business Ethics. 
 Supervision and Regulation 
 General 
 As a bank holding company, the Company is subject to an extensive body of state and federal banking laws and regulations that impose specific requirements and restrictions on virtually all aspects of the Company s operations. The Company is affected by government monetary policy and by regulatory measures affecting the banking industry in general. 
 The following is a summary of some of the statutes, rules, and regulations that affect the operations. This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the particular statutory and regulatory provision referred to below, and is not intended to be an exhaustive description of the applicable statutes or regulations. Any change in applicable laws or regulations may have a material adverse effect on the business. 
 BayFirst Financial Corp. 
 BayFirst is a bank holding company within the meaning of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended. As such, the Company is required to file annual reports and other information with the Federal Reserve regarding the Company s business operations and those of the subsidiary. The Company is also subject to the supervision of, and to periodic inspections by, the Federal Reserve. 
 The BHCA generally requires every bank holding company to obtain approval from the Federal Reserve before: 
 acquiring all or substantially all of the assets of a bank; 
 acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of 5 or more of the voting shares of any bank or bank holding company; or 
 merging or consolidating with another bank holding company. 
 The BHCA and the Change in Bank Control Act, together with regulations promulgated by the Federal Reserve, require that, depending on the particular circumstances, either the Federal Reserve s approval must be obtained or notice must be furnished to the Federal Reserve and not disapproved prior to any person or company, not a bank holding company, acquiring control of a bank holding company, subject to certain exemptions. Control is conclusively presumed to exist when an individual or company acquires 25 or more of any class of voting securities of a bank holding company. Control is rebuttably presumed to exist if a person acquires 10 or more, but less than 25 , of any class of voting securities and either the bank holding company has registered securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act or no other person owns a greater percentage of that class of voting securities immediately after the transaction. 
 Additionally, the BHCA provides that the Federal Reserve may not approve any of these transactions if it would result in or tend to create a monopoly or substantially lessen competition or otherwise function as a restraint of trade, unless the anti-competitive effects of the proposed transaction are clearly outweighed by the public interest in meeting the convenience and needs of the community to be served. The Federal Reserve is also required to consider the financial and managerial resources and future prospects of the bank holding companies and banks concerned and the convenience and needs of the community to be served. The Federal Reserve s consideration of financial resources generally focuses on capital adequacy, which is discussed below. As a result of the USA Patriot Act, the Federal Reserve is also required to consider the record of a bank holding company and its subsidiary bank(s) in combating money laundering activities in its evaluation of bank holding company merger or acquisition transactions. 
 Except as authorized by the BHCA and Federal Reserve regulations or order, a bank holding company is generally prohibited from engaging in, or acquiring direct or indirect control of 5 or more of the voting shares of any company 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 engaged in any business other than the business of banking or managing and controlling banks. The primary exception allows the ownership of shares by a bank holding company in any company the activities of which the Federal Reserve has determined to be so closely related to banking or to managing or controlling banks that ownership of shares of that company is appropriate. Activities the Federal Reserve has determined by regulation to be proper incidents to the business of banking, and thus permissible for bank holding companies, include: 
 making or servicing loans and certain types of leases; 
 engaging in certain insurance and discount brokerage activities; 
 performing certain data processing services; 
 acting in certain circumstances as a fiduciary or investment or financial advisor; 
 providing management consulting services; 
 owning savings associations; and 
 making investments in corporations or projects designed primarily to promote community welfare. 
 In accordance with Federal Reserve policy, a bank holding company is expected to act as a source of financial strength to its subsidiary banks. In adhering to the Federal Reserve s policy, the Company may be required to provide financial support to the Bank at a time when, absent such Federal Reserve policy, it might not be deemed advisable to provide such assistance. Under the BHCA, the Federal Reserve may also require a bank holding company to terminate any activity or relinquish control of a nonbank subsidiary (other than a nonbank subsidiary of a bank) upon the Federal Reserve s determination that the activity or control constitutes a serious risk to the financial soundness or stability of any subsidiary depository institution of the bank holding company. Further, federal bank regulatory authorities have additional discretion to require a bank holding company to divest itself of any bank or nonbank subsidiary if the agency determines that divestiture may aid the depository institution s financial condition. The Dodd-Frank Act codified the Federal Reserve s policy on serving as a source of financial strength. Such support may be required at times when, absent this Federal Reserve policy, a holding company may not be inclined to provide it. A bank holding company, in certain circumstances, could be required to guarantee the capital plan of an undercapitalized banking subsidiary. 
 The Federal Reserve also has authority to prohibit activities of bank holding companies and their nonbanking subsidiaries which represent unsafe and unsound banking practices, or which constitute violations of laws or regulations. The Federal Reserve may impose civil money penalties for activities conducted by a bank holding company, its nonbanking subsidiaries, and officials of either on a knowing and reckless basis, if those activities caused a substantial loss to a depository institution. The penalties can be as high as 1.0 million for each day the activity continues. 
 National Banks 
 National Banks are subject to regulation, periodic examination, enforcement authority and oversight by the OCC extending to all aspects of the bank s operations. OCC regulations govern permissible activities, capital requirements, dividend limitations, investments, loans and other matters. Deposits are insured by the FDIC for a maximum of 250,000 per account ownership. For this protection, banks must pay a quarterly statutory assessment and comply with the rules and regulations of the FDIC. The assessment levied on a bank for deposit insurance varies, depending on the capital position of each bank, and other supervisory factors. 
 The FDIA provides that, in the event of the liquidation or other resolution of a bank, the claims of depositors of the bank, including the claims of the FDIC as subrogee of insured depositors, and certain claims for administrative expenses of the FDIC as a receiver will have priority over other general unsecured claims against the bank. If a bank fails, insured and uninsured depositors, along with the FDIC, will have priority in payment ahead of unsecured, non-deposit creditors. 
 Areas regulated and monitored by the bank regulatory authorities include but are not limited to requirements concerning security devices and procedures, adequacy of capitalization and loss reserves, loans, investments, borrowings, deposits, mergers, issuances of securities, payment of dividends, establishment of branches, corporate reorganizations, transactions with affiliates, maintenance of books and records, and adequacy of staff training to carry out safe lending and deposit gathering practices. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Restrictions on Transactions with Affiliates and Loans to Insiders 
 Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act restrict transactions by banks with their affiliates. An affiliate of a bank is any company or entity which controls, is controlled by or is under common control with the bank. Generally, Sections 23A and 23B: (1) limit the extent to which a bank or its subsidiaries may engage in covered transactions with any one affiliate to an amount equal to 10 of that bank s capital stock and surplus (i.e., tangible capital); and (2) require that all such transactions be on terms substantially the same, or at least as favorable to the bank or subsidiary, as those provided to a non-affiliate. The term covered transaction includes the making of loans, purchase of assets, issuance of a guarantee and other similar types of transactions. 
 Section 23A also covers investment funds managed by an institution as an affiliate, as well as other procedural and substantive matters. In addition, Sections 23A and 23B include coverage of transactions with insiders relative to credit exposure arising from derivative transactions. An insured depository institution is also prohibited from purchasing or selling an asset to an executive officer, director, or principal shareholder (or any related interest of such a person) unless the transaction is on market terms, and, if the transaction exceeds 10 of the institution s capital, it is approved in advance by a majority of the disinterested directors. 
 A bank s authority to extend credit to executive officers, directors and greater than 10 shareholders, as well as entities controlled by such persons, is subject to Sections 22(g) and 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act and Regulation O promulgated thereunder by the Federal Reserve. Among other things, these loans must be made on terms substantially the same as those offered to unaffiliated individuals, the amount of loans a bank may make to these persons is based, in part, on the bank s capital position, and specified approval procedures must be followed in making loans which exceed specified amounts. 
 Anti-tying Restrictions 
 Bank holding companies and affiliates are prohibited from tying the provision of services, such as extensions of credit, to other services offered by a holding company or its affiliates. 
 Capital Adequacy Requirements 
 Banks are subject to regulatory capital requirements imposed by the Federal Reserve and the FDIC. Until a bank holding company reaches 3 billion in assets, the risk-based capital and leverage guidelines issued by the Federal Reserve are applied to bank holding companies on a nonconsolidated basis, unless the bank holding company is engaged in nonbank activities involving significant leverage, or it has a significant amount of outstanding debt held by the general public. Instead, a bank holding company with less than 3 billion generally applies the risk-based capital and leverage capital guidelines on a bank only basis and must only meet a debt-to-equity ratio at the holding company level. The Federal Reserve risk-based capital guidelines apply directly to insured state banks, regardless of whether they are subsidiaries of a bank holding company. Both agencies requirements, which are substantially similar, establish minimum capital ratios in relation to assets, both on an aggregate basis as adjusted for credit risks and off-balance sheet exposures. The risk weights assigned to assets are based primarily on credit risks. Depending upon the riskiness of a particular asset, it is assigned to a risk category. Under the guidelines, capital is compared to the relative risk related to the balance sheet. To derive the risk included in the balance sheet, risk weights from 0 to 250 are applied to different balance sheet and off-balance sheet assets, primarily based on the relative credit risk of the counterparty. The capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings, and other factors. 
 Capital is then classified into three categories, Common Equity Tier 1, Additional Tier 1, and Tier 2. CET1 Capital is the sum of common stock instruments and related surplus net of treasury stock, retained earnings, AOCI and qualifying minority interests, less applicable regulatory adjustments and deductions that include AOCI (if an irrevocable option to neutralize AOCI is exercised). Mortgage-servicing assets, deferred tax assets, and investments in financial institutions are limited to an aggregate of 15 of CET1 and 10 of CET1 individually. Additional Tier 1 Capital includes noncumulative perpetual preferred stock, Tier 1 minority interests, grandfathered trust preferred securities, and Troubled Asset Relief Program instruments, less applicable regulatory adjustments and deductions. Tier 2 Capital includes subordinated debt and preferred stock not included in Additional Tier 1 Capital, total capital minority interests not included in Tier 1, and ALLL not exceeding 1.25 percent of risk-weighted assets, less applicable regulatory adjustments and deductions. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Smaller banks are subject to the following capital level threshold requirements: Capital Category 
 Threshold Ratios Total 
 Risk-Based 
 Capital Ratio 
 Tier 1 
 Risk-Based 
 Capital Ratio 
 CET1 
 Risk-Based 
 Capital Ratio 
 Tier 1 
 Leverage 
 Capital Ratio 
 Well capitalized 10.00 8 6.5 5 Adequately capitalized 8 6 4.5 4 Undercapitalized Table of Contents 

 Deposit Insurance Assessments 
 The deposits of a bank are insured by the FDIC up to the limits under applicable law, which currently is set at 250,000 for accounts under the same ownership. Banks are subject to deposit insurance premium assessments. The FDIC imposes a risk-based deposit premium assessment system. Under this system, the assessment rates for an insured depository institution vary according to the level of risk incurred in its activities. To arrive at an assessment rate for a banking institution, the FDIC places it in one of four risk categories determined by reference to its capital levels and supervisory ratings. In the case of those institutions in the lowest risk category, the FDIC further determines its assessment rate based on certain specified financial ratios or, if applicable, long-term debt ratings. The assessment rate schedule can change from time to time, at the discretion of the FDIC, subject to certain limits. Under the current system, premiums are assessed quarterly. The FDIC has published guidelines on the adjustment of assessment rates for certain institutions. The assessment base on which a bank s deposit insurance premiums is paid to the FDIC is now calculated based on its average consolidated total assets less its average equity. Congressional bills and other proposals could result in additional significant changes to the financial services and banking system, including, but not limited to, provisions for limitations on deposit insurance coverage or changing the timing and method financial institutions use to pay for deposit insurance. As a consequence of the extensive regulation of commercial banking activities in the United States, the Bank s business is particularly susceptible to being affected by federal legislation and regulations that may increase the costs of doing business or change the Corporation s competitive landscape. Whether any future legislation will be enacted or additional regulations will be adopted, and how they might impact the Company, cannot be determined at this time. 
 Insurance of deposits may be terminated by the FDIC upon a finding that the institution has engaged in unsafe and unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by a bank s federal regulatory agency. Deposits and certain claims for administrative expenses and employee compensation against insured depository institutions are afforded a priority over other general unsecured claims against the institution, including federal funds and letters of credit, in the liquidation or other resolution of that institution by any receiver appointed by federal authorities. These priority creditors include the FDIC. 
 Dividends 
 BayFirst s ability to pay cash dividends may depend almost entirely upon the aggregate amount of dividends that the Bank is able to pay and that the Bank is permitted to pay, by statutes or regulations, to the Company. Additionally, the FBCA provides that the Company may only pay dividends if the dividend payment would not render BayFirst insolvent, or cause BayFirst to be unable to meet obligations as they come due. These provisions could have the effect of limiting the ability to pay dividends. 
 Banking regulations limit the amount of dividends that may be paid. Approval by regulatory authorities is required if the effect of dividends declared would cause the regulatory capital of the Bank to fall below specified minimum levels. Approval is also required if dividends declared exceed the net profits of the Bank for that year combined with the retained net profits for the preceding two years. 
 Capital Conservation Buffer 
 (as a percentage of risk weighted assets) 
 Maximum Payout 
 Ratio (as a of 
 the Previous Four 
 Quarters of Net 
 Income) 
 Greater than 2.5 
 No payout limitation 
 Less than or equal to 2.5 and greater than 1.875 60 Less than or equal to 1.875 and greater than 1.25 40 Less than or equal to 1.25 and greater than 0.625 20 Less than or equal to 0.625 0 
 The Federal Reserve expects bank holding companies to serve as a source of strength to their subsidiary bank(s), which may require them to retain capital for investment in their subsidiary bank(s), rather than pay dividends to shareholders. As stated previously, the Bank may not pay dividends to BayFirst, if, after paying those dividends, the bank would fail to meet the required minimum levels under the risk-based capital guidelines and the minimum leverage ratio requirements. Payment of dividends by the Bank may be restricted at any time at the discretion of its applicable regulatory authorities if they deem such dividends to constitute an unsafe and/or unsound banking practice. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Fiscal and Monetary Policies 
 The business and earnings of a bank may be significantly affected by the fiscal and monetary policies of the federal government and its agencies. Banks are particularly affected by the policies of the Federal Reserve, which regulates the supply of money and credit in the United States. Among the instruments of monetary policy available to the Federal Reserve are: (i) conducting open market operations in United States government securities; (ii) changing the discount rates of borrowings of depository institutions; (iii) imposing or changing reserve requirements against depository institutions deposits; and (iv) imposing or changing reserve requirements against certain borrowing by banks and their affiliates. These methods are used in varying degrees and combinations to directly affect the availability of bank loans and deposits, as well as the interest rates charged on loans and paid on deposits. For that reason alone, the policies of the Federal Reserve have a material effect on the earnings of banks. 
 Other Laws 
 State usury and credit laws limit the amount of interest and other charges collected or contracted by a bank on loans. Bank loans are subject to federal laws applicable to credit transactions, such as the: 
 Federal Truth-In-Lending Act , which governs disclosures of credit terms to consumer borrowers; 
 Community Reinvestment Act , which requires financial institutions to meet their obligations to provide for the total credit needs of the communities they serve, including investing their assets in loans to low and moderate-income borrowers; 
 Home Mortgage Disclosure Act requiring financial institutions to provide information to enable public officials to determine whether a financial institution is fulfilling its obligations to meet the housing needs of the community it serves; 
 Equal Credit Opportunity Act prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, creed, or other prohibitive factors in extending credit; 
 Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act , which requires lenders to disclose certain information regarding the nature and cost of real estate settlements, and prohibits certain lending practices, as well as limits escrow account amounts in real estate transactions; 
 Fair Credit Reporting Act governing the collection of consumer debts by collection agencies; and 
 The rules and regulations of various federal agencies charged with the responsibility of implementing such federal laws. 
 Bank operations are also subject to the: 
 Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 , which contains privacy provisions that requires the Bank to maintain privacy policies intended to safeguard consumer financial information, to disclose these policies to the customers, and allow customers to opt out of having their financial service providers disclose their confidential financial information to nonaffiliated third parties, subject to certain exceptions; 
 Right to Financial Privacy Act , which imposes a duty to maintain confidentiality of consumer financial records and prescribes procedures for complying with administrative subpoenas of financial records; and 
 Electronic Funds Transfer Act and Regulation E , which govern automatic deposits to, and withdrawals from, deposit accounts and customers rights and liabilities arising from the use of debit cards, automated teller machines, and other electronic banking services. 
 Anti-Money Laundering 
 Banks are subject to significant regulation and supervision relative to anti-money laundering: 
 such regulation is broad and includes the extraterritorial jurisdiction of the United States; 
 compliance and due diligence obligations are significant and may be costly; 
 banks may be compelled to produce documents located both inside and outside the United States, including those of foreign institutions that have a correspondent relationship in the United States; and 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 banks enjoy a safe harbor from civil liability to customers for banks activities under anti-money laundering laws and regulation. 
 The U.S. Treasury, in cooperation with the federal banking agencies, the SEC, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, and the Department of Justice: 
 requires customer identification and verification; 
 imposes the money-laundering program requirement to the major financial services sectors, including insurance and unregistered investment companies, such as hedge funds; and 
 facilitates and permits the sharing of information between law enforcement and financial institutions, as well as among financial institutions themselves. 
 Enforcement of the anti-money laundering laws and regulations is significant, on the part of both state and federal regulators. 
 Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act 
 The Dodd-Frank Act has had a broad impact on the financial services industry, imposing significant regulatory and compliance changes, including the designation of certain financial companies as systemically significant, the imposition of increased capital, leverage, and liquidity requirements, and numerous other provisions designed to improve supervision and oversight of, and strengthen safety and soundness within, the financial services sector. Additionally, the Dodd-Frank Act established a framework of authority to conduct systemic risk oversight within the financial system to be distributed among federal regulatory agencies, including the Financial Stability Oversight Council, the Federal Reserve, the OCC, and the FDIC. The following items provide a brief description of certain key provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act that affect banks: 
 Limitation on debit card transaction fees. The amount a provider can charge for debit card transaction fees, commonly referred to as interchange fees, is now limited to 0.21 plus 0.05 of the price of the transaction (plus 0.01, if the provider has certain fraud prevention standards in place). 
 Mortgage loan origination and risk retention. Additional regulatory requirements have been put in place that may affect the operations and result in increased compliance costs. For example, new standards have been created for mortgage loan originations on all lenders, including banks and thrifts, in an effort to require steps to verify a borrower s ability to repay. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act generally requires lenders or securitizers to retain an economic interest in the credit risk relating to loans the lender sells or mortgage and other asset-backed securities that the securitizer issues. These applicable rules generally require a sponsor of this type of transaction to retain an economic interest equal to at least 5 percent of the aggregate credit risk of the assets collateralizing an issuance. 
 Expanded FDIC resolution authority. While insured depository institutions have long been subject to the FDIC s resolution process, the Dodd-Frank Act created a new mechanism for the FDIC to conduct the orderly liquidation of certain covered financial companies, including bank and thrift holding companies and systemically significant nonbank financial companies. 
 Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. An independent CFPB was created within the Federal Reserve. The CFPB is tasked with establishing and implementing rules and regulations under certain federal consumer protection laws with respect to the conduct of providers of certain consumer financial products and services. The CFPB has rulemaking authority over many of the statutes governing products and services offered to bank and thrift consumers. 
 Transactions with affiliates and insiders. The Dodd-Frank Act generally enhanced the restrictions on transactions with affiliates under Section 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act, including an expansion of the definition of covered transactions. 
 Enhanced lending limits. The Dodd-Frank Act strengthened the limits on a depository institution s credit exposure to one borrower. 
 Future Legislation 
 Various other legislative and regulatory initiatives, including proposals to overhaul the banking regulatory system are from time to time introduced in Congress and state legislatures, as well as regulatory agencies. The latest example was the passing of the Dodd-Frank Act. Future legislation regarding financial institutions may change banking statutes and the 
 16 

operating environment of the Company in substantial and unpredictable ways, and could increase or decrease the cost of doing business, limit or expand permissible activities or affect the competitive balance depending upon whether any of this potential legislation will be enacted, and if enacted, the effect that it or any implementing regulations, would have on the financial condition or results of operations of the Company. The nature and extent of future legislative and regulatory changes affecting financial institutions is very unpredictable at this time. 
 Available Information 
 The Company s annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports are available free of charge on the Company s website at www.bayfirstfinancial.com as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission. These documents are also available on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Our business and results of operations are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. The material risks and uncertainties that management believes affect the Company are described below. Additional risks and uncertainties that management is not aware of or that management currently deems immaterial may also impair the Company s business operations. This report is qualified in its entirety by these risk factors. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. If this were to happen, the value of our securities could decline significantly, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Some statements in the following risk factors constitute forward-looking statements. Please refer to Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in Item 7 of this report. 
 Risk Factor Summary 
 Our business is subject to uncertainties and risks and our risk factors can be broadly summarized by the following: 
 Our ability to grow the size and geographic scope of our loan generation, loan sale, and deposit gathering business, and the infrastructure needed to support it; 
 Possible loan defaults, devaluation of collateral, adverse political, environmental, or economic events, and competition; 
 Interest rates and available sources of liquidity; 
 Our ability to raise capital and the effects of doing so on our shareholders; 
 The potential that we are subject to fraud, incorrect judgments, or other bad acts of third parties; 
 Laws, regulations, rules, and standards to which we are subject and the government agencies with which we interact; 
 Recruitment, retention, development, performance, and potential bad acts of our key executives and other employees, as well as transactions with them and our directors; 
 Dividend and other restrictions placed on us by our outstanding preferred stock, restrictions that may be imposed by future issuances of preferred stock, and our pledging of the stock in the Bank to secure a loan; 
 Rapidly developing technology; 
 Estimates used in certain valuations, including our loan loss reserve; and 
 Features of our stock, such as liquidity, dilution, the lack of preemptive rights, our SEC reporting status, and the concentration of ownership among our insiders. 
 Risk Factors Related to Our Business 
 Liquidity risk could impair our ability to fund operations and jeopardize our financial condition. 
 Liquidity is essential to our business. Actions by the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta or the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System may reduce our borrowing capacity. Additionally, we may not be able to attract deposits at competitive rates. Our inability to raise funds through traditional deposits, brokered deposits, borrowings, the sale of investment securities or loans, and other sources could negatively affect our liquidity or result in increased funding costs. Liquidity may also be adversely impacted by bank supervisory and regulatory authorities mandating changes in the composition of our balance sheet to asset classes that are less liquid. 
 Changes in interest rates affect our profitability and assets. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Our profitability depends to a large extent on the Bank s net interest income, which is the difference between income on interest-earning assets, such as loans and investment securities, and expenses on interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowings. We are unable to predict changes in market interest rates, which are affected by many factors beyond our control including inflation, economic recession, unemployment, money supply, domestic and international events, and changes in the United States and other financial markets. 
 At December 31, 2022, our one-year interest rate sensitivity position was asset sensitive, such that a gradual increase in interest rates during the next twelve months would have a positive impact on our net interest income. Our results of operations are affected by changes in interest rates and our ability to manage this risk. The difference between interest rates charged on interest-earning assets and interest rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities may be affected by changes in market interest rates, changes in relationships between interest rate indices, and changes in the relationships between long-term and short-term market interest rates. Our net interest income may be reduced if: (i) more interest-earning assets than interest-bearing liabilities reprice or mature during a time when interest rates are declining; or (ii) more interest-bearing liabilities than interest-earning assets reprice or mature during a time when interest rates are rising. In addition, the mix of assets and liabilities could change as varying levels of market interest rates might present our customer base with more attractive options. 
 We may be unable to continue to produce the volume of loans necessary to support our SBA and other government guaranteed lending business. 
 Our business strategy places a significant emphasis on SBA and other government guaranteed lending. In order to successfully implement this strategy, we must originate and fund a substantial dollar amount of loans. To do so, we must identify qualified and interested borrowers and have sufficient capital and liquidity to support and fund such loans. If we are not successful in implementing this strategy, our income and results of operations may be adversely affected. 
 We depend on the sale of both the guaranteed and unguaranteed portions of our government guaranteed loans, but also face risks relating to the retained portions of unguaranteed loans. 
 Our strategy historically has been, and may continue to be, to sell both the guaranteed balances of SBA and other government guaranteed loans, as well as a percentage of the unguaranteed portions of such loans, within legally allowable limits. A material portion of our net income and profitability depended, and may continue to depend, on gains on sales of the guaranteed portions of the government guaranteed loans that we originate. We also from time to time pursue the sales of unguaranteed portions of such loans, which provide us with additional liquidity and capital capacity to permit us to make additional loans when needed. Our ability to sell both the guaranteed and unguaranteed portions of these loans is dependent upon our ability to identify purchasers with the demand and capacity to buy them, the attractiveness of the loans, our underwriting quality, and other factors. Our ability to continue to make new loans and hold them in our loan portfolio will be limited by our current capital and liquidity positions. To the extent we retain the unguaranteed portion of these loans in our portfolio, we may be required to make significant provisions to our ACL. The Bank adopted ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments effective January 1, 2023. This standard requires financial institutions to determine periodic estimates of lifetime expected credit losses on financial instruments and other commitments to extend credit. This changed the current method of providing allowances for credit losses that are probable, which may require us to increase our allowance for loan losses. 
 Our loan origination processes present heightened opportunities for borrower or referral fraud. 
 The loans we originate through our technology partners and referral sources are obtained primarily through an online application process. We do not generally meet with the borrowers in person. Our referral sources also are involved in assisting the borrowers with completing their loan applications. Therefore, it is difficult for us to definitively ascertain or confirm a borrower s identity, structure, creditworthiness, or veracity in completing the loan application process. If a borrower or a referral source intentionally, or unintentionally, provides us with incorrect information that we rely on in underwriting a loan, we could be subject to increased credit risk for that loan. Such increased risk could result in increased loan losses or heightened provisions to our ACL, either of which would adversely affect our credit quality and net income. We may also become subject to heightened regulatory scrutiny for making loans to such borrowers and may be required to dedicate time and other resources to addressing regulatory concerns. 
 Our loan referral sources operate independently from us and may take actions for which we may be held responsible. 
 Our referral sources for SBA and other government guaranteed loans operate independently from us and have the initial interactions with many loan applicants and borrowers. As part of those interactions, our referral sources may take actions 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 which violate laws, regulations, or our policies. These may include, among other things, charging impermissible fees, failing to provide or properly complete required documentation or disclosures, making false or misleading statements, or encouraging an applicant to make misrepresentations. In certain instances, the Bank may be held responsible by an applicant or a government agency for such actions. If that were to happen, the Bank may be required to pay restitution or fines, be subject to regulatory enforcement actions, or lose certain statuses with the SBA or other government agencies. 
 We rely heavily on technology partners and other referral sources in our SBA loan origination process. 
 As part of our SBA lending strategy, we use the services of technology partners and other referral sources. These arrangements allow us to originate loans throughout the U.S. via the internet. We do not have an exclusivity arrangement with any referral source. Therefore, we cannot be assured that we will be able to originate and close or maintain any specific level of SBA loans through such sources in the future. In addition, our technology partners are subject to online commerce risks generally, including hacking and use of the site by persons using fraudulent credentials. Should we not continue to generate a substantial volume of loan business through our use of referral sources, or if they experience operational interruptions, or direct loans to other lenders, our SBA lending may be materially reduced, which could reduce our net income and our asset growth. 
 Our operations are growing at a rapid pace and our training programs and operational protocols may lag behind our growth. 
 Our branch network and SBA lending operations are expanding at a rapid pace. As a result, we may not be able to provide comprehensive or timely training to staff. 
 We may also not develop appropriate operational protocols as we expand our products and services. If we fail to do so, our employees may not have a set of standards and expectations pursuant to which they perform their assigned duties. If we are not able to fully and promptly provide training to our employees, or develop appropriate protocols, our employees may be susceptible to mistakes, fail to recognize fraud or other weaknesses in our operations, or fail to recognize or mitigate other risks. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted economic conditions, the financial and labor markets and workplace operating environments and the effects of such disruptions will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and are difficult to predict. 
 While COVID-19 pandemic conditions have improved, past and potential future government actions taken to reduce the spread of the virus have been weighing on the macroeconomic environment. As a result, lingering economic uncertainty and reduced economic activity remains. In addition, new virus strains could adversely impact our borrowers , customers , and business partners workforces and operations. As a result, we may experience losses due to operational factors impacting us or our borrowers, employees, customers, or business partners. 
 The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have varied significantly by region, and the extent of the effects of the pandemic on the U.S. and global economies, labor markets and financial markets are likely to continue to change. Future developments will be highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the effectiveness of post-pandemic remote working arrangements, third party providers abilities to continue to support our operations, and any further actions taken by governmental authorities and other third parties. Accordingly, the pandemic and related dynamics could continue to materially and adversely affect our business, operations, operating results, financial condition, liquidity or capital levels. Further, there are no comparable recent events to provide guidance as to the effect a global pandemic may have, and, as a result, the ultimate impact of the outbreak is highly uncertain and subject to change. 
 Changes in economic and political conditions could adversely affect our earnings through declines in deposits, loan demand, the ability of our customers to repay loans and the value of the collateral securing our loans. 
 Our success depends to a significant extent upon local and national economic and political conditions, as well as governmental fiscal and monetary policies. Conditions such as inflation, recession, unemployment, changes in interest rates, fiscal and monetary policy, an increasing federal government budget deficit, slowing gross domestic product, tariffs, a U.S. withdrawal from or significant renegotiation of trade agreements, trade wars, and other factors beyond our control may adversely affect our deposit levels and composition, the quality of investment securities available for purchase, demand for loans, the ability of our borrowers to repay their loans, and the value of the collateral securing loans. Recent political developments in Russia and Ukraine may result in substantial changes in economic and political conditions for the U.S. and the remainder of the world. Disruptions in U.S. and global financial markets, and changes in oil production and 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 supply in the Middle East and Russia, also affect the economy and stock prices in the U.S., which can affect our earnings, capital, as well as the ability of our customers to repay loans. 
 A shutdown of the Federal government would likely result in us being temporarily unable to make SBA and other government guaranteed loans. 
 If the Federal government experiences a shutdown, it is likely that the SBA, and other agencies which guaranty some of the loans we make, will be unable to process those loans. As a result, our ability to make those loans would be delayed. During such a delay, it is possible that prospective borrowers could obtain financing from other sources or elect not to borrow. Any delay in closing these types of loans, or losing the opportunity to make them, could result in decreased fee and interest income and adversely affect our financial performance. 
 Changes in the laws or regulations governing our SBA and other government guaranteed lending activities and our mortgage lending business may adversely affect our ability to operate them profitably. 
 Our SBA and other government lending programs and our mortgage lending activities are subject to laws and regulations administered by government agencies such as the SBA, the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development, and the United States Department of Agriculture. If any of these laws or regulations change, or the policies and practices of these agencies change, such changes may impact our ability to offer such products in a profitable manner, or at all. If we are unable to profitably offer these products, our net income will likely decrease and our financial condition and performance will likely deteriorate. 
 We may not be able to retain or grow our core deposit base, which could adversely impact our funding costs. 
 We rely on client deposits as our primary source of funding for our lending activities. Our future growth will largely depend on our ability to retain and grow our core deposit base. Our retention and acquisition of customer deposits are subject to potentially dramatic fluctuations in availability or price due to certain factors outside of our control, such as increasing competitive pressures for deposits, changes in interest rates and returns on other investment classes, client perceptions of our financial health and general reputation, or a loss of confidence by clients in us or the banking sector generally. Such factors could result in significant outflows of deposits within short periods of time or significant changes in pricing necessary to maintain current client deposits or attract additional deposits. Additionally, any such loss of funds could result in lower loan originations or the need to sell investment securities at a loss, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Unrealized losses in the Bank s investment portfolio could affect liquidity. 
 As market interest rates increased during 2022, the unrealized losses on the Bank s investment portfolio also increased. The increase in unrealized losses is reflected in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income AOCI on the balance sheet and reduces book capital, and therefore, the tangible common equity ratio. Unrealized losses do not affect regulatory capital ratios. 
 The Bank s access to liquidity sources could be affected by unrealized losses if investments must be sold at a loss, tangible capital ratios continue to decline from an increase in unrealized losses or realized credit losses, the FHLB or other sources reduce capacity or bank regulators impose restrictions on the Bank such as a limit on interest rates it may pay on deposits or its ability to access brokered deposits. 
 We have expanded into new markets with which we have less familiarity with than our historic markets. 
 We intend to continue to expand the geographic scope of our SBA and USDA loan origination efforts when we identify attractive opportunities. Our senior management and Board of Directors have less familiarity with these markets than they do with our Florida markets. We are dependent on the expertise and actions of the bankers we have hired to be successful in these markets. 
 We are dependent on our management team and any of their departure, or subsequent employment with a competitor could adversely affect our operations. 
 Our growth and development are particularly dependent upon the personal efforts and abilities of our executive officers and other qualified personnel. The loss or unavailability of such officers or employees could have a material adverse effect on our operations and prospects. Such adverse effect may be magnified if any such officer or employee were to become employed with a competitor of ours. In early 2023, our Chief Executive Officer Anthony Leo announced his retirement effective at the end of the year. Our Boards have selected current Bank President Thomas Zernick to become Chief 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Executive Officer of the Company. If this transition is not effective or if we encounter problems in implementing it, our performance may suffer. 
 We have pledged the outstanding shares of the Bank to secure a loan, and if we cannot repay the loan when due, the lender may foreclose on the loan and take ownership of the Bank. 
 We have pledged 100 of the outstanding shares of the Bank s capital stock to secure a term loan with another financial institution with a balance of 2.8 million as of December 31, 2022. If we do not have cash available at BayFirst or we are unable to fund dividends from the Bank to BayFirst, we may not be able to make principal or interest payments due on the loan. If we cannot repay or refinance the loan on or prior to maturity, the lender may foreclose on the pledged stock and take ownership of the Bank. In which case, we may not have any source of revenue and it would be unlikely that we would continue to operate. The loan currently matures on March 10, 2029. 
 We engage in transactions with our directors and their related interests, which creates the potential for conflicts of interest. 
 Directors Mark S. Berset and Derek S. Berset are owners of an insurance agency from which the Bank purchases insurance. From time to time the Bank makes loans to, and accepts deposits from, officers and directors and their affiliates. Further, from time to time, in the ordinary course of business, the Company has entered into transactions with certain members of its Board of Directors for various professional services. 
 Such insider transactions present reputational and corporate governance risks to BayFirst and the Bank. Insider transactions often draw the scrutiny of regulators and shareholders. If they were to identify terms of the transactions, or aspects of the process through which we entered into them, that they deemed to be inappropriately unfavorable to BayFirst or the Bank, such regulators or shareholders might take enforcement or legal action against us. Similarly, insider transactions may present an opportunity for taking advantage of BayFirst or the Bank. If any such events were to occur, BayFirst and the Bank may incur expenses or become engaged in time consuming enforcement or legal processes that could negatively affect our performance. 
 We may not be able to collect on the guarantees of our SBA or other government guaranteed loans if borrowers default. 
 In order to collect on their guarantees, we must strictly comply with the standards set by the SBA or other government agencies. If our government guaranteed loans or our servicing and administration of them do not comply with such standards, we may not be able to collect on their guarantees in the event of default. In such case, our asset quality, earnings, and growth prospects could be adversely affected. 
 Our Internet-based systems and online commerce activities are subject to security threats that could adversely affect our business. 
 Third party, or internal, systems and networks may fail to operate properly or become disabled due to deliberate attacks or unintentional events. Our operations are vulnerable to disruptions from human error, natural disasters, power loss, computer viruses, spam attacks, denial of service attacks, unauthorized access, and other unforeseen events. Undiscovered data corruption could render our customer information inaccurate. These events may obstruct our ability to provide services, underwrite loans, and process transactions. Any such incident could put confidential customer information at risk, which may result in significant liability to us, subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny, damage our reputation, result in a loss of customers, cause us to incur significant expense to remediate any damage and inhibit current and potential customers from using our online banking services, any or all of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 A failure or breach, including cyberattacks, of our computer systems or other technologies could disrupt our business, result in the disclosure of confidential information, and create significant financial and legal exposure. 
 There is no assurance that our computer systems and other technologies will provide absolute security. In the case of a failure or breach of such systems, their functionality may be disabled. In addition, the confidentiality and integrity of our and our clients information may be compromised. Further, to access our products and services, our clients may use computers and mobile devices that are beyond our security systems. Our clients or our websites or systems may be subject to attacks intended to obtain unauthorized access to confidential information, destroy data, or disable or sabotage services, often through the introduction of computer viruses or malware, cyberattacks, and other means. 
 Furthermore, the methods of cyberattacks change frequently and may not be recognized until or after launch. Therefore, we may not be able to anticipate or implement effective preventive measures against all possible security breaches. Any 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 successful cyberattack or other security breach may result in the misappropriation, loss, or other unauthorized disclosure of confidential customer information. Such an event may also compromise our ability to function and could severely damage our reputation, erode confidence in the security of our systems, products, and services, expose us to the risk of litigation and liability, and disrupt our operations. Any successful cyberattack may subject us to regulatory investigations, litigation or enforcement, or require the payment of regulatory penalties or require us to undertake costly remediation efforts. All or any of these could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations and damage our reputation. 
 The valuation of our SBA and USDA related servicing rights is based on estimates and subject to fluctuation based on market conditions and other factors that are beyond our control. 
 The fair value of our SBA and USDA servicing rights is estimated by a third party based upon projections of expected future cash flows generated by the loans we service, historical prepayment rates, future prepayment estimates, portfolio characteristics, interest rates based on interest rate yield curves, volatility, market demand for servicing rights, and other factors. While this evaluation process uses historical and other objective information, the valuation of our servicing rights is ultimately an estimate based on our experience, judgment, and expectations regarding our servicing portfolio and the broader market. This is an inherently uncertain process and the value of our servicing rights may be adversely impacted by factors that are beyond our control, which may in turn cause us to record valuation allowances which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Changes in business and economic conditions, in particular those of the Florida markets in which we operate, could lead to lower asset quality and decreased earnings. 
 Unlike larger national or regional banks that are more geographically diversified, our business and earnings are closely tied to general business and economic conditions in our market area. The local economy is heavily influenced by tourism, real estate, and other service-based industries. Factors that could affect the local economy include declines in tourism, higher energy costs, reduced consumer or corporate spending, natural disasters or adverse weather and a significant decline in real estate values. A sustained economic downturn could adversely affect the quality of our assets, credit losses, and the demand for our products and services, which could lead to lower revenue and lower earnings. 
 Most expansion activities require approval of our regulators, which we may not be able to obtain, or that may impose conditions that we find to be unacceptable. 
 Branch openings, and other expansion activities, generally require the approval of our regulators. We may not be able to obtain such approvals if our regulators do not believe we are financially or managerially strong enough to integrate or manage such activities. In addition, our regulators consider our capital, liquidity, profitability, regulatory compliance, including with the Community Reinvestment Act and the Bank Secrecy Act, and levels of goodwill and intangibles when considering acquisition and expansion proposals. Our regulators may also impose conditions in approvals that we find to be unacceptable, prohibitive, or otherwise undesirable. In any of those instances, we may be unable or unwilling to consummate a transaction or undertake an expansionary activity. 
 We are subject to numerous laws designed to protect consumers, including the Community Reinvestment Act and fair lending laws, and failure to comply with these laws could lead to material penalties and have negative effects on our business. 
 The Community Reinvestment Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act, and other fair lending laws and regulations impose obligations and nondiscriminatory lending requirements on financial institutions. The banking regulators and the U.S. Department of Justice are responsible for enforcing these laws and regulations. A successful regulatory challenge to an institution s performance under the Community Reinvestment Act or fair lending laws and regulations could result in a wide variety of sanctions, including damages and civil money penalties, injunctive relief, restrictions on branch expansion, merger and acquisition activity, and restrictions on entering new business lines. Private parties may also have the ability to challenge our performance under fair lending laws in private class action litigation. Such actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and future prospects. 
 We may be required to make increases in our loan loss reserve and to charge off loans in the future, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 The determination of the appropriate level of the loan loss reserve involves a high degree of subjectivity and judgment and requires us to make significant estimates of current credit risks, which may undergo material changes. Changes in economic conditions affecting borrowers, new information regarding existing loans, identification of additional problem 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 loans and other factors within and outside of our control, may require an increase in the loan loss reserve. In addition, our regulators periodically review our loan loss reserve and may request an increase in the provision for loan losses or the recognition of loan charge-offs, based on judgments different than those of management. Furthermore, the Financial Accounting Standards Board has issued a current expected credit loss rule, which will change our accounting for losses by requiring us to record, at the time of origination, credit losses expected throughout the life of loans, held-to-maturity investment securities, and certain other assets and off-balance sheet credit exposures as opposed to the current practice of recording losses when it is probable that a loss event has occurred. We implemented this new standard on January 1, 2023 and we will recognize a one-time adjustment to the allowance. We have not yet determined the magnitude of such adjustment or the overall impact on financial results but expect it to be between 3 million and 5 million. Also, if charge-offs in future periods exceed the allowance, we will need additional provisions to increase the allowance, which would result in a decrease in net income and capital, and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 If real estate values in our markets decline, we could experience losses upon foreclosure of the loan or sale of the real estate. 
 A material portion of our loan portfolio consists of mortgages secured by real estate located in Pinellas, Pasco, Hillsborough, Manatee, and Sarasota Counties, Florida. Real estate values in our market may decline due to changes in national, regional or local economic conditions; fluctuations in interest rates and the availability of loans to potential purchasers; changes in the tax laws and other governmental statutes, regulations and policies; and acts of nature. If real estate values decline in our market, the value of the real estate collateral securing our loans will likely be reduced. Any reduction in the value of the collateral securing our loans could reduce the amount of money we could realize on the sale of any collateral and thereby adversely affect our financial performance. 
 Hurricanes or other adverse weather events, as well as climate change, could negatively affect our local economies or disrupt our operations, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 Our market areas in Florida are susceptible to hurricanes, tropical storms, and related flooding and wind damage. Such weather events can disrupt operations, result in damage to properties and negatively affect the l ocal economies in the markets where we operate. Such weather events could result in a decline in loan originations, a decline in the value, or destruction of properties securing our loans and an increase in delinquencies, foreclosures, or loan losses. Our business and results of operations may be adversely affected by these and other negative effects of future hurricanes, tropical storms, related flooding and wind damage and other similar weather events. Climate change may be increasing the severity and frequency of adverse weather conditions, making the impact from these types of natural disasters on us or customers worse. 
 Further, concerns over the long-term impacts of climate change have led and may continue to lead to governmental efforts around the world to mitigate those impacts. Investors, consumers, and businesses also may change their behavior on their own as a result of these concerns. The State of Florida could be disproportionately impacted by long-term climate changes. We and our customers may face cost increases, asset value reductions, and changes in supply or demand for products and services resulting from new laws, regulations, and changing consumer and investor preferences regarding responses to climate change. 
 Our loan portfolio includes a material amount of commercial real estate and commercial and industrial loans. 
 The credit risk associated with commercial real estate loans and C I loans is a result of several factors, including the concentration of principal in a limited number of loans and to borrowers in similar lines of business, the size of loan balances, the effects of general economic conditions on the demand for C I products and services and income-producing properties, and the increased difficulty of evaluating and monitoring these types of loans. Repayment of commercial real estate and C I loans in some cases is dependent upon the successful operation of the related business or the development or sale of the related real estate. If the actual or potential cash flow from a business or property is reduced, the borrower s ability to repay the loan may be impaired. As a result, repayment of these loans may, to a greater extent than other types of loans, be subject to adverse conditions in the real estate market or economy. In addition, if the Bank forecloses on the collateral securing C I loans, the potential market for selling such collateral may be limited to persons already engaged in a similar business. That may result in the Bank recovering an amount for such collateral less than the amount of the loan or taking an extended time to liquidate such collateral. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Our use of appraisals in deciding whether to make a loan secured by real property or how to value the loan in the future may not accurately describe the net value of the collateral that we can realize. 
 In considering whether to make a loan secured by real property, we generally require an appraisal of the property. However, an appraisal is only an estimate of the value of the property at the time the appraisal is made, and, as real estate values may fluctuate over relatively short periods of time, especially in times of heightened economic uncertainty, this estimate might not accurately describe the net value of the collateral after the loan has been closed. If the appraisal does not reflect the amount that may be obtained upon any sale or foreclosure of the property, we may not realize an amount equal to the indebtedness secured by the property. In addition, we rely on appraisals and other valuations to establish the value of foreclosed real estate and to determine certain loan impairments. If any of these valuations are inaccurate, our consolidated financial statements may not reflect the correct value of our foreclosed upon real estate, and our loan loss reserve may not accurately reflect loan impairments. Inaccurate valuations of properties could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We operate in a highly competitive industry and market area. 
 We face substantial competition in all areas of our operations from a variety of different competitors, many of which are larger and may have more financial resources than we do. Such competitors primarily include Internet banks and national, regional and community banks within the various markets we serve. We also face competition from many other types of financial institutions, including, without limitation, savings and loan institutions, credit unions, mortgage companies, other finance companies, brokerage firms, insurance companies, factoring companies and other financial intermediaries. The financial services industry could become even more competitive as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological changes, as well as continued consolidation. Many of our competitors have fewer regulatory constraints and may have lower cost structures. Our success depends on our ability to compete successfully in our market area, and there is no guarantee that we will be able to do so. 
 We may face risks with respect to future expansion. 
 We may consider and enter into new lines of business or offer new products or services. We may acquire all or parts of other institutions and we may engage in additional de novo branch expansion. Expansion involves a number of risks, including the costs associated with identifying and evaluating potential acquisitions and merger partners, inaccurate estimates and judgments regarding credit, operations, management and market risks of the target institution, our ability to finance expansion, possible dilution to our existing shareholders, the diversion of our management s attention to the negotiation of a transaction, the integration of the operations and personnel of combining businesses, and the possibility of unknown or contingent liabilities. 
 We may need additional capital in the future, but such capital may not be available when needed. 
 We may need to obtain additional debt or equity financing to fund future growth and meet our capital needs. We cannot guarantee that such financing will be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If our financial performance is unsatisfactory or if negative economic events or disruptions in the capital markets occur, it may not be possible for us to find sources of sufficient capital for our business operations. If we are unable to obtain future financing, we may not have the resources available to fund our planned growth. 
 We are subject to government regulation and monetary policy that could constrain our growth and profitability. 
 We are subject to extensive federal government supervision and regulations that impose substantial limitations with respect to lending activities, purchases of investment securities, the payment of dividends, and many other aspects of our business. Many of these regulations are intended to protect depositors, the public, and the FDIC, but not our shareholders. The banking industry is heavily regulated. We are subject to examinations, supervision and comprehensive regulation by various federal and state agencies. Our compliance with these regulations is costly and restricts certain activities. The burden imposed by federal and state regulations puts banks at a competitive disadvantage compared to less regulated competitors such as finance companies, mortgage banking companies, and leasing companies. Federal economic and monetary policy may also affect our ability to attract deposits, make loans, and achieve our planned operating results. New laws and regulations may increase costs of regulatory compliance. Further, additional legislation and regulations that could significantly affect our power and authority, and operations may be enacted or adopted in the future which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Legislation and regulatory proposals enacted in response to market and economic conditions may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in the laws, regulations, and regulatory practices affecting the banking industry may increase our costs of doing business or otherwise adversely affect us and create competitive advantages for our competitors. For example, the Dodd-Frank Act in particular represented a significant overhaul of many aspects of the regulation of the financial services industry, some of which have yet to be implemented. In addition, because regulation of financial institutions changes regularly and is the subject of constant legislative debate, we cannot forecast how federal or state regulation of financial institutions may change in the future and impact our operations. Recent and forthcoming changes to banking regulations may impact the profitability of our business activities, require changes to some of our business practices, or otherwise adversely affect our business. These changes may also require us to invest significant management attention and resources to evaluate and make any changes necessary to comply with new statutory and regulatory requirements. It may also require us to hold higher levels of regulatory capital and/or liquidity and it may cause us to adjust our business strategy and limit our future business opportunities. We cannot predict the effects of future legislation and new or revised regulations on us, our competitors, or on the financial markets and economy, although they may significantly increase costs and impede the efficiency of our internal business processes. 
 Changes in local, national, or global economic and political conditions could adversely affect results of operations by affecting deposits and loan demand, credit quality and our relationships with vendors. 
 Our success depends to a significant extent upon local, national, and, to a lesser extent, global economic and political conditions. Conditions such as inflation, recession, unemployment, changes in interest rates, fiscal and monetary policy, government budget deficits, slowing gross domestic product, tariffs, a U.S. withdrawal from or significant renegotiation of trade agreements, military hostilities, terrorism, trade wars, economic sanctions, and other factors beyond our control may adversely affect our deposit levels and composition, the quality of investment securities in our portfolio or available for purchase, demand for loans, the ability of our borrowers to repay their loans, the value of the collateral securing loans, and the ability of our vendors to perform according to contractual requirements. Recent political and military developments in Russia, Ukraine, and elsewhere may result in substantial changes in economic and political conditions for the U.S. and the remainder of the world. Disruptions in U.S. and global financial markets, and changes in global oil production and supply in the Middle East and Russia, also affect the economy and stock prices in the U.S., which can affect our earnings, capital, the ability of our customers to repay loans, and other aspects of our operations. 
 Inflation could negatively impact our business and our profitability. 
 Significant or prolonged inflation may impact our profitability by negatively impacting our fixed costs and expenses, including increasing funding costs and executive and other employee compensation expense, and negatively impacting the demand for banking products and services. Additionally, inflation may lead to a decrease in client purchasing power and negatively affect the need or demand for loans or deposit accounts. If significant inflation continues, our business could also be negatively affected by, among other things, increased loan default and losses. If we experience such effects of inflation, our results of operations could suffer. 
 ESG risks could adversely affect our reputation and shareholder, employee, client and third party relationships. 
 As a publicly traded company, we face increasing public scrutiny related to ESG activities. If we fail to act responsibly in areas, such as DEI, environmental stewardship, human capital management, support for our local communities, corporate governance, and transparency, or fail to consider ESG factors in our business operations, our reputation may be adversely affected. Furthermore, as a result of the diversity of our clients and business partners, we may face negative publicity because of the identity of our clients or business partners and the public s view of those entities. Additionally, we may face pressure to not do business in certain industries that are viewed as harmful to the environment or are otherwise negatively perceived, which could impact our growth. If we, or our clients or business partners, become the subject of such negative publicity, our ability to attract and retain clients, employees, and business partners, may be negatively impacted, which could affect our results of operation or growth prospects. 
 Additionally, investors and shareholder advocates are increasing their emphasis on how corporations address ESG issues in their business strategies. 
 An economic downturn could have a material adverse effect on our capital, financial condition, results of operations, and future growth. 
 We monitor market conditions and economic factors throughout, and beyond, our geographic markets. If economic conditions were to worsen nationally, regionally, or locally, we could experience a decline in credit quality and loan and deposit demand. Such declines could negatively affect our business and have a material adverse effect on our capital, 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 financial condition, results of operations, and future growth. In addition, international economic and political uncertainty could impact the U.S. financial markets by potentially suppressing stock prices, including ours, and adding to overall market volatility, which could adversely affect our business. The effects of any economic downturn on our business could continue for many years after the downturn is considered to have ended. 
 We may incur losses if asset values decline, including due to changes in interest rates and prepayment speeds. 
 We have a large portfolio of financial instruments, including loans and loan commitments, debt securities, and certain other assets and liabilities that we measure at fair value that are subject to valuation and impairment assessments. We determine these values based on applicable accounting guidance. For financial instruments measured at fair value, this requires us to base fair value on exit price and to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs in fair value measurements. The fair values of financial instruments include adjustments for market liquidity, credit quality, and other transaction-specific factors, if appropriate. Gains or losses on these instruments can have a direct impact on our results of operations. Increases in interest rates or changes in spreads may adversely impact the fair value of loans or debt securities and, accordingly, for debt securities classified as available for sale, may adversely affect accumulated other comprehensive income and, thus, capital levels. These market factors also may adversely impact the value of debt securities we hold to meet regulatory liquidity requirements. Decreases in interest rates may increase prepayments of certain assets, and, therefore, may adversely affect net interest income. 
 Technological changes, including online and mobile banking, have the potential of disrupting our business model, and we may have fewer resources than many competitors to invest in technological improvements. 
 The financial services industry continues to undergo rapid technological changes with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services, including mobile and online banking services. Changes in customer behaviors have increased the need to offer these options to our customers. In addition to serving clients better, the effective use of technology may increase efficiency and may enable financial institutions to reduce costs. Our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to invest in and use technology to provide products and services that provide convenience to customers and to create additional efficiencies in our operations. We may need to make significant additional capital investments in technology in the future, and we may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services in a timely manner in response to changes in customer behaviors, thus adversely impacting our operations. Many of our competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements and banking regulators may permit emerging technology companies to engage in activities previously reserved to traditional commercial banks. Such competition could adversely affect our performance and results of operations. 
 Changes in accounting standards may affect our performance. 
 Our accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. From time to time, there are changes in the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of our financial statements. These changes can be difficult to predict and can materially impact how we record and report our financial condition and statements of operations. Future changes in financial accounting and reporting standards could require us to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, which could result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition or could even require us to restate prior period financial statements. 
 We face risks related to our operational, technological, and organizational infrastructure. 
 Our ability to grow and compete is dependent on our ability to build or acquire the necessary operational and technological infrastructure and to manage the cost of that infrastructure while we expand. Similar to other financial institutions, our operational risk can manifest itself in many ways, such as errors related to failed or inadequate processes, faulty or disabled computer systems, fraud by employees or outside persons, and exposure to external events. We are dependent on our operational infrastructure to help manage these risks. In addition, we are heavily dependent on the strength and capability of our technology systems, which we use both to interface with our customers and to manage our internal financial and other systems. Our ability to develop and deliver new products that meet the needs of our existing customers and attract new ones depends on the functionality of our technology systems. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Our Securities 
 A vibrant public trading market for our common stock has not and may not develop, which may hinder your ability to sell the common stock and may lower the market price of the stock. 
 Our common stock is quoted and traded on Nasdaq under the symbol BAFN. However, this listing has not yet resulted in a substantially liquid market for our common stock. We cannot be certain if or when such a market may develop. Accordingly, investors should consider the potential illiquid and long-term nature of an investment in our common stock. You may, therefore, be required to bear the risks of this investment for an indefinite period of time. 
 Shareholders may face dilution resulting from the issuance of common stock in the future. 
 We may issue common stock without shareholder approval, up to the number of authorized shares set forth in our Articles of Incorporation. Our Board may determine, from time to time, a need to obtain additional capital through the issuance of additional shares of common stock or other securities. There can be no assurance that such shares will be issued at prices or on terms better than or equal to historical prices or terms. The issuance of any additional shares of common stock by us in the future may result in a reduction of the book value or market price, if any, of the then-outstanding common stock. Issuance of additional shares of common stock will reduce the proportionate ownership and voting power of our existing shareholders. 
 The price of our common stock could be volatile. 
 The market price of our common stock may be volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in price in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. These factors include, among other things: variations in our quarterly results of operations; recommendations by securities analysts; performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to us; economic factors unrelated to our performance; general market conditions; and changes in government regulations. In addition, if the market for stocks in our industry, or the stock market in general, experiences a loss of investor confidence, the trading price of our common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, financial condition, or results of operations. If any of the foregoing occurs, it could cause our stock price to fall and may expose us to lawsuits that, even if unsuccessful, could be costly to defend and a distraction to management. 
 An investment in our common stock is not an insured deposit. 
 An investment in our common stock is not a bank deposit and, therefore, is not insured against loss by the FDIC. Investment in our common stock is inherently risky for the reasons described herein, and is subject to the same market forces that affect the price of common stock in any company. As a result, if you acquire our common stock, you could lose some or all of your investment. 
 Owning our stock will not give you the right to participate in any future offerings of our capital stock and your ownership could be diluted. 
 As a shareholder, you are not automatically entitled to purchase additional shares of common stock in future issuances of our common stock; therefore, you may not be able to maintain your current percentage of ownership in BayFirst. If we decide to issue additional shares of common stock or conduct an additional offering of stock, your ownership in BayFirst could be diluted and your potential share of future profits may be reduced. 
 Management has broad discretion concerning the use of our capital. 
 We use our capital to maintain liquidity and to continue to support the growth of the Bank. This growth may include the opening of branch offices, increasing the size and volume of loans, or other such activities that may require additional capital. Capital may also be used to service our outstanding debt. Our management may determine that it is in the best interest of the Company or the Bank to apply our capital in a manner that is inconsistent with a shareholder s wishes. Failure to use such funds effectively might harm your investment. 
 If equity research analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they do publish such reports but issue unfavorable commentary or downgrade our common stock, the price and trading volume of our common stock could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock could be affected by whether and to what extent equity research analysts publish research or reports about us and our business. We cannot predict at this time whether any research analysts will cover us and our common stock or whether they will publish research and reports on us. The price of our stock could decline if one or more securities analysts downgrade our stock or if those analysts issue other unfavorable commentary or cease 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 publishing reports about us. If any of the analysts who elect to cover us downgrade their recommendation with respect to our common stock, our stock price could decline rapidly. If any of these analysts ceases coverage of us, we could lose visibility in the market, which in turn could cause our common stock price or trading volume to decline and our common stock to be less liquid. 
 Our Board of Directors owns a significant percentage of our shares and will be able to make decisions to which you may be opposed. 
 As of December 31, 2022, BayFirst s directors and named executive officers as a group owned approximately 14.98 of our outstanding common stock. In addition, the directors and named executive officers have stock options to acquire shares of common stock, which, if fully exercised within sixty days of December 31, 2022, would have resulted in them owning approximately 19.41 of our outstanding common stock. Our directors and executive officers are expected to exert a significant influence on the election of Board members and on the direction of the Company. This influence could negatively affect the price of our shares or be inconsistent with other shareholders desires. 
 We have outstanding preferred stock and our Board may authorize the issuance of additional series of preferred stock. 
 We have 1,000,000 shares of authorized preferred stock, no par value. Of those, 10,000 shares have been designated as Series A Preferred Stock, of which 6,395 shares were outstanding as of December 31, 2022, with a 1,000 liquidation preference and a 9 (subject to increase to 11 if we have not redeemed the shares by the tenth anniversary of their issuance in 2019) per annum quarterly dividend. We also have 20,000 authorized shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, of which 3,210 shares were outstanding as of December 31, 2022, with a 1,000 liquidation preference and an 8 per annum dividend (subject to increase to 9 if we have not redeemed the shares by the tenth anniversary of their issuance in 2020 and 2021), which is otherwise on a parity with our Series A Preferred Stock as to priority of dividends and liquidation preference. Additionally, our Articles of Incorporation provide that our Board of Directors may authorize additional series of preferred stock without shareholder approval. Accordingly, the issuance of new shares of preferred stock may adversely affect the rights of the holders of shares of our common stock. 
 BayFirst has outstanding debt and either BayFirst or the Bank may incur additional debt. 
 BayFirst has outstanding debt and either BayFirst or the Bank may incur additional debt. At December 31, 2022, BayFirst had a 2.84 million term loan and 5.99 million in subordinated debt. BayFirst s obligation to make payments on its debt will reduce the amount of cash available to BayFirst to pay dividends on its common stock. Either or both of BayFirst or the Bank may issue additional debt. Payments due on such debt will further reduce the amount of money available to BayFirst to pay dividends on its common stock. 
 We are restricted by law and government policy in our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders. 
 Holders of shares of our capital stock are only entitled to receive such dividends as our Board may declare out of funds legally available for such payments. Although we have recently declared cash dividends on our common stock, we are not required to do so and may reduce or eliminate our common stock dividend in the future. This could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Furthermore, the terms of our subordinated debt and the preferred stock will prohibit us from declaring or paying any dividends on any junior series of our capital stock, including our common stock, or from repurchasing, redeeming or acquiring such junior stock, unless we have declared and paid full dividends on our outstanding preferred stock for the most recently completed dividend period. The holders of our outstanding Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive quarterly cash dividends at 9 per annum (subject to increase to 11 if we have not redeemed the shares by the tenth anniversary of their issuance in 2019) and the holders of our Series B Convertible Preferred Stock are entitled to receive quarterly cash dividends at 8 per annum (subject to increase to 9 if we have not redeemed the shares by the tenth anniversary of their issuance in 2020 and 2021). Additionally, our Articles of Incorporation provide that our Board of Directors may authorize and issue additional series of preferred stock without shareholder approval. Any preferred shares issued in the future may further restrict our ability to declare or pay dividends on any junior stock, including the common stock. 
 We are also subject to state and federal statutory and regulatory limitations on our ability to pay dividends on our capital stock. For example, it is the policy of the Federal Reserve that bank holding companies should generally pay dividends on common stock only out of earnings, and only if prospective earnings retention is consistent with the organization s expected future needs, asset quality and financial condition. Moreover, the Federal Reserve will closely scrutinize any dividend payout ratio exceeding 30 of after-tax net income. You should not purchase common stock if you will need or expect an investment that pays dividends. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 We are an emerging growth company, and the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies may make our common stock less attractive to investors. 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act, and we intend to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to public companies that are not emerging growth companies. These include not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We may take advantage of these exemptions until we are no longer an emerging growth company, which could be as long as five full fiscal years following the initial listing of our common stock on Nasdaq. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and the price of our common stock may be more volatile. 
 Further, the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have not opted out of such extended transition period. This means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public business entities or non-public business entities we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time non-public entities do so. This may make our financial statements not comparable with those of public companies which are neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 
 We are a smaller reporting company and are exempt from certain disclosure requirements, which could make our common stock less attractive to potential investors. 
 We are a smaller reporting company, as defined under the Exchange Act, and may continue to be so after we no longer qualify as an emerging growth company. As a smaller reporting company, we will: (i) not be required and may not include a Compensation Discussion and Analysis section in our proxy statements, (ii) provide only two years of financial statements; and (iii) not need to provide a table of selected financial data. We also will have other scaled disclosure requirements that are less comprehensive than issuers that are not smaller reporting companies which could make our common stock less attractive to potential investors. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and the price of our common stock may be more volatile. 
 Certain provisions of Florida and federal law may discourage or prevent a takeover of BayFirst and result in a lower market price for our common stock. 
 Florida and federal law contain anti-takeover provisions that apply to us. These provisions could discourage potential buyers from seeking to acquire us in the future, even if the proposed transaction would allow shareholders to realize a premium for their shares and even if a majority of our shareholders wish to participate in such a transaction. As a result, these provisions could also adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 Our fractional shares may be difficult to sell and you may be required to indefinitely hold a fractional share. 
 We have issued, and may continue to issue, fractional shares of our common stock. Although the owner of a fractional share will have all the rights of a shareholder, it may be difficult to sell a fractional share of BayFirst common stock. Established trading markets and exchanges, such as Nasdaq, do not permit the trading of fractional shares. Certain brokers do facilitate the trading of fractional shares, but we can offer no assurances as to whether any specific broker does. If you want to sell a fractional share and cannot identify a broker to facilitate such a trade, you will have to hold that fractional share until you identify a private buyer for it. If you cannot locate a private buyer, you will have to hold that fractional share indefinitely . 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Properties 
 The following table contains information concerning the current and intended locations of the Bank s full-service banking centers. The Bank also operates 1 loan production office located in Sarasota. 
 Location Use Own or Lease Year First Operated 700 Central Avenue 
 St. Petersburg, FL 33701 
 Corporate and 
 Bank Headquarters 
 Lease 2017 9190 Seminole Boulevard 
 Seminole, FL 33772 
 Banking Center Own 1999 5250 Park Boulevard 
 Pinellas Park, FL 33781 
 Banking Center Own 2006 2520 Countryside Boulevard 
 Clearwater, FL 33763 
 Banking Center Own 2018 2033 Main Street, Suite 101 
 Sarasota, FL 34237 
 Banking Center Lease 2018 3015 West Columbus Drive 
 Tampa, FL 33607 
 Banking Center Own 2020 401 N. Indian Rocks Road 
 Belleair Bluffs, FL 33770 
 Banking Center Own 2021 2102 59th Street West 
 Bradenton, FL 34209 
 Banking Center Own 2022 16002 N. Dale Mabry Highway 
 Tampa, FL 33618 
 Banking Center Own 2023 1782 Dr. Martin Luther King Way 
 Sarasota, FL 34240 
 Loan Production Office Own 2021 
 In addition, the Bank acquired the following properties to be used as full-service banking centers. 
 Location Ownership Status Year Acquired 2075 S. Tamiami Trail 
 Sarasota, FL 34239 
 Own 2019 5600 Bee Ridge Road 
 Sarasota, FL 34233 
 Own 2021 8704 SR 70 East 
 Bradenton, FL 34202 
 Own 2021 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 In the normal course of business, the Company is named or threatened to be named as a defendant in various lawsuits, none of which they expect to have a material effect on the Company. However, given the nature, scope and complexity of the extensive legal and regulatory landscape applicable to its business (including laws and regulations governing consumer protection, fair lending, fair labor, privacy, information security, anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism), the Company, like all banking organizations, is subject to heightened legal and regulatory compliance and litigation risk. There are no material pending legal proceedings, other than ordinary routine litigation incidental to the business, to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party or to which its property is the subject. 
 
 It em 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Part II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 The common stock began trading on the Nasdaq under the symbol BAFN on November 30, 2021. Prior to that, the common stock was traded on the OTC Markets Group Inc. (OTCQX) under the symbol FHBI . 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Share Buyback Program. On January 26, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program for the repurchase of up to 100,000 per calendar quarter of the company s issued and outstanding common stock. On November 30, 2021, the Board of Directors approved the amendment to its stock repurchase program to allow the Company to repurchase up to 450,000 of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock per quarter. The changes to the program were implemented immediately and continued until December 31, 2022. All common shares repurchased in the program have been retired and are now held as unissued shares available for use and reissuance for purposes as and when determined by the Board. 
 The following table sets forth information regarding the Company s repurchase of shares of its outstanding common stock during the three months ended December 31, 2022. 
 Period Number of Shares 
 Average Price Paid Per Share Cumulative Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs October 1-31, 2022 911,472 November 1-30, 2022 911,472 December 1-31, 2022 911,472 Total 
 Under applicable state law, Florida corporations are not permitted to retain treasury stock. As such, the price paid for the repurchased shares reduces the amount of common stock on the consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2022, total shares repurchased for 88,528 had been redeemed since the program was implemented. The repurchased shares remain authorized, unissued shares. 
 
 Item 6. {Reserved} 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion is an analysis of the results of operations for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 and financial condition as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes. 
 In addition to the historical information contained herein, this Form 10-K includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of such term in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are subject to many risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, global military hostilities, or climate changes, including its effects on the economic environment, its customers and its operations, as well as any changes to federal, state or local government laws, regulations or orders in connection with them; the ability of the Company to implement its strategy and expand its banking operations; changes in interest rates and other general economic, business and political conditions, including changes in the financial markets or global military hostilities; changes in business plans as circumstances warrant; risks related to mergers and acquisitions; changes in benchmark interest rates used to price loans and deposits, changes in tax laws, regulations and guidance; and other risks detailed from time to time in filings made by the Company with the SEC. Readers should note that the forward-looking statements included herein are not a guarantee of future events, and that actual events may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements. 
 Forward-looking statements generally can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as "will," "propose," "may," "plan," "seek," "expect," "intend," "estimate," "anticipate," "believe," "continue," or similar terminology. Any forward-looking statements presented herein are made only as of the date of this document, and the Company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect changes in assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events, or otherwise. 
 
 Selected Financial Data - Unaudited As of and for the Three Months Ended As of and for the Year Ended 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 12/31/2022 9/30/2022 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 12/31/2021 Income Statement Data: Net interest income 8,574 9,170 5,745 30,000 36,526 Provision for loan losses 700 750 (2,500) (700) (3,500) Noninterest income 8,404 9,804 5,597 31,550 21,973 Noninterest expense 13,493 14,158 13,262 55,212 50,279 Income tax expense (benefit) 672 983 (276) 1,560 2,691 Net income from continuing operations 2,113 3,083 856 5,478 9,029 Net (loss) income from discontinued operations (791) (4,485) 1,955 (5,827) 15,589 Net income (loss) 1,322 (1,402) 2,811 (349) 24,618 Preferred stock dividends 208 208 208 832 1,005 Net income available to (loss attributable to) common shareholders 1,114 (1,610) 2,603 (1,181) 23,613 Balance Sheet Data: Average loans held for investment, excluding PPP loans 703,193 663,716 518,697 608,563 421,936 Average total assets 925,194 939,847 923,485 904,546 1,294,287 Average common shareholders equity 80,158 83,014 83,056 82,589 72,955 Total loans held for investment 728,652 680,805 583,948 728,652 583,948 Total loans held for investment, excluding PPP loans 709,479 658,669 504,525 709,479 504,525 Total loans held for investment, excluding government guaranteed loan balances 569,892 520,408 332,977 569,892 332,977 Allowance for loan losses 9,046 9,739 13,452 9,046 13,452 Total assets 938,895 930,275 917,095 938,895 917,095 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 As of and for the Three Months Ended As of and for the Year Ended 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 12/31/2022 9/30/2022 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 12/31/2021 Common shareholders equity 82,279 81,032 86,685 82,279 86,685 Per Share Data: Basic earnings (loss) per common share 0.28 (0.40) 0.66 (0.29) 6.21 Diluted earnings (loss) per common share 0.28 (0.37) 0.62 (0.22) 5.91 Dividends per common share 0.080 0.080 0.070 0.320 0.277 Book value per common share 20.35 20.10 21.77 20.35 21.77 Tangible book value per common share (1) 
 20.35 20.10 21.75 20.35 21.75 Performance Ratios: Return on average assets 0.57 (0.60) 1.22 (0.04) 1.90 Return on average common equity 5.56 (7.76) 12.54 (1.43) 32.37 Net interest margin 4.19 4.63 3.07 3.97 3.23 Dividend payout ratio 28.99 (20.02) 10.65 (108.95) 4.46 Asset Quality Data: Net charge-offs 1,393 575 664 3,706 4,210 Net charge-offs/average loans held for investment excluding PPP 0.79 0.35 0.51 0.61 1.00 Nonperforming loans 10,468 10,267 11,909 10,468 11,909 Nonperforming loans (excluding government guaranteed balance) 3,671 4,015 3,967 3,671 3,967 Nonperforming loans/total loans held for investment 1.44 1.51 2.04 1.44 2.04 Nonperforming loans (excluding gov t guaranteed balance)/total loans held for investment 0.50 0.59 0.68 0.50 0.68 ALLL/Total loans held for investment at amortized cost 1.29 1.48 2.34 1.29 2.34 ALLL/Total loans held for investment at amortized cost, excluding PPP loans 1.33 1.54 2.72 1.33 2.72 Other Data: Full-time equivalent employees 
 291 524 637 291 637 Banking centers 8 8 7 8 7 Loan production offices (2) 
 1 20 17 1 17 (1) See section entitled "GAAP Reconciliation and Management Explanation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures" below for a reconciliation to most comparable GAAP equivalent. 
 (2) All out of market nationwide residential loan production offices have been closed. 

GAAP Reconciliation and Management Explanation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Some of the financial measures included in this report are not measures of financial condition or performance recognized by GAAP. These non-GAAP financial measures include tangible common shareholders' equity and tangible book value per common share. The management team uses these non-GAAP financial measures in its analysis of its performance, and they believe that providing this information to financial analysts and investors allows them to evaluate capital adequacy. 
 The following presents these non-GAAP financial measures along with their most directly comparable financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP: 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Tangible Common Shareholders' Equity and Tangible Book Value Per Common Share As of (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) December 31, 2022 September 30, 2022 December 31, 2021 (Unaudited) (Unaudited) (Unaudited) Total shareholders equity 91,884 90,637 96,290 Less: Preferred stock liquidation preference (9,605) (9,605) (9,605) Total equity available to common shareholders 82,279 81,032 86,685 Less: Goodwill (100) Tangible common shareholders' equity 82,279 81,032 86,585 Common shares outstanding 4,042,474 4,031,937 3,981,117 Tangible book value per common share 20.35 20.10 21.75 
 
 Application of Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires the Company to make estimates and judgments that affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. The Company bases those estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under current circumstances, results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of certain assets and liabilities that are not readily available from other sources. Estimates are evaluated on an ongoing basis. Actual results may differ from these estimates. 
 Accounting policies, as described in detail in the notes to the Company s consolidated financial statements, are an integral part of the Company s consolidated financial statements. A thorough understanding of these accounting policies is essential when reviewing the Company s reported results of operations and financial position. Management believes that the critical accounting policies and estimates listed below require the Company to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain. At December 31, 2022, the most critical of these significant accounting policies in understanding the estimates and assumptions involved in preparing the consolidated financial statements were the policies related to the allowance for loan losses, and fair value measurement of investment securities, SBA servicing rights and SBA loans held for investment at fair value, which are discussed more fully below. 
 Allowance for Loan Losses 
 The allowance for loan losses is calculated with the objective of maintaining a reserve sufficient to absorb estimated losses. Management's determination of the appropriateness of the allowance is based on periodic evaluations of the loan portfolio, lending-related commitments, and other relevant factors. This evaluation is inherently subjective as it requires numerous estimates, including the loss content for internal risk ratings, collateral values, and the amounts and timing of expected future cash flows. In addition, management may include qualitative adjustments intended to capture the impact of other uncertainties in the lending environment such as underwriting standards, current economic and political conditions, and other factors affecting the credit quality. Changes to one or more of the estimates used could result in a different estimated allowance for loan losses. 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 Investments and certain SBA loans are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Additionally, from time to time, other assets and liabilities may be recorded at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, such as impaired loans, other real estate, SBA servicing rights, and certain other assets and liabilities. Fair value is an estimate of the exchange price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction (i.e., not a forced transaction, such as a liquidation or distressed sale) between market participants at the measurement date and is based on the assumptions market participants would use when pricing an asset or liability. Fair value measurement and disclosure guidance establishes a three-level hierarchy for disclosure of assets and liabilities recorded at fair value. Valuations generated from model-based techniques that use at least one significant assumption not observable in the market are considered Level 3 and reflect estimates of assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in these estimates that are likely to occur from period to period, or the use of different estimates that the Company could have reasonably used in the current period, could have a material impact on the Company s financial position or results of operation. 
 Further, the Company is an emerging growth company. The JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected to take advantage of this extended transition period. This means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies do so. This may make the Company s financial statements not comparable with those of public companies which are neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 
 
 Overview 
 The following discussion and analysis presents the financial condition and results of operations on a consolidated basis. However, because the Company conducts all of its material business operations through the Bank, the discussion and analysis relates to activities primarily conducted at the subsidiary level. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements. 
 As a one-bank holding company, the Company generates most of its revenue from interest on loans and gain-on-sale income derived from the sale of loans into the secondary market. The primary source of funding for its loans is deposits. The Company is dependent on noninterest income, which is derived primarily from net gain on the sales of the guaranteed portion of government guaranteed loans. The largest expenses are interest on those deposits and borrowings, professional fees, and salaries and commissions plus related employee benefits. The Company measures its performance through its net interest income after provision for loan losses, return on average assets, and return on average common equity, while maintaining appropriate regulatory leverage and risk-based capital ratios. 
 
 Recent Developments 
 First Quarter Common Stock Dividend. On January 24, 2023, BayFirst s Board of Directors declared a first quarter 2023 cash dividend of 0.08 per common share, payable March 15, 2023 to common shareholders of record as of March 1, 2023. This dividend marks the 27 th consecutive quarterly cash dividend paid since BayFirst initiated cash dividends in 2016. 
 First Quarter Preferred Series A Stock Dividend. BayFirst s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 22.50 on the Series A Preferred Stock. The dividend will be payable April 3, 2023 to shareholders of record as of January 16, 2023. The amount and timing of the dividend is in accordance with the terms of the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 First Quarter Preferred Series B Stock Dividend. BayFirst s Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 20.00 on the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. The dividend will be payable April 3, 2023 to shareholders of record as of January 16, 2023. The amount and timing of the dividend is in accordance with the terms of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. 
 Management Succession . On February 6, 2023, BayFirst Financial Corp. issued a press release announcing that Anthony N. Leo will retire as Chief Executive Officer at the end of 2023. Leo will remain a Director of the Company and will also serve as Special Counsel for strategic matters. The Board of Directors has appointed Thomas G. Zernick to succeed Leo as Chief Executive Officer on January 1, 2024. He was also appointed to serve as a Director of the Company. Zernick has served as President of the Company since February 2022, and previously served as President of its CreditBench Division, which provides government guaranteed lending to businesses throughout the nation. He joined the Company in 2016. 
 Stock Repurchase Program. On February 28, 2023, the Board of Directors approved the Company s 2023 Stock Repurchase Program Program ). The Program permits the Company to repurchase up to 1,000,000 of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock. The Program will continue until the earlier of: (i) the date an aggregate of 1,000,000 of common stock has been repurchased; (ii) December 31, 2023; or (iii) the termination of the plan by the Board of Directors. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 BayFirst s operating results depend on its net interest income, which is the difference between interest income on interest-earning assets and interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities, consisting primarily of deposits. Net interest income is determined by the difference between yields earned on interest-earning assets and rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities interest rate spread and the relative amounts of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. The interest rate spread is affected by regulatory, economic, and competitive factors which influence interest rates, loan demand, and deposit flows. In addition, its operating results can be affected by the level of nonperforming assets, as well as the level of the noninterest income and the noninterest expenses, such as salaries and employee benefits, and occupancy and equipment costs, as well as income taxes. 
 The Company is dependent on noninterest income, which is derived primarily from net gain on the sales of the guaranteed portion of government guaranteed loans, as well as fair value adjustments for certain loans which management has elected the fair value option. While the Company retains some of its government guaranteed loans on the balance sheet, we may sell both the guaranteed balance of its government guaranteed loans, as well as a percentage of the unguaranteed portions of such loans. The sale of the guaranteed portions of the loans generates noninterest income. 
 In the second quarter of 2022, the Bank discontinued its primary consumer direct residential mortgage business line. In the third quarter of 2022, management decided to discontinue the nationwide residential lending business. As a result of the discontinuance, the nationwide residential line of business was reclassified as a discontinued operation and reported in the financial statements as such. 
 
 Net Income (Loss) 
 
 The Company had net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 349 thousand or 0.22 per diluted common share, compared to net income for the year ended December 31, 2021 of 24.6 million or 5.91 per diluted common share. The decrease of 25.0 million from the previous year was primarily due to a decrease of 21.4 million in net income from mortgage banking activity which is a discontinued operation. Additionally, there was a 13.8 million gain on sale of PPP loans in 2021 which did not recur, noninterest expense on continuing operations increased 4.9 million, and PPP fee and interest income decreased 18.3 million. These items were partially offset by an 11.6 million increase in non-PPP loan interest and fee income, a 4.6 million increase in fair value gains related to held for investment SBA loans, and higher gains of 17.5 million on non-PPP SBA loan sales. The decrease in net income from discontinued operations was primarily the result of a decrease in gain on sale of residential mortgage loans of 64.2 million and the recognition of restructuring charges of 4.3 million for the discontinuation of the nationwide residential mortgage division, partially offset by lower noninterest expense of 41.0 million. 
 
 Net Interest Income 
 
 Net interest income from continuing operations was 30.0 million for the year ended 2022, a decrease of 6.5 million or 17.9 from 36.5 million for the year ended 2021. The decrease was mainly due to a decline in net PPP loan interest income of 18.3 million, partially offset by higher interest income on non-PPP loans of 11.6 million. 
 Net interest margin including discontinued operations improved to 3.97 for the year ended 2022, compared to 3.23 for the year ended 2021. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Average Balance Sheet and Analysis of Net Interest Income 
 The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, information regarding: (i) the total dollar amount of interest and dividend income of BayFirst from interest-earning assets and the resultant average yields; (ii) the total dollar amount of interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities and the resultant average cost; (iii) net interest income; (iv) interest rate spread; (v) net interest margin; and (vi) ratio of average interest-earning assets to average interest-bearing liabilities. Loans in nonaccrual status, for the purposes of the following computations, are included in the average loan balances. FRB, FHLB, and FNBB restricted equity holdings are included in other interest-earning assets. The Company did not have a significant amount of tax-exempt assets. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Average Balance Interest Yield Average Balance Interest Yield Interest earning-assets: 
 Investment securities 
 43,768 1,065 2.43 17,404 199 1.14 Loans, excluding PPP (1) (2) 
 667,088 38,280 5.74 545,889 27,681 5.07 PPP loans 
 39,959 959 2.40 537,710 19,292 3.59 Other 
 73,867 1,009 1.37 145,654 371 0.25 Total interest-earning assets 
 824,682 41,313 5.01 1,246,657 47,543 3.81 Noninterest-earning assets 
 79,864 47,630 Total assets 
 904,546 1,294,287 Interest-bearing liabilities: 
 NOW, MMDA and savings 
 602,491 6,175 1.02 501,701 4,032 0.80 Time deposits 
 72,603 1,669 2.30 74,749 853 1.14 PPPLF advances 
 5,667 20 0.35 510,911 1,791 0.35 Other borrowings 
 22,708 702 3.09 28,359 624 2.20 Total interest-bearing liabilities 
 703,469 8,566 1.22 1,115,720 7,300 0.65 Demand deposits 
 101,193 85,542 Noninterest-bearing liabilities 
 7,690 8,088 Shareholders equity 
 92,194 84,937 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 904,546 1,294,287 Net interest income 
 32,747 40,243 Interest rate spread 
 3.79 3.16 Net interest margin (3) 
 3.97 3.23 Ratio of average interest-earning assets to average interest-bearing liabilities 
 117.23 111.74 (1) Includes nonaccrual loans. 
 (2) Includes 58,525 at an average yield of 4.69 and 123,953 at an average yield of 3.00 of residential loans held for sale from discontinued operations as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 (3) Net interest margin represents net interest income divided by average total interest-earning assets. 

Rate/Volume Analysis 
 The table below presents the effects of volume and rate changes on interest income and expense for the periods indicated. Changes in volume are changes in the average balance multiplied by the previous period s average rate. Changes in rate are changes in the average rate multiplied by the average balance from the previous period. The net changes attributable to the 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 combined impact of both rate and volume have been allocated proportionately to the changes due to volume and the changes due to rate. Loans in nonaccrual status, for the purpose of the following computations, are included in the average loan balances. FRB, FHLB, and FNBB restricted equity holdings are included in other interest-earning assets. The Company did not have a significant amount of tax-exempt assets. 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) Rate Volume Total Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs. December 31, 2021: 
 Interest-earning assets: 
 Investment securities 370 496 866 Loans, excluding PPP (1) 
 3,945 6,654 10,599 PPP loans 
 (4,830) (13,503) (18,333) Other interest-earning assets 
 902 (264) 638 Total interest-earning assets 
 387 (6,617) (6,230) Interest-bearing liabilities: 
 NOW, MMDA, and savings 
 1,239 904 2,143 Time deposits 
 841 (25) 816 PPPLF advances 
 (1,771) (1,771) Other borrowings 
 219 (141) 78 Total interest-bearing liabilities 
 2,299 (1,033) 1,266 Net change in net interest income 
 (1,912) (5,584) (7,496) (1) Includes 2,747 and 3,717 of interest income on residential loans held for sale from discontinued operations as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Provision for Loan Losses 
 The provision for loan losses is charged to operations to increase the total allowance to a level deemed appropriate by management and is based upon the volume and type of lending the Bank conducts, industry standards, the amount of nonperforming loans, general economic conditions, particularly as they relate to its market area, and other factors that may affect the ability to collect on the loans in its portfolio. 
 
 As the financial impact of the COVID-19 pandemic became more predictable throughout 2021 and 2022, the Company began adjusting downward its allowance for loan losses from the historic high levels reached in 2020 at the onset of the pandemic. T he Company recorded a negative provision for loan losses for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 700 thousand compared to a 3.5 million negative provision for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 2.8 million in the provision for loan losses expense was primarily due to the loan growth. During the year ended December 31, 2022, net loan charge offs totaled 3.7 million compared to 4.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 The ALLL was 9.0 million at December 31, 2022 and 13.5 million at December 31, 2021. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Noninterest Income 
 The following table presents noninterest income from continuing operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
 (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Noninterest income: 
 Loan servicing income, net 
 2,040 1,864 Gain on sale of government guaranteed loans, net 21,720 18,024 Service charges and fees 
 1,306 1,027 SBA loan fair value gain 
 4,756 184 Other noninterest income 
 1,728 874 Total noninterest income 
 31,550 21,973 
 
 Noninterest income from continuing operations was 31.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 9.6 million or 43.6 from 22.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to higher gains on the sale of non-PPP SBA loans of 17.5 million and an increase related to held for investment SBA loan fair value gains of 4.6 million, partially offset by the 13.8 million gain on sale of PPP loans in 2021 which did not recur. 
 
 Noninterest Expense 
 The following table presents noninterest expense from continuing operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
 (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Noninterest expense: 
 Salaries and benefits 
 27,422 24,879 Bonus, commissions, and incentives 
 2,394 3,216 Occupancy and equipment 
 3,995 3,214 Data processing 
 4,828 5,288 Marketing and business development 
 2,660 2,698 Professional services 
 4,083 3,907 Loan origination and collection 
 3,711 2,452 Employee recruiting and development 
 2,230 1,714 Regulatory assessments 
 457 442 Director compensation 686 323 Liability and fidelity bond insurance 463 340 ATM and interchange 381 312 Telecommunication 367 250 Other noninterest expense 
 1,535 1,244 Total noninterest expense 
 55,212 50,279 
 
 Noninterest expense was 55.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 4.9 million or 9.8 from 50.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to higher salaries and benefits, occupancy expense, and loan origination and collection expense. 
 
 Discontinued Operations 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Net loss from discontinued operations was 5.8 million for the year 2022, which was a 21.4 million reduction from net income of 15.6 million for the year ended 2021. The reduction in net income was primarily the result of a decrease in residential loan fee income of 64.2 million and the restructuring charges for the discontinuation of residential mortgage division of 4.3 million recognized in 2022. This was partially offset by a 41.0 million decrease in noninterest expense excluding the restructuring charge and a decrease in income tax expense of 7.1 million. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 Income tax expense from continuing operations was 1.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease of 1.1 million from income tax expense of 2.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily due to the decrease in pre-tax earnings from continuing operations. Income tax benefit from discontinued operations was 1.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, a change of 7.1 million from income tax expense of 5.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The change was primarily due to the decrease in pre-tax earnings from discontinued operations. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had 2.2 million of federal net operating loss carryforward and 362 thousand of state net operating loss carryforward. The net operating loss carryforwards do not expire. At December 31, 2021, the Company did not have any net operating loss carryforward. 
 The effective income tax rate was 51.60 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 24.20 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Financial Condition 
 
 Investment Securities 
 The following table presents the fair value of the Company's investment securities portfolio classified as available for sale as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 (Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Investment securities available for sale: Asset-backed securities 
 9,605 7,535 Mortgage-backed securities: 
 U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises 
 3,440 4,394 Collateralized mortgage obligations: 
 U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises 
 18,220 18,964 Corporate bonds 
 11,084 Total investment securities available for sale 
 42,349 30,893 
 The following table presents the fair value of the Company's investment securities portfolio classified as held to maturity as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 (Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Investment securities held to maturity: Mortgage-backed securities: 
 U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises 
 2 2 Corporate bonds 
 4,753 Total investment securities held to maturity 
 4,755 2 
 No investment securities were pledged as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021, and there were no sales of investment securities during the year ended December 31, 2022 or the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 During the second quarter of 2022, the Company transferred a 1.5 million previously designated available for sale investment security to a held to maturity designation at estimated fair value. The reclassification was permitted as the Company has appropriately determined the ability and intent to hold the investment security as an investment until maturity 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 or call. The investment security had no unrealized net gain or loss at the time of transfer since it was purchased near the end of the first quarter of 2022. 
 The investment securities available for sale presented in the following tables are reported at amortized cost and by contractual maturity as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Actual timing may differ from contractual maturities if borrowers have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. Additionally, residential mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations receive monthly principal payments, which are not reflected below. 
 December 31, 2022 One year or less One to five years Five to ten years After ten years (Dollars in thousands) Amortized Cost Average Yield Amortized Cost Average Yield Amortized Cost Average Yield Amortized Cost Average Yield Asset-backed securities 
 9,873 5.40 Mortgage-backed securities: 
 U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises 
 4,133 1.55 Collateralized mortgage obligations: 
 U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises 22,031 1.89 Corporate bonds 
 9,981 3.70 1,356 4.34 Total investment securities available for sale 
 9,981 3.70 1,356 4.34 36,037 2.81 
 December 31, 2021 One year or less One to five years Five to ten years After ten years (Dollars in thousands) Amortized Cost Average Yield Amortized Cost Average Yield Amortized Cost Average Yield Amortized Cost Average Yield Asset-backed securities 
 7,624 0.90 Mortgage-backed securities: 
 U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises 
 4,470 1.32 Collateralized mortgage obligations: 
 U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises 19,370 1.31 Total investment securities available for sale 
 31,464 1.21 
 The investment securities held to maturity presented in the following tables are reported at amortized cost and by contractual maturity as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. Actual timing may differ from contractual maturities if borrowers have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. Additionally, residential mortgage-backed securities receive monthly principal payments, which are not reflected below. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 December 31, 2022 One year or less One to five years Five to ten years After ten years (Dollars in thousands) Amortized Cost Average Yield Amortized Cost Average Yield Amortized Cost Average Yield Amortized Cost Average Yield Mortgage-backed securities: 
 U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises 
 2 2.65 Corporate bonds 
 4,000 5.79 1,000 4.38 Total investment securities held to maturity 
 4,000 5.79 1,000 4.38 2 0.74 
 December 31, 2021 One year or less One to five years Five to ten years After ten years (Dollars in thousands) Amortized Cost Average Yield Amortized Cost Average Yield Amortized Cost Average Yield Amortized Cost Average Yield Mortgage-backed securities: 
 U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises 
 2 0.80 Total investment securities held to maturity 
 2 0.80 
 
 Loan Portfolio Composition 
 Through the efforts of the management team and loan officers, strong loan production resulted from its ability to take advantage of the economic recovery and consolidation in its markets. Senior management and loan officers have continued to develop new sources of loan referrals, particularly among centers of local influence and real estate professionals, and have also enjoyed repeat business from loyal customers in the markets the Bank serves. The Bank has no concentration of credit in any industry that represents 10 or more of its loan portfolio. The following table sets forth the composition of its loan portfolio, including LHFS as of the dates indicated. 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Amount of Total Amount of Total Residential loans held for sale from discontinued operations 
 449 114,131 Government guaranteed loans, held for sale 
 1,460 SBA loans held for investment, at fair value 27,078 9,614 Loans held for investment, at amortized cost: 
 Residential real estate 
 202,329 29.1 87,235 15.3 Commercial real estate 
 231,281 33.3 163,477 28.7 Construction and land 
 9,320 1.3 18,632 3.3 Commercial and industrial 
 194,643 28.0 217,155 38.0 Commercial and industrial PPP 
 19,293 2.8 80,158 14.1 Consumer and other 
 37,288 5.5 3,581 0.6 Loans held for investment, at amortized cost, gross 
 694,154 100.0 570,238 100.0 Discount on SBA 7(a) loans sold (5,621) (3,866) Premium (discount) on loans purchased 
 2,301 (13) Deferred loan costs, net 
 10,740 7,975 Allowance for loan losses 
 (9,046) (13,452) Loans held for investment, at amortized cost, net 
 692,528 560,882 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 In general, construction loans are originated as construction-to-permanent loans. Third party take-out financing, where applicable, is typically in the form of permanent first mortgage conforming loans. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Bank originated approximately 254.9 million in loans through conventional lending channels, 386.0 million in loans through CreditBench (its SBA lending function), and 946.1 million through the Residential Mortgage Lending Division. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Bank originated approximately 94.9 million in loans through conventional lending channels, 169.5 million through CreditBench, exclusive of PPP loans, 329.3 million of PPP loans, and 2.22 billion through the Residential Mortgage Lending Division. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold guaranteed balances of SBA loans of 311.8 million. Additionally, the Company purchased 16.6 million of government guaranteed loans and 37.2 million of consumer loans. 
 
 Loan Maturity/Rate Sensitivity 
 The following table shows the contractual maturities of our loans at December 31, 2022. Loan balances in this table include loans held for investment at fair value, loans held for investment at amortized cost, discount on retained balances of loans sold, premium and discount on loans purchased, and deferred loan costs, net. 
 (Dollars in thousands) Due in One Year or Less Due After One Year to Five Years Due After Five Years to 15 Years Due After 15 Years Total Real estate: 
 Residential 
 3,761 1,984 13,337 184,356 203,438 Commercial 
 7,110 1,909 29,062 200,796 238,877 Construction and land 
 2,329 260 92 6,638 9,319 Commercial and industrial 
 11,564 16,750 184,369 7,577 220,260 Commercial and industrial - PPP 
 1,471 17,701 19,172 Consumer and other 
 2,057 27,810 7,719 37,586 Total loans held for investment 
 28,292 66,414 234,579 399,367 728,652 
 The following table shows the loans with contractual maturities of greater than one year that have fixed or adjustable interest rates at December 31, 2022. 
 (Dollars in thousands) Fixed 
 Interest Rate 
 Adjustable 
 Interest Rate 
 Real estate: 
 Residential 
 52,181 147,496 Commercial 
 6,534 225,233 Construction and land 
 6,990 Commercial and industrial 
 21,070 187,626 Commercial and industrial - PPP 
 17,701 Consumer and other 
 5,313 30,216 Total loans held for investment 
 102,799 597,561 
 
 Credit Risk 
 The Bank s primary business is making commercial, consumer, and real estate loans. This activity inevitably has risks for potential loan losses, the magnitude of which depends on a variety of economic factors affecting borrowers, which are beyond its control. The Bank has developed policies and procedures for evaluating the overall quality of its credit portfolio and the timely identification of potential problem loans. Management s judgment as to the adequacy of the allowance is based upon a number of assumptions about the economic environment that it believes impacts credit quality as of the balance sheet date that it believes to be reasonable, but which may or may not prove accurate. Thus, there can be no assurance that charge-offs in future periods will not exceed the ALLL, or that additional increases in the ALLL will not be required. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Allowance for Loan Losses. The Bank must maintain an adequate ALLL based on a comprehensive methodology that assesses the probable losses inherent in its loan portfolio. The Bank maintains an ALLL based on a number of quantitative and qualitative factors, including levels and trends of past due and nonaccrual loans, asset classifications, loan grades, change in volume and mix of loans, collateral value, historical loss experience, size and complexity of individual credits, and economic conditions. Provisions for loan losses are provided on both a specific and general basis. Specific allowances are provided for impaired credits for which the expected/anticipated loss is measurable. General valuation allowances are determined by a portfolio segmentation based on collateral type with a further evaluation of various quantitative and qualitative factors noted above. 
 The Bank periodically reviews the assumptions and formulates methodologies by which changes are made to the specific and general valuation allowances for loan losses in an effort to refine such allowances in light of the current status of the factors described above. The methodology is presented to and approved by the Bank s Board of Directors. 
 All adversely classified loans are evaluated for impairment. If a loan is deemed impaired, it is evaluated for potential loss exposure. The evaluation occurs at the time the loan is classified and on a regular basis thereafter (at least quarterly). This evaluation is documented in a status report relating to a specific loan or relationship. Specific allocation of reserves on impaired loans considers the value of the collateral, the financial condition of the borrower, and industry and current economic trends. The Bank reviews the collateral value, cash flow, and tertiary support on each impaired credit. Any deficiency outlined by a real estate collateral evaluation analysis, or cash flow shortfall, is accounted for through a specific allocation for the loan. 
 For performing loans which are evaluated collectively, a portfolio segmentation based on loan type is performed. The government guaranteed loan balances are included in the collectively evaluated portfolio balances. The loss factors for each segment are calculated using actual loan loss history for each segment of loans over the most recent one to three years, depending on the segment and vintage year of the loans in the segment of government guaranteed loans. The Bank s actual loss experience is supplemented with other economic factors based on the risks present for each portfolio segment. 
 These economic factors include consideration of the following: levels of, and trends in delinquencies and impaired loans; levels of, and trends in charge-offs and recoveries; migration of loans to the classification of special mention, substandard, or doubtful; trends in volume and terms of loans; effects of any changes in risk selection and underwriting standards; other changes in lending policies, procedures, and practices; experience, ability, and depth of lending management and other relevant staff; national and local economic trends and conditions; industry conditions; and effects of changes in credit concentration. 
 While management believes its ALLL is adequate as of December 31, 2022, future adjustments to its allowance may be necessary if economic conditions differ substantially from the assumptions used in making the determination. 
 Nonperforming Assets. At December 31, 2022, we had 3.7 million in nonperforming assets, excluding government guaranteed loan balances, and its ALLL represented 1.29 of total loans held for investment at amortized cost. At December 31, 2021, we had 4.0 million in nonperforming assets, excluding government guaranteed loan balances, and its ALLL represented 2.34 of total loans held for investment at amortized cost. Total loans held for investment at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 included government guaranteed loans and loans measured at fair value, which had no reserves allocated to them. ALLL as a percentage of loans held for investment at amortized cost, not including government guaranteed loan balances, was 1.62 at December 31, 2022, compared to 4.07 at December 31, 2021. The decrease was the result of the reduction in qualitative factors which were elevated as a result of the uncertainty of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth certain information on nonaccrual loans and foreclosed assets, the ratio of such loans and foreclosed assets to total assets as of the dates indicated, and certain other related information. 
 (Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Nonperforming loans (government guaranteed balances) 
 6,797 7,942 Nonperforming loans (unguaranteed balances) 
 3,671 3,967 Total nonperforming loans 
 10,468 11,909 OREO 
 56 3 Total nonperforming assets 
 10,524 11,912 Nonperforming loans as a percentage of total loans held for investment 
 1.44 2.04 Nonperforming loans (excluding government guaranteed balances) to total loans held for investment 
 0.50 0.68 Nonperforming assets as a percentage of total assets 
 1.12 1.30 Nonperforming assets (excluding government guaranteed balances) to total assets 
 0.40 0.43 ALLL to nonperforming loans 
 86.42 112.96 ALLL to nonperforming loans (excluding government guaranteed balances) 
 246.42 339.10 
 The following table sets forth information with respect to activity in the ALLL for the periods shown: 
 (Dollars in thousands) At and for the Year Ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 Allowance at beginning of period 
 13,452 21,162 Charge-offs: 
 Commercial real estate 
 (42) (169) Commercial and industrial 
 (3,632) (4,919) Consumer and other 
 (669) (70) Total charge-offs 
 (4,343) (5,158) Recoveries: 
 Commercial real estate 
 80 78 Commercial and industrial 
 503 863 Consumer and other 
 54 7 Total recoveries 
 637 948 Net charge-offs 
 (3,706) (4,210) Provision for loan losses 
 (700) (3,500) Allowance at end of period 
 9,046 13,452 Net charge-offs to average loans held for investment 
 0.57 0.44 Allowance as a percent of total loans held for investment at amortized cost 
 1.29 2.34 Allowance as a percent of loans held for investment at amortized cost, not including government guaranteed loans 
 1.62 4.07 Allowance as a percent of nonperforming loans 
 86.42 112.96 Total loans held for investment 
 728,652 583,948 Average loans held for investment 
 648,522 959,646 Nonperforming loans (including government guaranteed balances) 
 10,468 11,909 Nonperforming loans (excluding government guaranteed balances) 
 3,671 3,967 Guaranteed balance of government guaranteed loans 
 158,760 250,971 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 The following table details net charge-offs to average loans outstanding by loan category for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Year Ended December 31, 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Net Charge-off/(Recovery) Average Loans HFI Net Charge-off/(Recovery) Ratio Net Charge-off/(Recovery) Average Loans HFI Net Charge-off/(Recovery) Ratio Residential real estate 
 120,287 62,110 Commercial real estate 
 (38) 250,592 (0.02) 91 176,506 0.05 Commercial and industrial 
 3,129 212,013 1.48 4,056 177,445 2.29 Commercial and industrial - PPP 
 39,959 537,710 Consumer and other 
 615 25,671 2.40 63 5,875 1.07 Total loans held for investment 
 3,706 648,522 0.57 4,210 959,646 0.44 
 
 The Bank recorded a negative provision of 700 thousand during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a negative provision of 3.5 million for the same period in 2021. During 2020 and the first quarter of 2021, the Bank increased the qualitative factors in the allowance for loan losses calculation to reflect the decline in economic indicators caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, resulting in significant provision expense in those periods. As asset quality has remained stable and as many of the Company s SBA loans were bolstered by additional government support, the current year decrease in the allowance is deemed appropriate. Since 2016, the Company s loan losses have been incurred primarily in its SBA unguaranteed loan portfolio, particularly loans originated under the SBA 7(a) Small Loan Program. The Small Loan Program represents loans of 350 thousand or less and such loans carry an SBA guarantee of 75 to 90 of the loan, depending on the original principal balance. The default rate on loans originated in the SBA 7(a) Small Loan Program is significantly higher than the Bank s other SBA 7(a) loans, conventional commercial loans, or residential mortgage loans. 
 Nonperforming assets to total assets, excluding government guaranteed loan balances, were 0.40 as of December 31, 2022, as compared to 0.43 as of December 31, 2021. Since the majority of the Company s loan portfolio consisted of SBA loans, most of which received from the SBA principal and interest payments under Section 1112 of the CARES Act during 2020 and 2021, asset quality trends may appear more favorable than they otherwise would without the SBA s support under the CARES Act. As of December 31, 2022, there were no loans under pa yment deferral as a result of COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 SBA and Other Government Guaranteed Loans 
 The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, information regarding the SBA and other government guaranteed lending activity, excluding PPP loans. 
 (Dollars in thousands) At and for the Year Ended December 31, 
 Government Guaranteed, Excluding PPP 2022 2021 Number of loans originated 
 1,364 374 Amount of loans originated 
 386,024 169,467 Average loan size originated 
 283 453 Government guaranteed loan balances sold 
 311,783 44,854 Government unguaranteed loan balances sold 
 13,803 5,034 Total government guaranteed loans 
 300,219 300,415 Government guaranteed loan balances 
 139,587 171,548 Government unguaranteed loan balances 
 160,632 128,867 Government guaranteed loans serviced for others 
 660,600 459,670 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 The Bank makes government guaranteed loans throughout the United States. The following table sets forth, at the dates indicated, information regarding the geographic disbursement of its SBA loan portfolio. The All Other category includes states with less than 5 in any period presented. 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (Dollars in thousands) Amount of Total Amount of Total Florida 
 91,760 31 89,143 30 California 
 35,365 12 32,924 11 Texas 
 22,378 7 20,976 7 Tennessee 19,598 7 2,629 1 All Other 
 131,118 43 154,743 51 Total government guaranteed loans, excluding PPP loans 
 300,219 100 300,415 100 
 
 Residential Mortgage Loans 
 The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, information regarding the residential mortgage lending activity from discontinued operations. 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
 (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Number of loans originated 
 2,779 7,265 Amount of loans originated 
 946,120 2,222,078 Average loan size originated 
 340 306 Loan balances sold 
 932,118 2,316,413 
 
 Deposits 
 General. In addition to deposits, sources of funds available for lending and for other purposes include loan repayments and proceeds from the sales of loans. Loan repayments are a relatively stable source of funds, while deposit inflows and outflows are influenced significantly by general interest rates and market conditions. Borrowings, as well as available lines of credit, may be used on a short-term basis to compensate for reductions in other sources, such as deposits at less than projected levels. 
 Deposits. Deposits are sourced principally from within its primary service area of Pinellas, Hillsborough, Manatee, Pasco, and Sarasota Counties, Florida. The Bank offers a wide selection of deposit instruments including demand deposit accounts, NOW accounts, money-market accounts, regular savings accounts, certificate of deposit accounts, and retirement savings plans (such as IRA accounts). 
 Certificate of deposit rates are set to encourage longer maturities as cost and market conditions will allow. Deposit account terms vary, with the primary differences being the minimum balance required, the time period the funds must remain on deposit and the interest rate. The Bank emphasizes commercial banking relationships in an effort to increase demand deposits as a percentage of total deposits. Deposit interest rates are set by management at least monthly or more often if conditions require it, based on a review of loan demand, recent cash flows and a survey of rates among competitors. 
 Brokered deposits . At times, the Bank has brokered time deposit and non-maturity deposit relationships available to diversify its funding sources. Brokered deposits offer several benefits relative to other funding sources, such as: maturity structures which cannot be duplicated in the current retail market, deposit gathering outside the market of the existing deposit base, the unsecured nature of these liabilities, and the ability to quickly generate funds. The Bank s internal policy limits the use of brokered deposits as a funding source to no more than 15 of total assets. The Company's ability to accept 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 or renew brokered deposits is contingent upon the Bank maintaining a capital level of "well capitalized." At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had 746 thousand and 759 thousand, respectively, of brokered deposits. 
 The amount of each of the following categories of deposits, at the dates indicated, are as follows: 
 (Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Noninterest-bearing deposits 
 93,235 11.8 83,638 11.6 Interest-bearing transaction accounts 
 202,656 25.5 163,495 22.7 Money market accounts 
 345,200 43.4 408,257 56.5 Savings 
 17,853 2.2 15,607 2.2 Subtotal 
 658,944 82.9 670,997 93.0 Total time deposits 
 136,126 17.1 50,688 7.0 Total deposits 
 795,070 100.0 721,685 100.0 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company held approximately 308.4 million of deposits that exceeded the FDIC insurance limit. 
 The following table provides information on the maturity distribution of the time deposits exceeding the FDIC insurance limit of 250 thousand as of December 31, 2022. 
 (Dollars in thousands) Three months or less 
 3,386 Over three months through six months 
 8,991 Over six months through 12 months 
 37,851 Over 12 months 
 5,050 Total 
 55,278 
 
 Other Borrowings 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had short-term FRB borrowings of 25.0 million at 4.50 and no borrowings from the FHLB. There were no borrowings from the FHLB or FRB at December 31, 2021. 
 The Bank is a member of the FHLB of Atlanta, which provides short- and long-term funding collateralized by mortgage-related assets to its members. FHLB short-term borrowings be ar interest at variable rates set by the FHLB. Any a dvances that the bank were to obtain would be secured by a blanket lien on 210.8 million of real estate-related loans as of December 31, 2022. Based on this collateral and the Company's holdings of FHLB stock, the Company was eligible to borrow up to an additional 128.6 million from the FHLB at December 31, 2022. 
 In addition, the Bank has a line of credit with the Federal Reserve Bank secured by 62.5 million of commercial loans as of December 31, 2022. FRB short-term borrowings bear interest at variable rates based on the Federal Open Market Committee's target range for the federal funds rate. Based on this collateral, the Company was eligible to borrow up to an additional 17.0 million from the FRB at December 31, 2022. 
 In June 2021, the Company issued 6.0 million of Subordinated Debentures (the Debentures that mature June 30, 2031 and are redeemable after five years. The Debentures carry interest at a fixed rate of 4.50 per annum for the initial five years of their term and carry interest at a floating rate for the final five years of their term. Under the terms of the Debentures, the floating rates are based on a SOFR benchmark plus 3.78 per annum. The Debentures were issued to redeem a 6.0 million Subordinated Debenture which was issued in December 2018 and which carried interest at a fixed rate of 6.875 per annum.The balance of Subordinated Debentures outstanding at the Company, net of offering costs, amounted to 6.0 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 In March 2020, the Company renegotiated the terms of its outstanding senior debt and combined its line of credit and term note into one amortizing note with quarterly principal and interest payments with interest at Prime (6.25 at December 31, 2022). The note matures on March 10, 2029 and the balance of the note was 2.8 million and 3.3 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The note is secured by 100 of the stock of the Company and requires the Company to comply with certain loan covenants during the term of the note. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 In April 2020, the Company entered into the Federal Reserve Bank s PPPLF. Under the PPPLF, advances were secured by pledges of loans to small businesses originated by the Company under the PPP. The PPPLF accrued interest at 0.35 per annum and matured at various dates equal to the maturity date of the PPPLF collateral pledged to secure the advance, and accelerated on and to the extent of any PPP loan forgiveness reimbursement by the SBA for any PPPLF collateral or the date of purchase by the SBA from the borrower of any PPPLF collateral. On the maturity date of each advance, the Company repaid the advance plus accrued interest. The balance outstanding on this facility was 69.7 million at December 31, 2021. In the first quarter of 2022, the Company repaid the remaining balance of the advance. 
 
 Capital Resources 
 Shareholders' equity is influenced primarily by earnings, dividends, the Company's sales and repurchases of its common and preferred stock and changes in accumulated other comprehensive income caused primarily by fluctuations in unrealized gains or losses, net of taxes, on available for sale investment securities. 
 Shareholders' equity decrease d 4.4 million to 91.9 million at December 31, 2022 as compared to 96.3 million at December 31, 2021. The decrease was the result of an increase of 3.3 million of accumulated other comprehensive loss due to increases in net unrealized losses on available for sale investment securities, net loss of 349 thousand, dividend declared on its preferred stock of 832 thousand, and dividends declared on its common stock of 1.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The Company strives to maintain an adequate capital base to support its activities in a safe and sound manner while at the same time attempting to maximize shareholder value. Management assesses capital adequacy against the risk inherent in the balance sheet, recognizing that unexpected loss is the common denominator of risk and that common equity has the greatest capacity to absorb unexpected loss. 
 The Bank is subject to regulatory capital requirements imposed by various regulatory banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and discretionary actions by banking regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on BayFirst s and the Bank s financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the Company must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of its assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by regulators about components, risk weightings, and other factors. 
 In 2020, the Federal banking regulatory agencies adopted a rule to simplify the methodology for measuring capital adequacy for smaller, uncomplicated banks. This CBLR is calculated as the ratio of tangible equity capital divided by average total consolidated assets. CBLR tangible equity is defined as total equity capital, prior to including minority interests, and excluding accumulated other comprehensive income, deferred tax assets arising from net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards, goodwill, and other intangible assets (other than mortgage servicing assets). Under the proposal, a qualifying organization may elect to use the CBLR framework if its CBLR is greater than 9 . The Bank has elected not to use the CBLR framework. 
 At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Bank's capital ratios were in excess of the requirement to be "well capitalized" under the regulatory guidelines. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 As of the dates indicated, the Bank met all capital adequacy requirements to which it is subject. The Bank s actual capital amounts and percentages are as shown in the table below: 
 Actual Minimum (1) 
 Well Capitalized (2) 
 (Dollars in thousands) Amount Percent Amount Percent Amount Percent As of December 31, 2022 
 Total Capital (to risk-weighted assets) 
 108,307 15.00 57,767 8.00 72,209 10.00 Tier 1 Capital (to risk-weighted assets) 
 99,269 13.75 43,325 6.00 57,767 8.00 Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to risk-weighted assets) 
 99,269 13.75 32,494 4.50 46,936 6.50 Tier 1 Capital (to total assets) 
 99,269 10.79 36,816 4.00 46,020 5.00 As of December 31, 2021 
 Total Capital (to risk-weighted assets) 
 106,002 21.25 39,909 8.00 49,886 10.00 Tier 1 Capital (to risk-weighted assets) 
 99,656 19.98 29,932 6.00 39,909 8.00 Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to risk-weighted assets) 
 99,656 19.98 22,449 4.50 32,426 6.50 Tier 1 Capital (to total assets) 
 99,656 12.22 32,619 4.00 40,774 5.00 
 (1) Minimum to be considered adequately capitalized under Basel III Capital Adequacy. 
 (2) Minimum to be considered well capitalized under Prompt Corrective Actions Provisions. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 The Bank is a party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business. These financial instruments primarily include unfunded loan commitments, unfunded lines of credit, and standby letters of credit. The Bank uses these financial instruments to meet the financing needs of its customers. These financial instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit, interest rate, and liquidity risk. These do not present unusual risks and management does not anticipate any accounting losses that would have a material effect on the Bank. 
 A summary of the amounts of the Bank s financial instruments, with off-balance sheet risk as of the dates indicated, is as follows: 
 (Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Unfunded loan commitments 
 23,512 18,567 Unused lines of credit 
 134,366 52,076 Standby letters of credit 
 244 68 Total 
 158,122 70,711 
 Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since some of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. Management evaluates each customer s credit worthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained if deemed necessary by the Bank upon extension of credit is based on management s credit evaluation of the counterparty. 
 Standby letters-of-credit are conditional lending commitments that the Bank issues to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party and to support private borrowing arrangements. Essentially, letters of credit issued have expiration dates within one year of the issue date. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending credit. The Bank may hold collateral supporting those commitments. Newly issued or modified guarantees that are not derivative contracts have been recorded on the Bank s balance sheet at their fair value at inception. 
 In general, loan commitments and letters of credit are made on the same terms, including with respect to collateral, as outstanding loans. Each customer s creditworthiness and the collateral required are evaluated on a case-by-case basis. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Contractual Obligations 
 In the ordinary course of its operations, the Company enters into certain contractual obligations. Total contractual obligations at December 31, 2022 were 174.9 million, an increase of 39.9 million from 135.0 million at December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily due to an increase in time deposits of 85.4 million and an increase in short-term FRB borrowings of 25.0 million, partially offset by the payoff of 69.7 million in PPP Liquidity Facility. 
 The following tables present our contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 Contractual Obligations as of December 31, 2022 
 (Dollars in thousands) Less than One Year One to Three Years Three to Five Years Over Five Years Total Operating lease obligations 1,450 2,267 1,245 4,962 Short-term borrowings 25,000 25,000 Long-term borrowings 2,844 2,844 Subordinated notes 50 5,942 5,992 Time deposits 120,240 15,587 299 136,126 Total 146,740 17,854 1,544 8,786 174,924 Contractual Obligations as of December 31, 2021 
 (Dollars in thousands) Less than One Year One to Three Years Three to Five Years Over Five Years Total Operating lease obligations 1,454 2,249 1,279 301 5,283 Long-term borrowings 3,299 3,299 PPP Liquidity Facility 44,647 25,007 69,654 Subordinated notes 50 6,000 6,050 Time deposits 40,868 9,210 610 50,688 Total 86,969 11,459 26,896 9,650 134,974 
 
 Liquidity 
 Liquidity management is the process by which the Bank manages the flow of funds necessary to meet its financial commitments on a timely basis and at a reasonable cost to take advantage of earnings enhancement opportunities. These financial commitments include withdrawals by depositors, credit commitments to borrowers, expenses of the operations, and capital expenditures. The Bank generally maintains a liquidity ratio of liquid assets to total assets of at least 7.0 . Liquid assets include cash and due from banks, federal funds sold, interest-bearing deposits with banks and unencumbered investment securities available for sale. The on-balance sheet liquidity ratio at December 31, 2022 was 12.58 , as compared to 16.76 at December 31, 2021. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Bank purchased additional investment securities, some of which were classified as investment securities available for sale. The fair value of all of the investment securities available for sale totaled 42.3 million at December 31, 2022. 
 During each of the quarters of 2021 and the first two quarters of 2022, the Bank paid a dividend of 250 thousand to BayFirst. The Bank also paid a 500 thousand dividend in the third quarter of 2022 and a 750 thousand dividend in the fourth quarter of 2022 to BayFirst. Prior to that, the Bank retained its earnings to support its growth. BayFirst s liquidity had historically been dependent solely on funds received from the issuance and sale of subordinated debt and preferred stock. BayFirst s liquidity needs are to make interest payments on its debt obligations, dividends on shares of its Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, and common stock, and payment of certain operating expenses. As of December 31, 2022, BayFirst Financial Corp. held 559 thousand in cash and cash equivalents. 
 The Company expects that all the liquidity needs, including the contractual commitments can be met by currently available liquid assets and cash flows. In the event any unforeseen demand or commitments were to occur, the Company would access the borrowing capacity with the FHLB, FRB, and lines of credit with other financial institutions. The Company does 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 not rely on investment securities as the main source of liquidity and does not foresee the need to sell investment securities for cash flow purposes. In addition, the Company has the ability to obtain wholesale deposits as another source of liquidity. The Company expects that the currently available liquid assets and the ability to borrow from the FHLB, FRB, and other financial institutions would be sufficient to satisfy the liquidity needs without any material adverse effect on the Company s liquidity. 
 A description of BayFirst s and the Bank s debt obligations is set forth above under the heading Other Borrowings. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Market Risk and Interest Rate Sensitivity 
 Market risk is the risk of loss from adverse changes in market prices and rates. Its market risk arises primarily from interest-rate risk inherent in loan and deposit taking activities. To that end, the Company actively monitors and manages its interest-rate risk exposure. The measurement of market risk associated with financial instruments is meaningful only when all related and offsetting on- and off-balance-sheet transactions are aggregated, and the resulting net positions are identified. Disclosures about the fair value of financial instruments, which reflect changes in market prices and rates, should also be considered. 
 The objective in managing interest-rate risk is to minimize the adverse impact of changes in interest rates on net interest income and capital, while adjusting the asset-liability structure to obtain the maximum yield-cost spread on that structure. The Company relies primarily on its asset-liability structure to control interest rate risk. A sudden or substantial increase in interest rates may impact its earnings, to the extent that the interest rates borne by assets and liabilities do not change at the same rate, to the same extent, or on the same basis. 
 The Company established a comprehensive interest rate risk management policy which is administered by management s Asset-Liability Committee. The policy establishes risk limits, which are quantitative measures of the percentage change in net interest income (net interest income at risk) and the fair value of equity capital (economic value of equity at risk) resulting from a hypothetical change in interest rates for maturities from one day to 30 years. Management measures the potential adverse impacts that changing interest rates may have on its short-term earnings, long-term value, and liquidity with computer-generated simulation analysis. The simulation model is designed to capture call features and interest rate caps and floors embedded in investment and loan contracts. As with any method of analyzing interest rate risk, there are certain shortcomings inherent in the interest rate modeling methodology used. When interest rates change, actual movements in different categories of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, loan prepayments, and withdrawals of time and other deposits, may deviate significantly from the assumptions used in modeling. The methodology does not measure the impact that higher rates may have on borrowers ability to service their debts, or the impact of rate changes on demand for loan and deposit products. 
 To minimize the potential for adverse effects of changes in interest rates on the results of the operations, we monitor assets and liabilities to better match the maturities and repricing terms of the interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. To do this, the Company (i) emphasizes the origination of adjustable-rate and variable-rate loans to be held for investment; (ii) maintains a stable core deposit base; and (iii) maintains a significant portion of liquid assets (cash, interest-bearing deposits with other banks, and available for sale investment securities). 
 Management regularly reviews its exposure to changes in interest rates. Among the factors they consider are changes in the mix of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, interest rate spreads and repricing periods. ALCO reviews, on at least a quarterly basis, its interest rate risk position. 
 The interest rate risk position is measured and monitored at the Bank using net interest income simulation models and economic value of equity sensitivity analysis that captures both short-term and long-term interest-rate risk exposure. 
 Modeling the sensitivity of net interest income and the economic value of equity to changes in market interest rates is highly dependent on numerous assumptions incorporated into the modeling process. The models used for these measurements rely on estimates of the potential impact that changes in interest rates may have on the value and prepayment speeds on all components of its loan portfolio, investment portfolio, as well as embedded options and cash flows of other assets and liabilities. Balance sheet growth assumptions are also included in the simulation modeling process. The analysis provides a framework as to what the overall sensitivity position is as of the most recent reported position and the impact that potential changes in interest rates may have on net interest income and the economic value of its equity. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Net interest income simulation involves forecasting net interest income under a variety of interest rate scenarios including instantaneous shocks. 
 The estimated impact on the net interest income as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, assuming immediate parallel moves in interest rates, is presented in the table below. 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Change in rates Following 12 months Following 24 months Following 12 months Following 24 months +400 basis points 11.0 11.9 26.1 33.5 +300 basis points 9.4 10.5 22.4 28.5 +200 basis points 5.4 6.1 13.1 16.8 +100 basis points 1.3 1.8 3.6 4.9 -100 basis points (3.8) (4.4) (13.3) (16.7) -200 basis points (8.3) (9.5) (26.4) (32.3) 
 Management strategies may impact future reporting periods, as the actual results may differ from simulated results due to the timing, magnitude, and frequency of interest rate changes, the difference between actual experience and the characteristics assumed, as well as changes in market conditions. Market-based prepayment speeds are factored into the analysis for loan and investment securities portfolios. Rate sensitivity for transactional deposit accounts is modeled based on both historical experience and external industry studies. 
 The Company uses economic value of equity sensitivity analysis to understand the impact of interest rate changes on long-term cash flows, income, and capital. Economic value of equity is based on discounting the cash flows for all balance sheet instruments under different interest rate scenarios. 
 The table below presents the change in the economic value of equity as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, assuming immediate parallel shifts in interest rates. Changes noted between the two periods reflect recent enhancements in the asset/liability modeling, including projected values for non-maturity deposits in changing interest rate environments. 
 Change in rates December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 +400 basis points (12.7) 1.7 +300 basis points (9.5) 1.9 +200 basis points (7.0) 0.8 +100 basis points (4.3) (0.5) -100 basis points 2.6 (3.5) -200 basis points 5.0 (10.8) 
 53 

Item 8. Financial Statements 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Shareholders and the Board of Directors 
 BayFirst Financial Corp. 
 St. Petersburg, Florida 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of BayFirst Financial Corp. (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows, for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 (Formerly Dixon Hughes Goodman LLP) 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2018. 

March 27, 2023 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Cash and due from banks 
 Interest-bearing deposits in banks 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Time deposits in banks 
 Investment securities available for sale 
 Investment securities held to maturity 
 Nonmarketable equity securities 
 Government guaranteed loans held for sale SBA loans held for investment, at fair value 
 Loans held for investment, at amortized cost net of allowance for loan losses of and 
 Accrued interest receivable 
 Premises and equipment, net 
 Loan servicing rights 
 Deferred income tax asset 
 Right-of-use operating lease assets 
 Bank owned life insurance 
 Other assets 
 Assets from discontinued operations Total assets 
 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Liabilities: 
 Noninterest-bearing deposits 
 Interest-bearing transaction accounts 
 Savings and money market deposits 
 Time deposits 
 Total deposits 
 FRB borrowings Subordinated debentures 
 Notes payable 
 PPP Liquidity Facility 
 Accrued interest payable 
 Operating lease liabilities 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 Liabilities from discontinued operations Total liabilities 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Shareholders equity: 
 Preferred stock, Series A; no par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; aggregate liquidation preference of 
 Preferred stock, Series B; no par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; aggregate liquidation preference of 
 Common stock and additional paid-in capital; no par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net 
 ) ) Unearned compensation 
 ) ) Retained earnings 
 Total shareholders equity 
 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 See accompanying notes. 
 56 

Table of Contents BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Interest income: 
 Loans, including fees 
 Interest-bearing deposits in banks and other 
 Total interest income 
 Interest expense: 
 Deposits 
 Borrowings 
 Total interest expense 
 Net interest income 
 Provision for loan losses 
 ) ) Net interest income after provision for loan losses 
 Noninterest income: 
 Loan servicing income, net 
 Gain on sale of government guaranteed loans, net Service charges and fees 
 SBA loan fair value gain 
 Other noninterest income 
 Total noninterest income 
 Noninterest expense: 
 Salaries and benefits 
 Bonus, commissions, and incentives 
 Occupancy and equipment 
 Data processing 
 Marketing and business development 
 Professional services 
 Loan origination and collection 
 Employee recruiting and development 
 Regulatory assessments 
 Other noninterest expense 
 Total noninterest expense 
 Income from continuing operations before income taxes 
 Income tax expense from continuing operations 
 Net income from continuing operations Income (loss) from discontinued operations before income taxes ) Income tax expense (benefit) from discontinued operations ) Net income (loss) from discontinued operations ) Net income (loss) 
 ) Preferred stock dividends 
 Net income available to (loss attributable to) common shareholders 
 ) 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Basic earnings (loss) per common share: 
 Continuing operations Discontinued operations ) Total basic earnings (loss) per common share 
 ) Diluted earnings (loss) per common share: 
 Continuing operations Discontinued operations ) Total diluted earnings (loss) per common share 
 ) 
 See accompanying notes. 
 58 

Table of Contents BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net income (loss) 
 ) Net unrealized losses on investment securities available for sale 
 ) ) Deferred income tax benefit 
 Other comprehensive loss, net 
 ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) 
 See accompanying notes. 
 59 

Table of Contents BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Preferred Shares, Series A Preferred Shares, Series B Common 
 Shares (1) 
 Preferred Stock, Series A Preferred Stock, Series B Common Stock and Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Unearned Compensation Retained Earnings Total Balance at January 1, 2021 
 ) Net income 
 Issuance of common stock under: 
 Non-qualified stock purchase plan 
 Dividend reinvestment plan 
 Employee stock ownership plan 
 Issuance of preferred stock, net 
 Issuance of common stock, net Unearned ESOP shares allocation ) ) Stock-based awards - common stock: 
 Restricted stock expense, net of tax impact 
 Stock option expense 
 Conversion of Series B preferred stock to common stock ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net ) ) Dividends declared on: 
 Preferred stock 
 ) ) Common stock per share) 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 
 ) ) Balance at January 1, 2022 
 ) ) Net loss 
 ) ) Issuance of common stock under: 
 Non-qualified stock purchase plan 
 Dividend reinvestment plan 
 Employee stock ownership plan Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Exercise of stock options,net Issuance of common stock, net 
 Unearned ESOP shares allocation ) ) Stock-based awards - common stock: 
 Restricted stock expense, net of tax impact 
 ) Stock option expense 
 Other comprehensive loss, net 
 ) ) Dividends declared on: 
 Preferred stock 
 ) ) Common stock per share) 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) ) 
 (1) 
 See accompanying notes. 
 60 

Table of Contents BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: 
 Net income from continuing operations Net income (loss) from discontinued operations ) Net income (loss) 
 ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash from operating activities: 
 Depreciation of fixed assets Net securities premium amortization Amortization of debt issuance costs Amortization of premium (discount) on loans purchased ) Provision for loan losses ) ) Accretion of discount on unguaranteed loans 
 ) ) Deferred tax expense Origination of SBA loans held for sale 
 ) ) Proceeds from sales of SBA loans held for sale 
 Net gains on sales of SBA loans 
 ) ) Change in fair value of SBA loans held for investment, at fair value 
 ) ) Amortization of loan servicing rights 
 Non-qualified stock purchase plan expense 
 Stock based compensation expense 
 Income from bank owned life insurance 
 ) ) Changes in: 
 Accrued interest receivable 
 ) Other assets 
 ) ) Accrued interest payable 
 ) Other liabilities 
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities of continuing operations Net cash provided by operating activities of discontinued operations Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: 
 Purchase of investment securities available for sale 
 ) ) Principal payments on investment securities available for sale 
 Purchase of investment securities held to maturity 
 ) Principal payments on investment securities held to maturity 
 Net purchase of nonmarketable equity securities 
 ) ) Purchase of time deposits in banks ) Purchase of government guaranteed and consumer loans ) Loan (originations) and payments, net 
 ) Purchase of premises and equipment 
 ) ) Purchase of bank owned life insurance 
 ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) 
 61 

Table of Contents BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Dollars in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows from financing activities: Net change in deposits 
 Net increase in short-term borrowings Proceeds from issuance of subordinated debt, net of costs Payments on notes payable 
 ) ) Net repayments of PPP Liquidity Facility borrowings 
 ) ) Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock, net 
 Redemption of subordinated debt 
 ) Proceeds from sale of common stock, net 
 Common share buyback - redeemed stock ) ESOP contribution 
 Unearned ESOP shares allocation ) ) Tax benefit from options exercised ) Dividends paid on common stock 
 ) ) Dividends paid on preferred stock 
 ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents 
 ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 
 Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 
 Supplemental cash flow information 
 Interest paid 
 Income taxes paid 
 Supplemental noncash disclosures 
 Net change in unrealized holding gain on investment securities available for sale ) ) Transfer of available for sale debt securities to held to maturity securities at fair value Transfer of SBA loans held for investment to loans held for sale Transfer of loans held for investment to OREO Recognition of right of use asset and operating lease liability 
 Conversion of Series B preferred stock to common stock 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

NOTE 1 - 
 The nationwide residential mortgage lending operations were discontinued in 2022. 
 business segment. In the third quarter of 2022, the Company discontinued the Bank s nationwide residential mortgage lending segment. The operations of this segment are reported as discontinued operations. 

Emerging Growth Company Status : The Company is expected to remain an "emerging growth company," as defined in the JOBS Act, through December 31, 2026. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of an extended transition period when complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. The Company has elected to take advantage of this extended transition period, which means these financial statements, as well as financial statements they file in the future for as long as the Company remains an emerging growth company, will be subject to all new or revised accounting standards generally applicable to private companies. 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

to , or approximately to . The change for expected losses for the Company s unfunded loan commitments was immaterial. The vast majority of this increase is related to the Flashcap SBA loan portfolio. The ultimate impact of the ASU at each subsequent reporting period is highly dependent on credit quality, macroeconomic forecasts and conditions, composition of our loans and available-for-sale securities portfolios, along with other management judgments. 
 The Company did not recognize a material allowance for credit losses for its held-to-maturity debt securities under the model since the securities have a minimal risk of loss. 
 ASU 2022-02, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326) ASU 2022-02 eliminates the guidance on troubled debt restructurings and requires entities to evaluate all loan modifications to determine if they result in a new loan or a continuation of the existing loan. ASU 2022-02 also requires that entities disclose current-period gross charge-offs by year of origination for loans and leases. ASU 2022-02 was adopted January 1, 2023 and did not have a material effect on the Company s operating results or financial condition. 
 to . None of the time deposits had maturities of 90 days or less at the time of origination. All investments in time deposits are with FDIC insured financial institutions and none exceed the maximum insurable amount of 250. 

64 

Table of Contents 
 BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

65 

Table of Contents 
 BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

66 

Table of Contents 
 BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

to years. Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method with useful lives ranging from to years based on the lesser of the useful life of the asset or the remaining expected term of the lease. Furniture, fixtures, and equipment are depreciated using the straight-line method with useful lives ranging from to years. 
 months up to years, some of which include renewal or termination options to extend the lease for up to years. The Company s leases do not include residual value guarantees or covenants. 
 The Company includes lease extension and termination options in the lease terms if, after considering relevant economic factors, it is reasonably certain the Company will exercise the option. In addition, the Company has elected to account for any non-lease components in its real estate leases as part of the associated lease component. The Company has also elected not to recognize leases with original lease terms of 12 months or less (i.e., short-term leases) on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Leases are classified as operating or finance leases at the lease commencement date; however, the Company has not entered into any finance leases. Lease expense for operating leases and short-term leases is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Right-of-use assets represent the right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the estimated present value of lease payments over the lease term. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

to days and at market rates when initiated. Commitments to fund mortgage loans (i.e., interest rate locks) to be sold into the secondary market and forward commitments for the future delivery of these mortgage loans are accounted for as free-standing derivatives. The fair value of the interest rate lock was recorded at the time the commitment to fund the mortgage loan was executed and was adjusted for the expected exercise of the commitment before the loan funded. 
 To deliver loans to the secondary market and to moderate its interest rate risk prior to sale, the Bank typically entered into non-exchange traded mandatory delivery forward sales contracts and best efforts forward sales contracts, which are also considered derivative instruments. These contracts were entered into for amounts and terms offsetting the interest rate risk of loan commitment derivatives and loans held for sale, and both were carried at their fair value with changes included in earnings. The Bank considered the best efforts forward sales contracts that meet the net settlement requirement to be derivatives, as there are penalties to the Bank if it did not deliver the loan to the investor once the loan closes with the borrower. 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

of eligible employees salary each pay period as a safe harbor contribution. The Company may also match employee contributions each year at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Employee 401(k) expense is the amount of safe harbor and employee matching contributions to the 401(k) plan. The discontinuation of the nationwide residential lending division during 2022 triggered a partial plan termination and all affected employees were vested in the Company s contributions into the 401(k) plan. 
 discount to the price of shares offered under the DRIP, as determined by the Board of Directors, with limitations on deductions from employees income. Directors may purchase available shares of common stock with post-tax dollars as of the grant date at the price of shares offered under the DRIP, with no minimum deduction and a maximum deduction of the Directors board fees. NSPP compensation expense is recorded based on the discount offered to employees and the number of shares purchased by employees. 
 The discontinuation of the nationwide residential lending division during 2022 triggered a partial plan termination and all affected employees were vested in the Company s contributions into the ESOP. 
 (unless the Company has not redeemed the shares by the tenth anniversary of their issuance in 2019, in which event the rate is subject to be increased to ). The Company has also issued cumulative convertible Series B shares of preferred stock, on which it pays cash dividends at a rate of (unless the Company has not redeemed the shares by the tenth anniversary of their issuance in 2020 and 2021, in which event the rate is subject to be increased to ). The Series B shares are convertible at a ratio of liquidation value to tangible book value at the option of the shareholder. All preferred stock has liquidation preference relative to the Company s common stock. 

The balance of cash pledged for trading at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was and . 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

NOTE 2 
 Premises and equipment, net Loan servicing rights Mortgage banking derivative asset Right-of-use operating lease asset Accrued interest Other assets Total assets Liabilities Operating lease liability Mortgage banking derivative liability Other liabilities Total liabilities 
 The following presents operating results of the discontinued operations of the residential mortgage lending division for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Interest income Noninterest income Total net revenue Noninterest expense Income (loss) from discontinued operations before income taxes ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net income (loss) from discontinued operations ) 
 70 

Table of Contents BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

NOTE 3 
 ) Mortgage-backed securities: 
 U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises 
 ) Collateralized mortgage obligations: 
 U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises 
 ) Corporate bonds ) Total investment securities available for sale 
 ) Investment securities held to maturity: 
 Mortgage-backed securities: 
 U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises 
 Corporate bonds ) Total investment securities held to maturity 
 ) 
 ) Mortgage-backed securities: 
 U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises 
 ) Collateralized mortgage obligations: 
 U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises 
 ) Total investment securities available for sale 
 ) Investment securities held to maturity: 
 Mortgage-backed securities: 
 U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises 
 Total investment securities held to maturity 
 
 Five to ten years Beyond ten years Total 
 71 

Table of Contents BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

previously designated available for sale investment security to a held to maturity designation at estimated fair value. The reclassification was permitted as the Company has appropriately determined the ability and intent to hold the investment security until maturity or call. The investment security had no unrealized net gain or loss at the time of transfer since it was purchased near the end of the first quarter of 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company's investment portfolio consisted of securities, of which were in an unrealized loss position. The unrealized losses for these securities resulted primarily from changes in interest rates since purchased. The Company expects full recovery of the carrying amount of these securities and does not intend to sell the securities in an unrealized loss position nor does it believe it will be required to sell securities in an unrealized loss position before the value is recovered. The Company does not consider these securities to be other-than-temporarily impaired at December 31, 2022. 
 ) ) ) Mortgage-backed securities: U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises ) ) Collateralized mortgage obligations: U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises ) ) ) Corporate Bonds ) ) Total investment securities available for sale ) ) ) Investment securities held to maturity: Corporate Bonds ) ) Total investment securities held to maturity ) ) 
 72 

Table of Contents BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

) ) Mortgage-backed securities: U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises ) ) Collateralized mortgage obligations: U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises ) ) Total investment securities available for sale ) ) 
 No investment securities were pledged as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021, and there were no sales of investment securities during the year ended December 31, 2022 or during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 NOTE 4 
 Commercial 
 Construction and land 
 Commercial and industrial 
 Commercial and industrial - PPP 
 Consumer and other 
 Loans held for investment, at amortized cost, gross 
 Deferred loan costs, net 
 Discount on SBA 7(a) loans sold (1) 
 ) ) Premium (discount) on loans purchased 
 ) Allowance for loan losses 
 ) ) Loans held for investment, at amortized cost 
 
 (1) The Company allocates the retained portion of loans sold based on relative fair value of the retained portion and the sold portion, which results in a discount on the retained portion. 
 73 

Table of Contents BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

NOTE 5 - 

Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision ) ) ) ) ) Ending Balance December 31, 2021 Beginning Balance Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Ending Balance 
 
 Collectively evaluated for impairment 
 Total 
 Loans: 
 Individually evaluated for impairment 
 Collectively evaluated for impairment 
 Total 
 
 74 

Table of Contents BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Collectively evaluated for impairment 
 Total 
 Loans: 
 Individually evaluated for impairment 
 Collectively evaluated for impairment 
 Total 
 
 Real estate - commercial 
 Subtotal 
 With an allowance recorded: 
 Real estate - commercial 
 Commercial and industrial 
 Subtotal 
 Total 
 
 The following table presents information related to impaired loans by loan segment at and for the year ended December 31, 2021: 
 Unpaid Principal Balance Recorded Investment Allowance 
 for Loan 
 Losses 
 Allocated 
 Average 
 Recorded 
 Investment 
 Interest 
 Income 
 Recognized 
 Cash Basis 
 Interest 
 Recognized 
 With no related allowance recorded: 
 Real estate - commercial 
 Subtotal 
 With an allowance recorded: 
 Real estate - commercial 
 Commercial and industrial 
 Subtotal 
 Total 
 
 For purposes of the impaired loans by loan segment tables above, the unpaid principal balance and recorded investment do not include the government guaranteed balance. The government guaranteed balances of impaired loans at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were and , respectively. 
 75 

Table of Contents BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

are reserved in full. Impaired loans include commercial loans that are individually evaluated for impairment and deemed impaired as well as TDR for all loan portfolio segments. The sum of nonaccrual loans and loans past due over 89 days still on accrual will differ from the total impaired loan amount. 
 Real estate - commercial 
 Commercial and industrial 
 Consumer and other 
 Total 
 
 Real estate - commercial 
 Real estate - construction and land 
 Commercial and industrial 
 Commercial and industrial - PPP 
 Consumer and other 
 Total 
 (1) of balances 30-89 days past due and of balances greater than 89 days past due are reported as Loans Not Past Due as a result of the government guarantee. Of those loans, of commercial and industrial PPP loans were delinquent as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 76 

Table of Contents BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Real estate - commercial 
 Real estate - construction and land 
 Commercial and industrial 
 Commercial and industrial - PPP 
 Consumer and other 
 Total 
 (1) of balances 30-89 days past due and of balances greater than 89 days past due are reported as Loans Not Past Due as a result of the government guarantee, and of commercial and industrial PPP loans were primarily due to delinquencies from borrowers with only a PPP loan and no other Bank product. These borrowers were non-responsive to requests for forgiveness applications and payments, and applications were subsequently submitted to the SBA for their 100 guarantee purchase from the Bank. 
 Credit Quality Indicators 
 Internal risk-rating grades are assigned to loans by lending, credit administration or loan review personnel, based on an analysis of the financial and collateral strength and other credit attributes underlying each loan. Management analyzes the resulting ratings, as well as other statistics and factors such as delinquency, to track the migration performance of the portfolio balances. This analysis is performed at least annually. The Bank uses the following definitions for its risk ratings: 
 Pass Loans properly approved, documented, collateralized, and performing which do not reflect an abnormal credit risk. 
 Special Mention These credits constitute an undue and unwarranted credit risk, but not to a point of justifying a classification of Substandard . They have weaknesses that, if not checked or corrected, weaken the asset or inadequately protect the Bank. 
 Substandard These loans are inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any. Loans so classified have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. They are characterized by the distinct possibility that the Bank will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. 
 Doubtful These loans have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified as Substandard with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or repayment in full, on the basis of currently known facts, conditions, and values, highly questionable and improbable. 
 Real estate - commercial 
 Real estate - construction and land 
 Commercial and industrial 
 Commercial and industrial - PPP 
 Consumer and other 
 Loans held for investment, at amortized cost 
 77 

Table of Contents BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Real estate - commercial 
 Real estate - construction and land 
 Commercial and industrial 
 Commercial and industrial - PPP 
 Consumer and other 
 Loans held for investment, at amortized cost 
 Troubled Debt Restructurings 
 Commercial and industrial 
 Total TDRs 
 
 The Company had not committed to lend any additional amounts to the loans classified as TDR at December 31, 2021. The Company estimated of impaired loan loss reserves for these loans at December 31, 2021. There were no loans which were modified in the previous twelve months that defaulted during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 There were no new loans classified as TDR during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The CARES Act, signed into law on March 27, 2020, permitted financial institutions to suspend requirements under GAAP for loan modifications to borrowers affected by the COVID-19 pandemic that would otherwise be characterized as TDR and permitted any determination related thereto if (i) the loan modification was made between March 1, 2020 and the earlier of December 31, 2020 or 60 days after the end of the coronavirus emergency declaration and (ii) the applicable loan was not more than 30 days past due as of December 31, 2019. The CAA, signed into law on December 27, 2020, extended the applicable period to include modifications to loans held by financial institutions executed between March 1, 2020 and the earlier of (i) January 1, 2022 or (ii) 60 days after the date of the termination of the COVID-19 pandemic national emergency. In addition, federal bank regulatory authorities have issued guidance to encourage financial institutions to make loan modifications for borrowers affected by COVID-19 pandemic and have assured financial institutions that they will neither receive supervisory criticism for such prudent loan modifications, nor be required by examiners to automatically categorize COVID-19-pandemic related loan modifications as TDR. The Company is applying this guidance to qualifying loan modifications. 
 Commercial and industrial 
 Total loan modifications related to COVID-19 pandemic 
 
 78 

Table of Contents BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

NOTE 6 
 79 

Table of Contents BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Residential loans held for sale (1) 
 SBA loans held for investment, at fair value 
 Best efforts forward sales contracts (1) 
 
 (1) Classified as assets from discontinued operations and liabilities from discontinued operations on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2021 are summarized below: 
 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant 
 Unobservable 
 Inputs 
 (Level 3) 
 Total Financial assets 
 Investment securities available for sale 
 Residential loans held for sale (1) 
 SBA loans held for investment, at fair value 
 Interest rate lock commitments (1) 
 Mandatory forward sales contracts (1) 
 Best efforts forward sales contracts (1) 
 Financial liabilities 
 Interest rate lock commitments (1) 
 Mandatory forward sales contracts (1) 

There were no transfers between levels for assets and liabilities recorded at fair value on a recurring basis during the reported periods. 
 Financial Instruments Recorded Using Fair Value Option 
 The Company has elected the fair value option for residential loans held for sale. These loans are intended for sale and are classified as assets from discontinued operations on the consolidated balance sheet. The Company believes that the fair value is the best indicator of the resolution of these loans. Interest income from discontinued operations is recorded based on the contractual term of the loan and in accordance with the Company s policy on loans held for investment. of these loans were 90 days or more past due or on nonaccrual at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 80 

Table of Contents BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Contractual balance 
 Gain 
 
 The total amount of interest income from discontinued operations and losses from changes in fair value included in earnings for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 for residential loans held for sale from discontinued operations were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Interest income 
 Change in fair value 
 ) ) Total loss 
 ) ) 
 The Company also elected the fair value option for certain of its non-PPP SBA loans as the Company believed that fair value was the best indicator of the resolution of those loans at that time. Depending on market conditions and liquidity needs of the Company, management determines whether it is advantageous to hold or sell SBA loans on a loan-by-loan basis. The portion of these loans guaranteed by the SBA are generally readily marketable in the secondary market and the portion of the loans that are not guaranteed may be sold periodically to other third party financial institutions. Interest income on these loans is recorded based on the contractual term of the loan and in accordance with the Company s policy on other loans held for investment. 
 Contractual balance 
 Gain 
 
 The total amount of gains and losses from changes in fair value and interest income included in earnings for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 for SBA loans held for investment, at fair value, were as follows: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Interest income Change in fair value Total gain 
 
 Changes in fair value for SBA loans held for investment, at fair value, were included in SBA loan fair value gain on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 81 

Table of Contents BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

New SBA originations at fair value Loans sold ) Principal payments 
 ) ) Charge-offs 
 ) ) Repurchase of guaranteed balances previously participated 
 Total gains during the period 
 Balance of SBA loans held for investment at fair value, end of period 
 
 The Company s valuation of SBA loans held for investment, at fair value, was supported by an analysis prepared by an independent third party and approved by management. The approach to determine fair value involved several steps: 1) identifying each loan s unique characteristics, including balance, payment type, term, coupon, age, and principal and interest payment; 2) projecting these loan level characteristics for the life of each loan; and 3) performing discounted cash flow modeling. 
 Discounted Discount rate - 
 investment, at fair value 
 cash flow Conditional prepayment rate - 
 Best efforts forward sales contracts (1) 
 Quoted market prices Pull-through expectations 
 December 31, 2021 SBA loans held for 
 Discounted Discount rate - 
 investment, at fair value 
 cash flow Conditional prepayment rate - 
 Interest rate lock commitments (1) 
 Quoted market prices Pull-through expectations - 
 Best efforts forward sales contracts (1) 
 Quoted market prices Pull-through expectations - 

The significant unobservable inputs impacting the fair value measurement of SBA loans held for investment, at fair value, include discount rates and conditional prepayment rates. Increases in discount rates or prepayment rates would result in a lower fair value measurement. Although the prepayment rate and discount rate are not directly interrelated, they generally move in opposite directions. The discount rates and conditional prepayment rates were weighted by the relative principal balance outstanding of these loans. 
 The significant unobservable inputs impacting the fair value measurement of interest rate lock commitments and best efforts sales contracts include pull-through rates. An increase in the pull-through rate utilized in the fair value measurement of the interest rate lock commitments and best efforts forward sale contracts will result in positive fair value adjustments (and an increase in the fair value measurement). Conversely, a decrease in the pull-through rate will result in a negative fair value adjustment (and a decrease in the fair value measurement). 
 82 

Table of Contents BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Discounted appraisals, estimated net realizable value of collateral Collateral discounts 
 Assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis at December 31, 2021 are summarized below: 
 Fair Value Valuation Technique(s) Significant Unobservable Input(s) Discount Amount Impaired loans 
 Discounted appraisals, estimated net realizable value of collateral Collateral discounts 
 
 83 

Table of Contents BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Time deposits in banks 
 2 Investment securities held to maturity 
 2 Nonmarketable equity securities, at cost 
 2 Government guaranteed loans held for sale 2 Loans held for investment, at amortized cost 
 3 Accrued interest receivable (1) 
 3 SBA loan servicing rights 
 3 Mortgage loan servicing rights (2) 
 3 Liabilities: 
 Noninterest-bearing deposits 
 2 Interest-bearing transaction accounts 
 2 Savings and money market deposits 
 2 Time deposits 
 2 FHLB and FRB borrowings 2 Subordinated debentures 
 2 Notes payable 
 2 PPP Liquidity Facility 
 2 Accrued interest payable 
 2 
 (1) Includes balances of and classified as assets from discontinued operations on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 (2) Classified as assets from discontinued operations on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 NOTE 7 
 and , respectively, of which and represented the guaranteed portion of the loans. Loans serviced for others are not included in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. The unpaid principal balances of SBA loans serviced for others requiring recognition of a servicing asset were and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 84 

Table of Contents BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Additions 
 Amortization 
 ) ) End of period 
 
 The fair value of SBA loan servicing rights was and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Fair value was determined using a weighted average discount rate of and a weighted average prepayment speed of at December 31, 2022. Fair value was determined using a weighted average discount rate of and a weighted average prepayment speed of at December 31, 2021. The SBA loan servicing rights are amortized over the life of a loan on a loan-by-loan basis. 
 Loss on sale of unguaranteed SBA loans ) ) Costs recognized on sale of SBA loans 
 ) ) Fair value of servicing rights created 
 Gain on sale of SBA loans, net 

NOTE 8 - 
 Building and improvements Leasehold improvements Furniture, fixtures, and equipment Fixed assets in process Total premises and equipment Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Net premises and equipment (1) 
 
 classified as assets from discontinued operations as of December 31, 2021. There were assets classified as assets from discontinued operations as of December 31, 2022. 
 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 85 

Table of Contents BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

NOTE 9 
 Short-term lease cost 
 Total lease cost, net (1) 
 
 (1) Includes lease costs reported as discontinued operations of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows related to operating lease liabilities 
 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the weighted average discount rate of operating leases was and the weighted average remaining life of operating leases was years. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total undiscounted lease payments 
 Less: imputed interest 
 ) Net lease liabilities 
 
 Impairment of ROU Assets 
 ROU assets from operating leases are subject to the impairment guidance in ASC 360, Property, Plant, and Equipment, and are reviewed for impairment when indicators of impairment are present. ASC 360 requires three steps to identify, recognize and measure impairment. If indicators of impairment are present (Step 1), the Company performs a recoverability test (Step 2) comparing the sum of the estimated undiscounted cash flows attributable to the ROU asset in question to the carrying amount. The Company estimates the fair value of the ROU asset and recognizes an impairment loss when the carrying amount exceeds the estimated fair value (Step 3). 
 During 2022, the Company closed leased mortgage lending offices as part of its discontinuance of the nationwide residential lending operation. The mortgage lending offices were evaluated as outlined above to determine whether the operating leases were impaired. As part of the recoverability test, the Company elected to exclude operating lease liabilities from the carrying amount of the asset group. The undiscounted future cash flows used in the recoverability test were based on assumptions made by the Company rather than market participant assumptions. Since an election was made to exclude operating lease liabilities from the asset or asset group, all future cash lease payments for the lease were also excluded. In addition, the Company elected to exclude operating lease liabilities from the estimated fair value, consistent with the recoverability test. When determining the fair value of the ROU asset, the Company estimated what market participants would pay to lease the assets assuming the highest and best use in the assets current forms. 
 86 

Table of Contents BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

as of December 31, 2022. The analyses resulted in the recognition of impairment for the year ended December 31, 2022. The impairment was recognized in income (loss) from discontinued operations on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 NOTE 10 
 at and borrowings from the FHLB. There were borrowings from the FHLB or FRB at December 31, 2021. 
 The Bank is a member of the FHLB of Atlanta, which provides short- and long-term funding collateralized by mortgage-related assets to its members. FHLB short-term borrowings be ar interest at variable rates set by the FHLB. Any a dvances that the bank were to obtain would be secured by a blanket lien on of real estate-related loans as of December 31, 2022. Based on this collateral and the Company's holdings of FHLB stock, the Company was eligible to borrow up to 
 from the FHLB at December 31, 2022. 
 In addition, the Bank has a secured line of credit with the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta which was secured by of commercial loans as of December 31, 2022. FRB short-term borrowings bear interest at variable rates based on the Federal Open Market Committee's target range for the federal funds rate. Based on this collateral, the Company was eligible to borrow up to an additional from the FRB at December 31, 2022. 
 In June 2021 , the Company issued of Subordinated Debentures (the Debentures that mature June 30, 2031 and are redeemable after years. The Debentures carry interest at a fixed rate of per annum for the initial years of term and carry interest at a floating rate for the final years of term. Under the debt agreements, the floating rates are based on a SOFR benchmark plus per annum. These Debentures were issued to redeem a Subordinated Debenture which was issued in December 2018 and carried interest at a rate of per annum. The balance of Subordinated Debentures outstanding at the Company, net of offering costs, amounted to and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 In March 2020, the Company renegotiated the terms of its outstanding senior debt and combined its line of credit and term note into one amortizing note with quarterly principal and interest payments with interest at Prime at December 31, 2022). The note matures on March 10, 2029 and the balance of the note was and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The note is secured by of the stock of the Company and requires the Company to comply with certain loan covenants during the term of the note. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all financial debt covenants. 
 per annum and matured at various dates equal to the maturity date of the PPPLF collateral pledged to secure the advance, and accelerated on and to the extent of any PPP loan forgiveness reimbursement by the SBA for any PPPLF collateral or the date of purchase by the SBA from the borrower of any PPPLF collateral. On the maturity date of each advance, the Company repaid the advance plus accrued interest. The balance outstanding on this facility was at December 31, 2021. In the first quarter of 2022, the Company repaid the remaining balance of the advance. 
 
 NOTE 11 
 and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Restricted Stock 
 The Company awarded shares of restricted common stock to certain employees for which compensation expense is recognized ratably over the vesting period of the awards based on the fair value of the stock at issue date. 
 87 

Table of Contents BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Granted 
 Vested 
 ) Forfeited 
 ) Nonvested at December 31, 2022 
 
 At December 31, 2022, there was of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested restricted shares granted under the Equity Plan that is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. The total fair value of shares vested during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was and , respectively. 
 Stock Options 
 The Equity Plan permits the grant of stock options to the Company s employees and non-employee directors for up to of the total number of shares of Company common stock issued and outstanding, up to shares. Option awards are generally granted with an exercise price equal to the market price of the Company s common stock at the date of grant. The market price of the Company s common stock is the closing sales price of the Common Stock on such date on the securities exchange having the greatest volume of trading in the Common Stock during the period preceding the day the value is to be determined or, if there is no reported closing sales price on such date, the next preceding date on which there was a reported closing price. Those option awards generally have a vesting period of years for employees and years for non-employee directors and have contractual terms. 
 The fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using a closed form option valuation (Black-Scholes) model that uses the assumptions noted in the table below. Expected volatility is based on an average of historical volatility of peer financial institutions. The expected term of options granted represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding, which takes into account that the options are not transferable. The risk-free interest rate for the expected term of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. 
 
 Expected term (years) 
 Expected stock price volatility ) 
 Dividend yield ) 
 
 Exercised 
 ) Forfeited 
 ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 Vested and exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 
 88 

Table of Contents BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

options granted during the year ended ended December 31, 2022. The weighted average fair value of options granted during the year ended December 31, 2021 was . Total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested stock options granted under the Equity Plan was at December 31, 2022. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 
 NOTE 12 
 shares were purchased at an average price of . During the year ended December 31, 2021, shares were purchased at an average price of . 
 All employees and Directors are eligible to participate in the NSPP. Expense recognized in relation to the NSPP for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was and , respectively. 
 The Company has a Salary Continuation Agreement (the Agreement with an executive officer. In accordance with the Agreement, the executive will receive an annual benefit of for following separation of service. The liability recorded for the Agreement was and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, and the related expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was and , respectively. 
 The Company has a 401(k) plan that covers all employees subject to certain age and service requirements. The Company contributes of each employee s salary each pay period as a safe harbor contribution. The Company may also match employee contributions each year at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Expense recognized in relation to the 401(k) plan was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The discontinuation of the nationwide residential lending division during 2022 triggered a partial plan termination and all affected employees were vested in the Company s contributions into the plan. 
 The Company has an ESOP for eligible employees. Each year, the Company s Board of Directors may approve a discretionary percentage of employees salaries to be contributed to the ESOP for eligible employees. In 2021, the ESOP trust acquired shares of the Company s stock. As this is a leveraged plan, unallocated shares are distributed to employees annually. There were unallocated shares remaining as of December 31, 2022. The ESOP trust s outstanding loan, which is secured by the unallocated shares, bears a fixed interest rate equal to Prime Rate as of the note date, which was . The note requires an annual payment of principal and interest through December 2026. The Company s ESOP, which is internally leveraged, does not report the loan receivable extended to the ESOP as an asset and does not report the ESOP debt due to the Company. 
 The Board did not approve any contributions in 2022. The Board approved of salaries for eligible employees in 2021. There was expense related to the ESOP for the year ended December 31, 2022. Expense related to the ESOP was for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 vested in the Company s contributions into the ESOP. 
 89 

Table of Contents BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

NOTE 13 
 ) State 
 ) Total current tax provision from continuing operations ) Deferred expense (benefit) from continuing operations: Federal 
 State 
 ) Total deferred expense from continuing operations Income tax expense from continuing operations Income tax expense (benefit) from discontinued operations ) Total ) 
 State tax, net of federal effect Changes resulting from: BOLI income ) ) Other, net ) Income tax expense from continuing operations Income tax expense (benefit) from discontinued operations ) Total income tax expense (benefit) ) 
 
 90 

Table of Contents BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Net operating loss carryforward Deferred loan fees 
 Discount on loans sold 
 Unrealized loss on available for sale securities Operating lease liabilities 
 Accrued bonuses 
 Other 
 Total gross deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Fair value adjustments on HFI SBA loans and HFS loans 
 ) ) SBA loan servicing rights 
 ) ) Deferred loan costs 
 ) ) Right-of-use operating lease assets 
 ) ) Depreciation 
 ) ) Other 
 ) ) Total gross deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax asset 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had of federal net operating loss carryforward and of state net operating loss carryforward. The net operating loss carryforwards do not expire. At December 31, 2021, the Company did not have any net operating loss carryforward. 
 The Company and its subsidiary file a consolidated U.S. Corporation federal income tax return which is subject to examination by taxing authorities for years 2019 and later. There were no unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2022, and the Company does not expect the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits to significantly increase in the next twelve months. The Company recognizes interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense when applicable. The Company did not record any interest and penalties for 2022 and 2021. 
 
 NOTE 14 
 91 

Table of Contents BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Tier 1 Capital 
 (to Risk Weighted Assets) 
 Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
 (to Risk Weighted Assets) 
 Tier 1 Capital 
 (to Average Assets) 
 
 Actual and required capital amounts and ratios for the Bank are presented below at December 31, 2021: 
 Actual Required for Capital 
 Adequacy Purposes 
 To be Well Capitalized Under Prompt Corrective Action Regulations Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Total Capital 
 (to Risk Weighted Assets) 
 Tier 1 Capital 
 (to Risk Weighted Assets) 
 Common Equity Tier 1 Capital 
 (to Risk Weighted Assets) 
 Tier 1 Capital 
 (to Average Assets) 
 
 Dividend Restrictions 

NOTE 15 
 Net change in fair value recognized on residential loans held for sale 
 ) ) Net change in fair value recognized on interest rate lock commitments 
 ) ) Net change in fair value recognized on mandatory and best efforts forward sales contracts 
 Mortgage banking fees 
 Residential loan fee income from discontinued operations 
 
 92 

Table of Contents BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

of forward sales contracts. At December 31, 2021, the Company had interest rate lock commitments of , mandatory forward contracts of , and forward sales contracts of . The fair value of these mortgage banking derivatives was reflected by a total derivative asset from discontinued operations of and a total derivative liability from discontinued operations of at December 31, 2021. Fair values were estimated based on changes in mortgage interest rates from the date of the commitments. Changes in the fair values of these mortgage banking derivatives are included in income (loss) from discontinued operations in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 ) Best efforts forward sales contracts 
 Interest rate lock commitments 
 
 Mandatory forward sales contracts 
 Best efforts forward sales contracts 
 Included in other liabilities from discontinued operations: 
 Interest rate lock commitments 
 Mandatory forward sales contracts 

NOTE 16 
 New loans Repayments ) ) Effect of changes in composition of related parties ) Balance at December 31 
 Deposits from principal officers, directors, and their affiliates at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were and , respectively. 
 93 

Table of Contents BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 The Company entered into transactions during the normal course of business with an insurance agency that is a related party of a Company Director. Payments to the insurance agency amounted to and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 NOTE 17 
 Unused lines of credit 
 Standby letters of credit 
 
 All unused lines of credit at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were variable rate lines of credit and the majority of unfunded loan commitments at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were commitments to fund variable rate loans. Unfunded loan commitments are generally entered into for periods of days or less. 
 94 

Table of Contents BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

NOTE 18 
 Income (loss) from discontinued operations 
 ) Net income (loss) 
 ) Less: Preferred stock dividends 
 Net income available to (loss attributable to) common shareholders 
 ) Weighted average common shares outstanding 
 Basic earnings (loss) per common share: 
 Continuing operations 
 Discontinued operations 
 ) Total 
 ) Diluted: 
 Income from continuing operations Income (loss) from discontinued operations ) Net income (loss) 
 ) Less: Preferred stock dividends 
 Add: Series B preferred stock dividends 
 Net income available to (loss attributable to) common shareholders 
 ) Weighted average common shares outstanding for basic earnings per common share 
 Add: Dilutive effects of conversion of Series B preferred stock to common stock 
 Add: Dilutive effects of assumed exercises of stock options and warrants 
 Average shares and dilutive potential common shares 
 Diluted earnings (loss) per common share: 
 Continuing operations 
 Discontinued operations 
 ) Total 
 ) 
 The Company uses the treasury stock method to calculate the dilutive effect of outstanding equity awards in the denominator for diluted EPS to the extent the impact of such exchange would not be anti-dilutive. For the year ended December 31, 2022 , c ommon stock options were exclud ed in computing diluted earnings per common share because they were anti-dilutive. There were c ommon stock options exclud ed in computing diluted earnings per common share for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 95 

Table of Contents BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

NOTE 19 
 Loans to bank subsidiary Loans held for investment, at amortized cost Investment in subsidiary Other assets Total Assets Liabilities: Subordinated debentures Notes payable Accrued interest payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders' equity: Preferred stock, Series A; no par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding; aggregate liquidation preference of 
 Preferred stock, Series B; no par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding; aggregate liquidation preference of 
 Common stock and additional paid-in capital; no par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net 
 ) ) Unearned compensation ) ) Retained earnings Total stockholders' equity 
 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 Expense: Interest expense Other expenses Total expense Loss before taxes and equity in earnings of subsidiary ) ) Income tax benefits ) ) Income (loss) before equity in earnings of subsidiary ) Equity in undistributed earnings of subsidiary ) Net income (loss) ) 
 
 96 

Table of Contents BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash from operating activities: Equity in earnings from subsidiary ) Amortization of debt issuance costs Stock based compensation expense Change in other assets ) Change in other liabilities and accrued interest payable ) Net cash from operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Loan origination and payments, net Net cash from investing activities Cash flows from financing activities: Net increase of loans to bank subsidiary ) Payments on notes payable ) ) Proceeds from issuance of subordinated debt, net of costs Redemption of subordinated debt ) Proceeds from issuance of preferred stock, net Proceeds from sale of common stock, net Share buyback - redeemed stock ) ESOP contribution Unearned ESOP shares allocation ) ) Dividends paid on common stock ) ) Dividends paid on preferred stock ) ) Net cash from financing activities ) ) Net change in cash ) Cash at beginning of year Cash at end of year Supplemental noncash disclosures Conversion of Series B preferred stock to common stock 

NOTE 20 
 
 97 

Table of Contents BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 An evaluation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13(a)-15(e) and 15(d)-15(e) of the Exchange Act), was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer as of December 31, 2022, the last day of the period covered by this Annual Report. The Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022, in ensuring that the information required to be disclosed in the reports the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act is (i) accumulated and communicated to management (including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer) as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures, and (ii) recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have not been any changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fiscal period to which this report relates that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 None. 
 
 Part III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Information required by this item is set forth under the headings Proposal 1 Election of Directors , Meetings , and Nominating Committee appearing in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 annual meeting of shareholders to be filed within 120 days after December 31, 2022, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 Information required by this item is set forth under the headings "Executive and Director Compensation appearing in the Company's Proxy Statement for the 2023 annual meeting of shareholders to be filed within 120 days after December 31, 2022, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 98 

Table of Contents BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 Equity Compensation Plans. The following table discloses the number of outstanding options, warrants and rights granted to participants by the Company under the equity compensation plans, as well as the number of securities remaining available for future issuance under these plans as of December 31, 2022. The Company does not have any outstanding warrants. Additional information regarding stock incentive plans is presented in Note 1 1 to the consolidated financial statements included pursuant to Item 8 to this Form 10-K. 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) 
 Weighted average 
 exercise price of 
 outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 (b) 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 124,109 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 405,688 15.67 124,109 
 Other information required by this item is set forth under the heading Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management appearing in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 annual meeting of shareholders to be filed within 120 days after December 31, 2022, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 Information required by this item is set forth under the headings Transactions with Related Persons and Director Independence appearing in the Company s Proxy Statement for the 2023 annual meeting of shareholders to be filed within 120 days after December 31, 2022, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 Information required by this item is set forth under the heading "Fees Paid to Auditors and Audit Committee Report" appearing in the Company's Proxy Statement for the 2023 annual meeting of shareholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022, which is incorporated herein by reference. The Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm is FORVIS, LLP (PCAOB Firm ID No. located in Tampa, Florida. 
 
 99 

Table of Contents BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

Part IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS 
 (a) Exhibits. 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Name 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation 
 3.2 Bylaws 
 3.3 Amendment to Bylaws, dated August 22, 2019 
 4.1 Form of common stock certificate 
 4.2 Form of Series A Preferred Stock certificate 
 4.3 Form of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock certificate 
 10.1 Employment Agreement with Anthony N. Leo, dated April 18, 2017 
 10.2 Salary Continuation Agreement with Anthony N. Leo, dated April 18, 2017 
 10.3 Amended and Restated 2017 Equity Incentive Plan 
 10.4 Form of Stock Option Agreement under Amended and Restated 2017 Equity Incentive Plan 
 10.5 Form of Restricted Stock Award Grant Notice under Amended and Restated 2017 Equity Incentive Plan 
 10.6 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice under Amended and Restated 2017 Equity Incentive Plan 
 10.7 Amended and Restated Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan 
 10.8 2015 Non-Qualified Employee Stock Purchase Plan Amended and Restated, dated January 25, 2022 
 10.9 First Amendment to 2015 Non-Qualified Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 10.10 Business Loan Agreement with First National Bankers Bank, dated March 10, 2021 
 10.11 Form of 4.5 Fixed-to-Floating Subordinated Note Due 2021 issued on June 30, 2021 
 10.12 Employment Agreement with Thomas G. Zernick, dated October 20, 2021 
 10.13 Employment Agreement with Robin L. Oliver, dated October 20, 2021 
 14.1 Code of Ethics 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of Registrant 
 23.1 Consent of FORVIS LLP 
 31.1 Principal Executive Officer s Certification required by Rule 13(a)-14(a) - filed herewith 
 31.2 Principal Financial Officer s Certification required by Rule 13(a)-14(a) - filed herewith 
 32.1 Principal Executive Officer s Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 - filed herewith 
 32.2 Principal Financial Officer s Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 - filed herewith 
 101 Financial information from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in iXBRL interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) Consolidated Statements of Income; (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income; (iv) Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity; (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (vi) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements filed herewith. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 100 

Table of Contents BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 Date: March 27, 2023 By: /s/ Anthony N. Leo Anthony N. Leo Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) Date: March 27, 2023 By: /s/ Robin L. Oliver Robin L. Oliver Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer (principal financial officer) 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Derek S. Berset 
 Derek S. Berset 
 Director 3/27/2023 /s/ Mark S. Berset 
 Mark S. Berset 
 Director 3/27/2023 /s/ Dennis R. DeLoach, III 
 Dennis R. DeLoach, III 
 
 Director 
 3/27/2023 /s/ Alexander Harris 
 Alexander Harris 
 
 Director 
 3/27/2023 /s/ Tarek Helal 
 Tarek Helal 
 Director 3/27/2023 /s/ Anthony N. Leo 
 Anthony N. Leo 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 3/27/2023 /s/ Robin L. Oliver 
 Robin L. Oliver 
 Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 3/27/2023 /s/ Christos Politis, M.D. 
 Christos Politis, M.D. 
 Director 3/27/2023 /s/ Anthony Saravanos 
 Anthony Saravanos 
 Director 3/27/2023 /s/ Bradly W. Spoor 
 Bradly W. Spoor 
 Director 3/27/2023 /s/ Sheryl WuDunn 
 Sheryl WuDunn 
 Director 3/27/2023 /s/ Thomas G. Zernick 
 Thomas G. Zernick 
 President and Director 3/27/2023 /s/ Barbara Zipperian 
 Barbara Zipperian 
 Director 3/27/2023 
 101 

<EX-10.3>
 2
 a103bayfirst2017equityince.htm
 EX-10.3

Document 

BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. AMENDED AND RESTATED 2017 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 Section 1. General Purpose of Plan Definitions. 
 The name of this plan is the BayFirst Financial Corp. Amended and Restated 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ). The Plan was approved by the Board of Directors on February 20, 2018 (the Effective Date ), adopted by the shareholders of the Company on April 11, 2018, and amended by the Board on September 27, 2022. The purpose of the Plan is to enable the Company to attract and retain highly qualified personnel who will contribute to the Company s success and to provide incentives to Participants to increase shareholder value and therefore further align the interests of the Participants with those of the shareholders to benefit all shareholders of the Company. 
 For purposes of the Plan, the following terms shall be defined as set forth below 
 (a) Administrator means the Committee, under the terms as set forth in more detail in Section 2 below and except as limited by the express provisions of the Plan or by resolutions adopted by the Board. 
 (b) Award means any award granted under the Plan as further described in Sections 6 and 7 below. 
 (c) Award Agreement means, with respect to each Award, the signed written agreement between the Company and the Participant setting forth the terms and conditions applicable to the Award. 
 (d) Board means the Board of Directors of the Company. 
 (e) Cause means as set forth in the Participant s written employment, consulting or similar agreement with the Company or, if Cause is not defined therein, or if there is no such agreement, Cause shall mean termination by the Company on account of acts or omissions of fraud, dishonesty, incompetence, willful misconduct, any breach of fiduciary duty involving personal profit, intentional failure to perform stated duties, willful violation of any law, rule, or regulation (other than traffic violations, regulations that do not adversely affect the Company or its employees, or similar offenses) or final cease-and-desist order, or material breach of any provision of an agreement with the Company. In determining incompetence, the acts or omissions shall be measured against standards generally prevailing in the community banking industry. No act or failure to act shall be considered willful unless done, or omitted to be done, not in good faith and without reasonable belief that the Participant s action or omission was in the best interest of the Company. The determination of Cause may be made by the Administrator solely for purposes of this Plan and without regard to any other purpose of the Company. 
 (f) Change in Control means the first to occur of any one of the events 
 (i) the date any Person (as such term is defined in Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act and as used in Sections 13(d)(3) and 14(d)(2) of the Exchange Act) or more than one Person acting as a group (as determined under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5)(v)(B), acquires 

1 

ownership of the stock of the Company that, together with stock held by such Person or group, constitutes more than 50 of the total fair market value or total voting power of the stock of the Company. This section applies only when there is a transfer of stock of the Company (or issuance of stock of the Company) and stock in the Company remains outstanding after the transaction 
 (ii) the date any one Person, or more than one Person acting as a group (as defined under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5)(v)(B)), acquires (or has acquired during the 12-month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such Person or Persons) ownership of stock of the Company possessing 30 or more of the total voting power of the stock of the Company 
 (iii) the date individuals who, as of the Effective Date, constituted the Board (the Incumbent Board cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board provided , however , that any individual becoming a director subsequent to the Effective Date whose election, or nomination for election by the Company s shareholders, was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board (either by a specific vote or by approval of the proxy statement of the Company in which such person is named as a nominee for director, without objection to such nomination) shall be considered as though such individual were a member-of the Incumbent Board, but excluding or this purpose any such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of either an actual or threatened election contest or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Board or 
 (iv) the date that any Person or more than one Person acting as a group (as defined under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-3(i)(5)(v)(B)) acquires (or has acquired during the 12-month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such Person or Persons) assets from the Company that have a total gross fair market value equal to or more than 40 of the total gross fair market value of all assets of the Company immediately before such acquisition or acquisitions. For this purpose, gross fair market value means the value of the assets of the Company, or the value of the assets being disposed of, determined without regard to any liabilities associated with such assets. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Change in Control shall only be deemed to have occurred if the Change in Control otherwise constitutes a change in the ownership or effective control of the Company, or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company, within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code and the regulations and rulings thereunder Section 409A ). 
 In addition, a Change in Control will not include (1) a transaction in which the holders of the outstanding voting securities of the Company immediately prior to the transaction hold at least 50 of the outstanding voting securities of the successor company immediately after the transaction (2) any transaction or series of transactions principally for bona fide equity financing purposes in which cash is received by the Company or any successor company or indebtedness of the Company is cancelled or converted or a combination thereof, (3) a sale, lease, 

2 

exchange or other transfer of all or substantially all of the Company s assets to a majority-owned subsidiary of the Company or (4) a transaction undertaken for the principal purpose of restructuring the capital of the Company, including, but not limited to, reincorporating the Company in a different jurisdiction. Also, when a Change in Control occurs due to a series of related transaction, the Change in Control is deemed to have occurred upon consummation of the last of the related transactions. 
 (g) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including any applicable regulations and guidance thereunder. 
 (h) Committee means the Compensation Committee of the Board or, if applicable, any other committee the Board may appoint to administer the Plan. If at any time or to any extent the Committee shall not administer the Plan, then the functions of the Administrator specified in the Plan may be exercised by the Board. The Committee shall be comprised of three or more non-employee directors as defined in Rule 16b-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and independent directors as defined by NASDAQ Listing Rule 5605(a)(2). 
 (i) Common Stock or Stock means the common stock, par value 1.00 per share, of the Company. 
 (j) Company means BayFirst Financial Corp. (f k a First Home Bancorp, Inc.), a Florida corporation (or any successor corporation that assumes this Plan, either contractually or by operation of law). 
 (k) Eligible Recipient means an officer, director, employee, consultant, or advisor (including a member of an advisory board) of the Company or any subsidiary of the Company. 
 (l) Exercise Price means the per share price at which a Participant holding an Award of Options may purchase Shares issuable with respect to such Award of Options, if any. 
 (m) Fair Market Value on any date shall mean 
 (i) If the Common Stock is readily tradable on an established securities market (as defined in Treasury Regulation 1.897-1(m)) (other than if the Common Stock is quoted on an over-the-counter market), the closing sales price of the Common Stock on such date, or if there is no reported closing sales price on such date, the next preceding date on which there was a reported closing sales price or 
 (ii) If the Common Stock is not readily tradable on an established securities market (as defined in Treasury Regulation 1.897-1(m)), the fair market value as determined in good faith by the Board or the Committee by application of a reasonable valuation method consistently applied and taking into consideration all available information material to the value of the Company factors to be considered may include, as applicable, independent third party valuations of the Common Stock, trading activity of the Common Stock known by the Board or the Committee, whether on the over-the-counter market or through private 

3 

transactions, the value of the tangible and intangible assets of the Company, the present value of future cash-flows of the Company, the market value of stock or equity interests in similar corporations which can be readily determined through objective means (such as through trading prices on an established securities market or an amount paid in an arm s length private transaction), and other relevant factors such as control premiums or discounts for lack of marketability. For purposes of the foregoing, a valuation prepared in accordance with any of the methods set forth in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(5)(vi)(B)(2) consistently used, shall be rebuttably presumed to result in a reasonable valuation. This paragraph is intended to comply with the definition of fair market value contained in Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(b)(5)(iv) and should be interpreted consistently therewith. 
 (n) Grant Date means the date on which the Administrator completes the corporate action authorizing the grant of an Award. Corporate action constituting a grant by the Administrator of an Award to any Participant shall be deemed completed as of the date of such corporate action, unless otherwise determined by the Administrator, regardless of when the instrument, certificate, or letter evidencing the Award is communicated to, or actually received or accepted by, the Participant. 
 (o) Incentive Stock Option or ISO means any Option intended to qualify as an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code. 
 (p) Nonqualified Stock Option or NQSO means any Option that is not an Incentive Stock Option, including any Option that provides (as of the time such Option is granted) that it will not be treated as an Incentive Stock Option. 
 (q) Option means an option to purchase Shares granted pursuant to Section 6 
 of the Plan. 
 (r) Other Stock-Based Award means a right granted pursuant to Section 8 of 
 the Plan that relates to or is valued by reference to Shares or other Awards relating to Shares. 
 (s) Participant means any Eligible Recipient selected by the Administrator, pursuant to the Administrator s authority in Section 2 of the Plan, to receive an Award. 
 (t) Participating Employer means any member of the following group, which includes the Company, if such member agrees, in writing, to be bound by the terms of the Plan 
 (i) a controlled group of corporations, within the meaning of Code Section 414(b), 
 (ii) a group of trades or businesses under common control, within the meaning of Code Section 414(c), 
 (iii) an affiliated service group, within the meaning of Code Section 414(m), or 
 (iv) a trade or business required to be aggregated pursuant to Code Section 414(o). 

4 

Each Participating Employer is identified in Appendix A . The Company shall amend Appendix A as needed to reflect a Participating Employer s adoption of the Plan or withdrawal from the Plan, without any need to otherwise amend the Plan. Amendment of Appendix A may be made by any authorized officer or designated representative of the Company and shall not require approval of the Board. 
 (u) Performance Goals means the performance goals established by the Administrator in connection with the grant of Awards. Performance Goals may be based upon any individual Participant or Company criteria or metric that the Administrator may determine, including, but not limited to, the attainment of specified levels of one or more of the following measures stock price, earnings (including earnings before taxes, earnings before interest and taxes or earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization), prescribed rating, earnings per share, operating earnings per share, return on equity, return on assets or operating assets, percentage of non-performing assets, asset quality, level of classified assets, net interest margin, loan portfolio growth, efficiency ratio, deposit portfolio growth, liquidity, market share, objective customer service measures or indices, economic value added, shareholder value added, embedded value added, combined ratio, pre- or after-tax income, net income, cash flow (before or after dividends), cash flow per share (before or after dividends), gross margin, risk-based capital, revenues, revenue growth, return on capital (including return on total capital or return on invested capital), cash flow return on investment, cost control, gross profit, operating profit, cash generation, unit volume, sales, asset quality, cost saving levels, market-spending efficiency, core non-interest income or change in working capital, in each case with respect to the Company or any one or more subsidiaries, divisions, business units or business segments thereof, either in absolute terms or relative to the performance of one or more other companies (including an index covering multiple companies). Performance for any goal can be measured on an absolute basis (i.e., versus the Company s budget or prior year result) or relative to a peer group or industry index, as well as over a one-year or multi-year period. In any event, the Administrator shall have the authority to adjust any Performance Goal for unusual or non-recurring events 
 (v) Performance Period is a period not less than one calendar year, beginning not earlier than the year in which such Performance Award is granted, which may be referred to herein and by the Administrator by use of the calendar year in which a particular Performance Period commences provided , however , that the Administrator shall have the authority to adjust a Performance Period for unusual or non-recurring events to a period of not less than six months. 
 (w) Permanent and Total Disability shall have the same meaning as given to that term by Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(4) and any regulations or rulings promulgated thereunder. 
 (x) Restricted Stock means Shares subject to certain restrictions granted pursuant to Section 7 of the Plan. 
 (y) Restricted Stock Unit means a right granted pursuant to Section 7 of the Plan and denominated in Shares that will be settled, subject to the terms and conditions of the Restricted Stock Units, in cash, Shares, or a combination of both, based upon the Fair Market Value of a specified number of Shares. 
 (z) Shares means shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance under the Plan, as adjusted pursuant to Sections 3 or 4 of the Plan, and any successor security. 

5 

(aa) Substitute Awards means Awards granted or shares of Common Stock issued by the Company in substitution or exchange for awards previously granted by an Acquired Entity. 
 (bb) Treasury Regulations means regulations promulgated by the United States Department of Treasury pursuant to the Code, including proposed or temporary regulations as applicable. 
 Section 2. Administration. 
 The Plan shall be administered by the Administrator. Pursuant to the terms of the Plan, the Committee shall serve as the Administrator and shall have the power and authority 
 (a) to select those Eligible Recipients who shall be Participants 
 (b) to determine whether and the extent to which Awards are to be granted to Participants under the Plan 
 (c) to determine the number of Shares to be covered by or subject to each Award granted under the Plan 
 (d) to determine the terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, of each Award granted under the Plan and 
 (e) to determine the terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, that shall govern all written instruments evidencing Awards granted under the Plan, including Award Agreements. 
 The Administrator shall have the authority, in its sole discretion, to adopt, alter, and repeal such administrative rules, guidelines and practices governing the Plan as it shall from time to time deem advisable correct any defect, supply any omission, reconcile any inconsistency, and resolve any ambiguity in, and otherwise interpret, the terms and provisions of the Plan and any Award issued under the Plan (and any Award Agreement relating thereto) and otherwise supervise the administration of the Plan. All decisions made by the Administrator pursuant to the provisions of the Plan shall be final, conclusive and binding on all persons, including the Company and the Participants. Except to the extent prohibited by applicable law, the Administrator may delegate to one or more individuals the day-to-day administration of the Plan and any of the functions assigned to it in this Plan. Such delegation may be revoked at any time. 
 Notwithstanding the above, and subject to Sections 3, 4, 6, 9, 10 and 13, outstanding Options granted under the Plan shall not be repriced without approval by the Company s shareholders. In particular, neither the Board nor the Administrator may take any action (1) to amend the terms of an outstanding Option to reduce the Exercise Price thereof, cancel an Option and replace it with a new Option with a lower Exercise Price, or that has an economic effect that is the same as any such reduction or cancellation or (2) to cancel an outstanding Option having an Exercise Price above the then-current Fair Market Value of the Stock in exchange for the grant of another type of Award, without, in each such case, first obtaining approval of the shareholders of the Company of such action. 

6 

Section 3. Shares Subject to the Plan. 
 Subject to Section 4 of the Plan, the total number of Shares reserved and available for issuance under the Plan shall be 15 of the total number of shares of Company common stock issued and outstanding from time to time provided the maximum aggregate number of reserved shares shall not exceed 1,000,000 shares. Such Shares may consist in whole or in part, of authorized and unissued shares or treasury shares. At all times the Company shall reserve and keep available a sufficient number of shares as shall be required to satisfy the requirements of all outstanding Options under the Plan. No fractional Shares shall be issued or delivered pursuant to the Plan. The Administrator shall determine whether cash, additional Awards or other securities or property shall be issued or paid in lieu of fractional Shares or whether any fractional shares should be rounded, forfeited or otherwise eliminated. 
 (a) Reissuance of Shares . Shares of Common Stock covered by an Award shall not be counted as used unless and until they are actually issued and delivered to a Participant. If any Award lapses, expires, terminates or is canceled prior to the issuance of shares thereunder or if shares of Common Stock covered by an Award are settled in cash in a manner that some or all of the shares covered by the Award are not issued, the shares subject to such Awards and the unissued shares resulting from the cash settlement shall again be available for issuance under the Plan. If any shares of Common Stock subject to an Award are not delivered to a Participant because the Award is exercised through a reduction of shares subject to the Award (i.e., net exercised ), including if the tax withholding obligations relating to any Award are satisfied by delivering Shares of Common Stock (either actually or through attestation) or withholding Shares of Common Stock relating to such Award, the number of shares of Common Stock that are not delivered to the Participant shall no longer be available for issuance under the Plan. For the sake of clarification, any shares of Common Stock reacquired by the Company pursuant to Section 6 upon the exercise of an Option or as consideration for the exercise of an Option shall no longer be available for issuance under the Plan. The number of shares of Common Stock available for issuance under the Plan shall not be reduced to reflect any dividends that are reinvested into additional shares of Common Stock or credited as additional shares of Common stock subject to or paid with respect to an Award. 
 (b) Performance Goals . The Administrator, in its discretion, may set restrictions based upon the achievement of Performance Goals. The Administrator also has the authority to provide for accelerated vesting of any Award based on the achievement of Performance Goals pursuant to the performance criteria specified for such Award. In the event that applicable tax and or securities laws change to permit the Administrator discretion to alter the governing performance criteria without obtaining shareholder approval of such changes, the Administrator shall have sole discretion to make such changes without obtaining shareholder approval. 
 (c) Substitute Awards . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, the Administrator may grant Substitute Awards under the Plan. In the event that a written agreement between the Company and an Acquired Entity pursuant to which a merger or consolidation is completed and approved by the Board and that agreement sets forth the terms and conditions of the substitution for or assumption of outstanding awards of the Acquired Entity, those terms and conditions shall be deemed to be the action of the Administrator without 

7 

any further action by the Administrator, and the persons holding such awards shall be deemed to be Participants with respect to the Substitute Awards. 
 (d) Administrator s Discretion to Accelerate Vesting of Awards . Except upon the occurrence of a Change in Control (which is governed by the provisions of Section 10 hereof), the Administrator may, in its discretion and as of a date determined by the Administrator, fully vest any or all Awards awarded to a Participant pursuant to an Award and, upon such vesting, all vesting restrictions applicable to such Award shall terminate as of such date. Any action by the Administrator pursuant to this section may vary among individual Participants and may vary among the Awards held by any individual Participant. 
 (e) Forfeiture of Awards Clawback of Shares . If the Company s or any of its financial institution subsidiaries capital falls below the minimum requirements contained in 12 CFR Section 3 or below a higher requirement as determined by the Company s or such subsidiary s primary bank regulatory agency, such agency may direct the Company to require Participants to exercise or forfeit some or all of their Awards. All Awards granted under this Plan are subject to the terms of any such directive. In addition, Awards granted under this Plan within the prior two years of the event described in subsections (i)-(iii) below shall be forfeited and the Participant shall be obligated to repay the value realized, if any, from the conversion of Awards into shares of Stock under the following circumstances 
 (i) Termination of employment or service for Cause 
 (ii) A restatement of financial results attributable to the Participant s actions, whether intentional or negligent and 
 (iii) The Administrator determines that Award vesting was based on incorrect performance measurement calculations. In such event, vesting (and recoupment, if applicable) will be adjusted consistent with the actual, corrected results. 
 Notwithstanding the forgoing sentence, the Administrator shall have the authority, in its sole discretion, to not enforce the foregoing clawback of Shares if it determines that such clawback would not be in the best interest of the Company and its shareholders. 
 Section 4. Corporate Transactions. 
 Subject to the provisions of Section 10 hereof relating to a Change in Control, in the event of any merger, consolidation, combination, reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, extraordinary cash dividend, stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, or other change in corporate structure, the Administrator shall make an equitable substitution or proportionate adjustment in (i) the aggregate number of Shares reserved for issuance under the Plan, and (ii) the kind, number, and Exercise Price of Shares (or other cash or property) issuable with respect to outstanding Options granted under the Plan (which may become, without limitation, shares of an acquiring entity or other successor corporation that assumes this Plan), and (iii) the kind and number of Shares subject to any outstanding Awards of Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units granted under the Plan (which may become, without limitation, shares of an acquiring entity or other successor corporation that assumes this Plan), in each case as may be determined by the Administrator, in its sole discretion provided , that with respect to ISOs, any adjustment shall be made in accordance with the provisions of Section 424(h) of the Code and any regulations or guidance promulgated thereunder and provided , further , that no such 

8 

adjustment shall cause any Award hereunder which is or becomes subject to Section 409A of the Code to fail to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. 
 Section 5. Eligibility. 
 The Participants under the Plan shall be selected from time to time by the Administrator, in its sole discretion, from among the Eligible Recipients. Participation in the Plan through receipt of an Award in any year does not guarantee a Participant participation in future years or participation at the same level. The Administrator shall have the authority to grant Awards under the Plan to the Eligible Recipients provided , however , that only current employees of the Company and any Participating Employer may be granted ISOs. 
 Section 6. Options. 
 Options may be granted alone or in addition to other Awards granted under the Plan. Any Option granted under the Plan shall be substantially in the form as the Administrator may from time to time approve, and the provisions of each Option need not be the same with respect to each Participant. Participants who are granted Options shall enter into an Award Agreement with the Company in such form as the Administrator shall determine, which Award Agreement shall set forth, among other things, the Exercise Price of the Option, the term of the Option and provisions regarding exercisability of the Option granted in connection with such Award Agreement. 
 Options granted under the Plan may be of two types (i) Incentive Stock Options and (ii) Nonqualified Stock Options. If and to the extent any Option granted under the Plan intended to qualify as an ISO does not qualify as an ISO, such Option shall constitute a separate NQSO. A grant of an ISO can only be made to an Eligible Recipient who is also an employee within the meaning of Section 422(a)(2) of the Code. 
 Options granted under the Plan shall be subject to the following terms and conditions and shall contain such additional terms and conditions, not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan, as the Administrator shall deem desirable 
 (a) Option Exercise Price . The Exercise Price of Shares issuable with respect to an Option shall be determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion, provided , however , that such Exercise Price shall not be less than 100 of the Fair Market Value on the Grant Date, except in the case of Substitute Awards. If a Participant owns or is deemed to own (by reason of the attribution rules applicable under Section 424(d) of the Code) more than 10 of the combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any subsidiary and an ISO is granted to such Participant, the Exercise Price of such ISO shall be no less than 110 of the Fair Market Value on the Grant Date of such Option. 
 (b) Option Term . The term of each Option shall be fixed by the Administrator, but no Option shall be exercisable more than 10 years after the Grant Date of such Option provided , however , that if an employee owns or is deemed to own (by reason of the attribution rules of Section 424(d) of the Code) more than 10 of the combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any subsidiary and an ISO is granted to such employee, the term of such ISO (to the extent required by the Code at the time of grant) shall be no more than five years from the Grant Date. 
 (c) Exercisability . Options shall be exercisable at such time or times and subject to such terms and conditions as shall be determined by the Administrator at the time of 

9 

grant. Specifically, such terms and conditions may include (i) the attainment of one or more Performance Goals established by the Administrator, (ii) the Participant s continued employment with the Company or any subsidiary, or continued service as a director, consultant or advisor of the Company or any subsidiary, for a specified period of time, (iii) the occurrence of any other event or the satisfaction of any other condition specified by the Administrator in its sole discretion, or 
 (i) a combination of any of the foregoing. The Administrator may provide that any Option shall be exercisable only in installments, and the Administrator may waive such installment exercise provisions at any time, in whole or in part, based on such factors as the Administrator may determine, all in its sole discretion. An Option designated as an Incentive Stock Option shall cease to qualify for favorable tax treatment as an Incentive Stock Option to the extent it is exercised (if permitted by the terms of the Option) (1) more than three months after the date of a Participant s termination of employment if termination was for reasons other than death or disability, (2) more than one year after the date of a Participant s termination of employment if termination was by reason of death or disability, or (3) more than six months following the first day of a Participant s leave of absence that exceeds three months, unless the Participant s reemployment rights are guaranteed by statute or contract. 
 (d) Method of Exercise . Subject to Sections 6(c) and 9 of the Plan, vested Options may be exercised in whole or in part at any time during the Option term, by giving notice as described in the applicable Award Agreement. As determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion, payment in whole or in part may also be made (i) to the extent permitted by applicable law, by means of any cashless exercise procedure approved by the Administrator, including by means of a net exercise whereby the Company issues Shares reduced by the number of Shares needed to satisfy the Exercise Price and or the Participant s tax withholding obligations (ii) in the form of unrestricted shares of Common Stock already owned by the Participant (based on the Fair Market Value on the date the Option is exercised) provided , however , that in the case of an ISO, the right to make payment in the form of already owned shares of Common Stock may be authorized only at the time of grant (iii) any other form of consideration approved by the Administrator and permitted by applicable law or (iv) any combination of the foregoing. A Participant shall generally have the rights to dividends and any other rights of a shareholder with respect to the Shares subject to the Option only after the Participant has given written notice of exercise, has paid in full for such Shares, and, if requested, has given the representation described in paragraph (b) of Section 13 of the Plan. 
 (e) Non-Transferability of Options . Except as otherwise provided in the Award Agreement and subject to Section 9 of the Plan, Options may not be sold, pledged, assigned, hypothecated, transferred, or disposed of in any manner other than by will, or by the laws of descent and distribution, except that NQSOs may be transferred if and to the extent set forth in an Award Agreement. 
 (f) Annual Limit on Incentive Stock Options . To the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined as of the Grant Date of the ISO) of Shares with respect to which ISOs granted to a Participant under this Plan and all other equity compensation plans of the Company or any subsidiary become exercisable for the first time by the Participant during any calendar year exceeds 100,000 (as determined in accordance with Section 422(d) of the Code), the number of Shares attributable to the amount of such Fair Market Value exceeding 100,000 

10 

shall be treated as issuable with respect to NQSOs. The maximum aggregate number of shares of Stock that may be subject to ISOs that may be granted under the Plan shall be 30,000 shares. 
 (g) Taxation of Incentive Stock Options . 
 (i) In order to obtain certain tax benefits afforded to Incentive Stock Options under Section 422 of the Code, the Participant must hold the shares acquired upon the exercise of an Incentive Stock Option for two years after the Grant Date and one year after the date of exercise. 
 (ii) A Participant may be subject to the alternative minimum tax at the time of exercise of an Incentive Stock Option. The Participant shall give the Company prompt notice of any disposition of shares acquired on the exercise of an Incentive Stock Option prior to the expiration of such holding periods described in 
 (i) above. 
 (h) Certain Successor Options . To the extent not inconsistent with the terms, limitations and conditions of Section 422 of the Code and any regulations promulgated with respect thereto, an Option issued in respect of an option held by an employee to acquire stock of any entity acquired, by merger or otherwise, by the Company (or any subsidiary of the Company) may contain terms that differ from those stated in this Section 6, but solely to the extent necessary to preserve for any such employee the rights and benefits contained in such predecessor option, or to satisfy the requirements of Section 424(a) of the Code. 
 (i) Code Definitions . For purposes of this Section 6, disability, parent corporation and subsidiary corporation shall have the meanings attributed to those terms for purposes of Section 422 of the Code. 
 (j) Non-Exempt Employees . No Option, whether or not vested, granted to an Participant who is a non-exempt employee for purposes of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, as amended, shall be first exercisable for any shares of Common Stock until at least six months following the date of grant of the Option. Notwithstanding the foregoing, consistent with the provisions of the Worker Economic Opportunity Act, (i) in the event of the Participant s death or Disability, (ii) upon a corporate transaction as described in Section 4 in which such Option is not assumed, continued, or substituted, or (iii) upon a Change in Control, any such vested Options may be exercised earlier than six months following the date of grant. The foregoing provision is intended to operate so that any income derived by a non-exempt employee in connection with the exercise or vesting of an Option will be exempt from his or her regular rate of pay. 
 Section 7. Restricted Stock Restricted Stock Units. 
 (a) General . Awards of Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units may be granted either alone or in addition to other Awards granted under the Plan. The Administrator shall determine the Eligible Recipients to whom, and the time or times at which, awards of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units shall be made the number of Shares to be awarded with respect to an Award of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units and the Restricted Period (as defined in Section 7(c) of this Plan) applicable to an Award of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units. Award Agreements with respect to Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units shall be in such form as the Administrator may from time to time approve, and the provisions of 

11 

Awards of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units need not be the same with respect to each Participant. An Award of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units shall be subject to such terms and conditions not inconsistent with the Plan as the Administrator shall impose and shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement. 
 (b) Stock Certificates . Subject to Section 7(c) below, with respect to each Participant who is granted an Award of Restricted Stock, the Company shall either (i) issue a stock certificate in respect of such Award of Restricted Stock, which certificate shall be registered in the name of the Participant and shall bear an appropriate legend referring to the terms, conditions, and restrictions applicable to such Award of Restricted Stock or (ii) enter such Award of Restricted Stock in book entry form (with appropriate restrictions noted with respect thereto), such method to be determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion. The Company may require that any stock certificates evidencing Restricted Stock granted under the Plan be held in the custody of the Company until the restrictions thereon shall have lapsed, and that, as a condition of any Award of Restricted Stock, the Participant shall have delivered a stock power, endorsed in blank, relating to the Shares covered by such Award of Restricted Stock. 
 (c) Restrictions and Conditions Applicable to Restricted Stock . An Award of Restricted Stock granted pursuant to this Section 7 shall be subject to the following restrictions and conditions 
 (i) Subject to the provisions of the Plan and the Award Agreement governing any such Award of Restricted Stock, during such period as may be set by the Administrator commencing on the date of grant of the Award, the Participant shall not be permitted to sell, transfer, pledge, or assign such Shares of Restricted Stock (such period, the Restricted Period provided, however, that the Administrator may, in its sole discretion, provide for the lapse of such restrictions in installments and may accelerate or waive such restrictions in whole or in part based on such factors and such circumstances as the Administrator may determine, in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding the preceding provision of this section, the Administrator may not take any action described in this section if such action shall cause any Award hereunder which is or becomes subject to Section 409A of the Code to fail to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. Such restrictions shall be determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion, and the Administrator may provide that such restrictions lapse upon (1) the attainment of one or more Performance Goals established by the Administrator, (2) the Participant s continued employment with the Company or any subsidiary, or continued service as a director, consultant or advisor of the Company or any subsidiary, for a specified period of time, (3) the occurrence of any other event or the satisfaction of any other condition specified by the Administrator in its sole discretion, or (4) a combination of any of the foregoing. 
 (ii) Subject to paragraph (b) of Section 12 of the Plan and or unless otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, a Participant awarded Restricted Stock under the Plan generally shall have the rights of a shareholder of the Company with respect to such Restricted Stock during the Restricted Period (including, without limitation, the right to vote the Restricted Stock and to receive dividends thereon). 

12 

(iii) If a Participant makes an election pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Code, the Participant shall be required to file promptly a copy of such election form with the Company. 
 (d) Terms and Conditions for Restricted Stock Units . The Administrator shall, prior to or at the time of grant, condition the vesting of Restricted Stock Units upon the (i) continued service of the applicable Participant, (ii) the attainment of Performance Goals, or (iii) the attainment of Performance Goals and the continued service of the applicable Participant. The conditions for grant or vesting and the other provisions of Restricted Stock Units (including without limitation any applicable Performance Goals) need not be the same with respect to each Participant. An Award of Restricted Stock Units shall be settled as and when the Restricted Stock Units vest, or, after consultation with Company legal counsel, at a later time specified by the Administrator in the applicable Agreement. In addition, subject to the provisions of this Plan and the applicable Agreement, during the restriction period, if any, set by the Administrator, the Participant shall not be permitted to sell, assign, transfer, pledge or otherwise encumber Restricted Stock Units. A Participant shall have no voting or dividend rights with respect to any Restricted Stock Units granted hereunder. 
 Section 8. Stock or Other Stock-Based Awards. The Administrator is authorized, subject to limitations under applicable law, to grant to Participants such other Awards that are 
 payable in, valued in whole or in part by reference to, or otherwise based on or related to Shares, as deemed by the Administrator to be consistent with the purposes of the Plan, including without limitation Shares awarded purely as a bonus and not subject to any restrictions or conditions, stock appreciation rights, performance awards, performance units, phantom stock, dividend equivalents or similar rights to purchase or acquire Shares, convertible or exchangeable debt securities, other rights convertible or exchangeable into Shares, and Awards valued by reference to book value of Shares or the value of securities of or the performance of specified Parents or Subsidiaries. The Administrator shall determine the terms and conditions of such Awards. The maximum value of cash-settled awards that may be paid or payable in any calendar year to any one Participant shall be 50,000. 
 Section 9. Termination of Employment or Service. 
 Unless otherwise set forth in Section 13 of the Plan and subject to Section 10 below, or as may otherwise be set forth in an Award Agreement, if a Participant s employment with or service as an officer, director, employee, consultant, or advisor of the Company or of any subsidiary (a) terminates for any reason and on the date of termination of employment or service the Participant is not vested as to his or her entire Award, the Shares issuable with respect to the unvested portion of such Award shall be forfeited and (b) terminates for the reasons described below and on the date of termination of employment or service the Participant is vested as to any Options, then if such termination is (i) by reason of his or her death or Permanent and Total Disability, any vested Option may thereafter be exercised for a period of twelve months following termination of employment or service (ii) for Cause, then any vested Option shall cease to be exercisable and shall terminate or (iii) for any other reason than listed in subsections (b)(i) and (b)(ii) above, then any vested Option may thereafter be exercised for a period of three months following termination of employment or service. If, and to the extent that, after termination of employment or service, the Participant does not exercise his or her Option within the applicable time stated above, the unexercised Option shall terminate. 

13 

Section 10. Change in Control. 
 Unless otherwise determined in an Award Agreement, in the event of a Change in Control 
 (a) Effective immediately prior to the occurrence of the Change in Control, (i) each outstanding Award shall become fully vested and, if applicable, exercisable, (ii) the restrictions and forfeiture conditions applicable to any such Award granted shall lapse, and (iii) any performance conditions imposed with respect to Awards shall be deemed to be fully achieved. 
 (b) The Administrator may notify all Participants that all outstanding Awards shall be assumed by the acquiring entity or substituted on an equitable basis with awards issued by the acquiring entity. For purposes of this Section 10, an Award shall be considered assumed or substituted for if, following the Change in Control, the Award remains subject to the same terms and conditions that were applicable to the Award immediately prior to the Change in Control except that, if the Award related to Shares, the Award instead confers the right to receive common stock or other securities of the acquiring entity. 
 (c) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, in the event of a Change in Control, except as would otherwise result in adverse tax consequences under Section 409A of the Code, the Board may, in its sole discretion, provide that each Award shall, immediately upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, be cancelled in exchange for a payment in cash or securities in an amount equal to (i) the excess (if any) of the consideration paid per Share in the Change in Control (as determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion) over the exercise or purchase price (if any) per Share subject to the Award multiplied by (ii) the number of Shares subject to the Award (if the consideration paid per share in the Change in Control is deemed by the Administrator to be less than the Exercise Price or purchase price (if any) per Share subject to an Award, then such Awards may be deemed to have been paid in full and canceled by the Administrator). 
 Section 11. Amendment and Termination. 
 The Board may amend, alter, or discontinue the Plan, but no amendment, alteration, or discontinuation that would materially impair the rights of a Participant under any Award granted or Award Agreement in effect under the Plan shall be made without such Participant s consent. The Administrator may accept surrender of outstanding Awards and grant new Awards in substitution for them provided , that the Administrator will not, without prior shareholder approval, exchange underwater Options or otherwise modify the exercise price or purchase price of any Option or Award that has the effect of being a repricing. To the extent necessary and desirable, approval of the Company s shareholders shall be obtained for any amendment that would 
 (a) increase the total number of Shares reserved for issuance under the Plan or 
 (b) change the class of officers, directors, employees, consultants, and advisors eligible to participate in the Plan. 
 The Administrator may amend the terms of any Award granted under the Plan, prospectively or retroactively, but, subject to Section 4 of the Plan, no such amendment shall impair the rights of any Participant without his or her consent. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, the Administrator reserves the right to amend the terms of any Award or Award 

14 

Agreement as may be necessary or appropriate to avoid adverse tax consequences under Section 409A of the Code, to comply with any requirements under the forfeiture provisions set forth in Section 3(j) of the Plan, to comply with the requirements in the Company s clawback policy regarding incentive compensation, or to comply with such clawback requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 or the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, as amended from time to time, or to maintain the qualified status of any ISO. 
 Section 12. Unfunded Status of Plan. 
 The Plan is intended to constitute an unfunded plan. With respect to any payments not yet made to a Participant by the Company, nothing contained herein shall give any such Participant any rights that are greater than those of a general unsecured creditor of the Company. 
 Section 13. General Provisions. 
 (a) Shares shall not be issued pursuant to the exercise or settlement of any Award granted under the Plan unless the exercise or settlement of such Award and the issuance and delivery of such Shares pursuant to such Award shall comply with all relevant provisions of law, including, without limitation, the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, withholding tax requirements and the requirements of any stock exchange upon which the Common Stock may then be listed, and shall be further subject to the approval of counsel for the Company with respect to such compliance. The Company may rely on an opinion of its counsel as to such compliance. Any share certificate issued to evidence Common Stock for which an Award is exercised or issued may bear such legends and statements as the Administrator may deem advisable to assure compliance with Federal and state laws and regulations. 
 (b) The Administrator may require each person acquiring Shares granted under the Plan to represent to and agree with the Company in writing that such person is acquiring the Shares without a view to distribution thereof. All certificates for Shares delivered under the Plan shall be subject to such stock-transfer orders and other restrictions as the Administrator may deem advisable under the rules, regulations, and other requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission, any stock exchange upon which the Common Stock is then listed, and any applicable Federal or state securities law. The certificates for such Shares may include the legend set forth below, or any other legend that the Administrator deems appropriate to reflect any restrictions on transfer for such Shares. 
 THE ISSUANCE OF THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAS NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933. THE SHARES HAVE BEEN ACQUIRED FOR INVESTMENT AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, TRANSFERRED OR ASSIGNED IN THE ABSENCE OF EITHER AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR THESE SHARES UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL THAT REGISTRATION IS NOT REQUIRED UNDER THE ACT. 
 (c) Nothing contained in the Plan shall prevent the Board from adopting other or additional compensation arrangements. The adoption of the Plan or granting of an Award shall not confer upon any Eligible Recipient any right to continued employment with or service to the Company or any subsidiary, as the case may be, nor shall it interfere in any way with the right of 

15 

the Company or any subsidiary to terminate the employment or service of any Eligible Recipient at any time. 
 (d) Unless otherwise set forth in an applicable Award Agreement, a Participant may elect, no later than the date as of which the value of an Award becomes includible in the gross income of the Participant for Federal income tax purposes (the withholding date ), to have the Company withhold vested whole shares of Common Stock deliverable upon the exercise of an Option or the vesting of the Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units to satisfy (in whole or in part) the amount, if any, that the Company or any subsidiary is required to withhold for taxes provided , however , that the amount of shares of Common Stock so withheld shall have a Fair Market Value (as of the withholding date) that is not in excess of the amount determined by the Company to be equal to the applicable minimum statutorily required withholding tax payments. Any such election shall be irrevocable. 
 To the extent that a Participant does not make such an election, or such election does not fully satisfy such minimum statutorily required withholding tax payments, then (x) the Company may require that the Participant pay to the Company, or make arrangements satisfactory to the Company regarding payment of, any Federal, state, or local taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld with respect to such Award, as a condition of the exercise of any Option, (y) the Company may withhold vested whole shares of Common Stock deliverable upon exercise of an Option or vesting of the Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units to satisfy (in whole or in part) the amount, if any, that the Company or any subsidiary is required to withhold for taxes provided , however , that the amount of shares of Common Stock so withheld shall have a Fair Market Value (as of the withholding date) that is not in excess of the amount determined by the Company to be equal to the applicable minimum statutorily required withholding tax payments, and (z) the Company shall have the right to deduct from any payment of any kind otherwise due to a Participant up to an amount equal to any federal, state or local taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld in connection with the granting, vesting or exercise of an Award (not to exceed the amount determined by the Company to be the applicable minimum statutorily required withholding tax payments). Upon request, the Participant shall reimburse the Company for any taxes that the Company withholds that are not otherwise reimbursed as contemplated above in this Section 13(d). 
 (e) No member of the Board or the Administrator, nor any officer or employee of the Company acting on behalf of the Board or the Administrator, shall be personally liable for any action, determination, or interpretation taken or made in good faith with respect to the Plan, and all members of the Board or the Administrator and each and any officer or employee of the Company acting on their behalf shall, to the extent permitted by law, be fully indemnified and protected by the Company in respect of any such action, determination, or interpretation. 
 (f) If a Participant is an officer or director of the Company within the meaning of Section 16, Awards granted hereunder shall be subject to all conditions required under Rule 16b-3, or any successor rule(s) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, to qualify the Award for any exemption from the provisions of Section 16 available under such Rule. Such conditions are hereby incorporated herein by reference and shall be set forth in the agreement with the Participant, which describes the Award. 
 (g) The Company shall be under no obligation to effect the registration pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 of any shares of Stock to be issued hereunder or to effect 

16 

similar compliance under any state laws. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company shall not be obligated to cause to be issued or delivered any shares of Stock pursuant to the Plan unless and until the Company is advised by its counsel that the issuance and delivery of such shares is in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations or governmental authority and the requirements of any securities exchange on which shares of Stock are traded or any over-the- counter market on which the Stock is quoted. The Administrator may require, as a condition of the issuance and delivery of shares of Stock pursuant to the terms hereof, that the recipient of such shares make such covenants, agreements and representations, and that such shares, if certificated, bear such legends, and if dematerialized, be so restricted, in each case, as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, deems necessary or desirable. 
 Section 14. Section 409A of the Code. 
 Notwithstanding any provision in the Plan to the contrary, no payment or distribution under this Plan that constitutes an item of deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code and becomes payable by reason of a Participant s termination of employment or service with the Company will be made to such Participant unless such Participant s termination of employment or service constitutes a separation from service (as defined in Section 409A of the Code). For purposes of this Plan, each amount to be paid or benefit to be provided shall be construed as a separate identified payment for purposes of Section 409A of the Code. If a participant is a specified employee (as defined in Section 409A of the Code), then to the extent necessary to avoid the imposition of taxes under Section 409A of the Code, such Participant shall not be entitled to any payments which are deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Code upon a termination of his or her employment or service until the earlier of (i) the expiration of the six-month period measured from the date of such Participant s separation from service or (ii) the date of such Participant s death. Upon the expiration of the applicable waiting period set forth in the preceding sentence, all payments and benefits deferred pursuant to this Section 14 (whether they would have otherwise been payable in a single lump sum or in installments in the absence of such deferral) shall be paid to such Participant in a lump sum as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 60 calendar days, following such expired period, and any remaining payments due under this Plan will be paid in accordance with the normal payment dates specified for them herein. 
 Section 15. Notice. 
 All notices, requests, waivers, and other communications required or permitted hereunder shall in writing and shall be either personally delivered, sent by reputable overnight courier service or mailed by first class mail, return receipt requested, or by email or other form of electronic transmission, each against receipt therefore, to the recipient at the address below 
 BayFirst Financial Corp. 
 700 Central Avenue, Suite 102 St. Petersburg, FL 33701 
 Attention Compensation Committee Chairman 
 or such other address or the attention of such other person as the recipient party shall have specified by prior written notice to the sending party, or sent by other electronic means. All such notices, requests, waivers and other communications shall be deemed to have been effectively given (a) when personally delivered to the party to be notified (b) when sent by confirmed 

17 

facsimile, email or other form of electronic transmission to the party to be notified (c) five (5) business days after deposit in the United States Mail postage prepared by certified or registered mail with return receipt requested at any time other than during a general discontinuance of postal service due to strike, lockout, or otherwise (in which case such notice, request, waiver or other communication shall be effectively given upon receipt) and addressed to the party to be notified as set forth above or (d) two (2) business days after deposit with a national overnight delivery service, postage prepaid, addressed to the party to be notified as set forth above with next-business-day delivery guaranteed. A party may change its or his notice address given above by giving the other party ten (10) days written notice of the new address in the manner set forth above. 
 Section 16. Governing Law and Interpretation. 
 The Plan and all Awards made and actions taken thereunder shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida, without reference to principles of conflict of laws. 
 Section 17. Severability. 
 If, for any reason, any provision of this Plan is held invalid, such invalidity shall not affect any other provision of this Plan not held so invalid, and each such other provision shall to the full extent consistent with law continue in full force and effect. If any provision of this Plan shall be held invalid in part, such invalidity shall in no way affect the rest of such provision not held so invalid, and the rest of such provision, together with all other provisions of this Plan, shall to the full extent consistent with law continue in full force and effect. 
 Section 18. Term of Plan. 
 The Plan shall be effective as of the Effective Date. No Award shall be granted pursuant to the Plan on or after the tenth anniversary of the Effective Date, but Awards granted under the Plan prior to the tenth anniversary of the Effective Date may extend beyond the tenth anniversary of the Effective Date pursuant to the terms of the Award as provided for under the Plan and the terms of the applicable Award Agreement. 

18 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Board of Directors of the Company has adopted this Plan, to be executed on behalf of the Company by a duly designated officer of the Company. 
 
 BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 
 By s Anthony N. Leo 
 Name Anthony N. Leo 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 

19 

Appendix A 
 
 Participating Employers 
 
 BayFirst Financial Corp. BayFirst National Bank 

20 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 3
 ex104formofstockoptionagre.htm
 EX-10.4

Document 

BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 2017 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 
 THIS STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT (this Agreement is entered into as of this day of _________, between BayFirst Financial Corp., a Florida corporation (the Company ), and _________ (the Optionee ). 
 WHEREAS, on February 2, 2017, the Board of Directors of the Company adopted the BayFirst Financial Corp. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan ), and recommended that the Plan be approved by the Company s shareholders and 
 WHEREAS, on _________, the Company s shareholders approved the Plan at an annual meeting held on _________ and 
 WHEREAS, the Committee has granted the Optionee a stock option to purchase the number of shares of the Company s common stock as set forth below, and in consideration of the granting of that stock option the Optionee intends to remain in the employ of the Company and 
 WHEREAS, the Company considers it desirable and in its best interest that the Optionee be provided an inducement to acquire an ownership interest in the Company and an additional incentive to advance the interest of the Company through the grant of an option to purchase shares of common stock of the Company pursuant to the Plan and 
 WHEREAS, the Company and the Optionee desire to enter into a written agreement with respect to such option in accordance with the Plan. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, as an employment incentive and to encourage stock ownership, and also in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein, the Company and the Optionee agree as follows. 
 1. Incorporation of Plan . This option is granted pursuant to the provisions of the Plan and the terms and definitions of the Plan are incorporated herein by reference and made a part hereof. A copy of the Plan has been delivered to, and receipt is hereby acknowledged by, the Optionee. 
 2. Grant of Option . Subject to the provisions stated in this Agreement, the Company hereby evidences its grant to the Optionee, not in lieu of salary or other compensation, of the right and option (the Option to purchase the number of shares of the Company s common stock, par value 1.00 per share (the Common Stock ), set forth below, exercisable in the amounts and at the time specified below. This Option is intended to be an . 
 Date of Grant _________ 
 Number of Shares _________ 
 
 1 

Exercise Price _________ 
 Option Vesting Schedule Options are exercisable with respect the shares of Common Stock as follows, subject in each case to continued employment by the Company or a subsidiary of the Company through such date, and subject to the provisions of Section 7 of this Agreement 
 No. of Shares 
 Vesting Date 
 
 In addition, the Options granted will not vest until insert performance vesting condition, if applicable . 
 Include, if applicable In addition, vesting schedule and terms as determined by the Company upon your attainment of Normal Retirement Age. Normal Retirement Age shall be . 
 Option Exercise Period All options expire and are void unless exercised on or before _________. 
 3. Exercise Terms . The Optionee must exercise the Option for at least the lesser of 100 shares or the number of shares of Stock as to which the Option remains unexercised but exercisable. If this Option is not exercised with respect to all or any part of the shares subject to this Option prior to its expiration, the shares with respect to which this Option was not exercised shall no longer be subject to this Option. 
 4. Restrictions on Transferability . No Option shall be transferable by an Optionee other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution or pursuant to a Qualified Domestic Relations Order. During the lifetime of an Optionee, Options shall be exercisable only by such Optionee (or by such Optionee s guardian or legal representative, should one be appointed). If the shares purchased pursuant to the exercise of an Incentive Stock Option are transferred by the Optionee, except pursuant to the Optionee's will or the laws of descent and distribution, prior to such date which is the later of two years after the grant of such Incentive Stock Option or one year after the transfer of the shares to the Optionee pursuant to the exercise of such Incentive Stock Option, the transfer is a disqualifying disposition for tax purposes and the Optionee shall report such transfer to the Company. 
 5. Notice of Exercise of Option . This Option may be exercised by the Optionee, or by the Optionee s administrators, executors or personal representatives, by a written notice (in substantially the form of a Notice of Exercise approved by the Company) signed by the Optionee, or by such administrators, executors or personal representatives, and delivered or mailed to the Company as specified in this Agreement to the attention of the _____________ or such other officer as the Company may designate. Any such notice shall (a) specify the number of shares of Common Stock which the Optionee or the Optionee s administrators, executors or 
 2 

personal representatives, as the case may be, then elects to purchase hereunder, (b) contain such information as may be reasonably required by the Company pursuant to this Agreement, and (c) be accompanied by (i) consideration in the form of any cashless exercise (such consideration having been approved by the Administrator upon the granting of this Option), including by means of a net exercise whereby the Company issues net Shares and the remaining balance of the Shares to satisfy the Participant s tax withholding obligations (ii) unrestricted shares of Common Stock already owned by the Participant (based on the Fair Market Value on the date the Option is exercised) (iii) any other form of consideration subsequently approved by the Administrator and permitted by applicable law or (iv) a combination of a certified or cashier s check accompanied by a number of shares of stock which equal under (i), (ii) or (iii) the total Exercise Price applicable to such shares purchased hereunder. Upon receipt of any such notice and accompanying payment, and subject to the terms hereof, the Company agrees to issue to the Optionee or the Optionee s administrators, executors or personal representatives, as the case may be, stock certificates for the number of shares specified in such notice registered in the name of the person exercising this Option. 
 6. Adjustment in Option . The number of Shares subject to this Option, the Exercise Price, and other matters are subject to adjustment during the term of this Option in accordance with Sections 4, 6, 9, 10, 11 and 14 of the Plan. In the event of a Change of Control, (i) this Option will automatically vest in full and (ii) any performance conditions imposed with respect to this Option shall be deemed to be fully achieved immediately prior to the consummation of the Change of Control. 
 7. Termination of Employment . 
 a. In the event of the termination of the Optionee s employment Include, if applicable (including due to retirement) with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, other than a termination that is either (i) for Cause, or (ii) for reasons of death or Permanent and Total Disability, all vesting of the Option shall cease and the Optionee may exercise the vested portion of the Option at any time within a period ending on the earlier of (a) the last day of the period ending 90 days after such termination of employment or (b) the expiration date of this Option, to the extent of the number of shares which were vested but not exercised or otherwise forfeited as of the date of such termination (and thereafter this Option shall be deemed terminated and shall not be or become exercisable). 
 b. In the event of a termination of the Optionee s employment for Cause, this Option, to the extent not previously exercised, shall terminate immediately and shall not thereafter be or become exercisable. 
 c. In the event of termination of employment because of the Optionee s Permanent and Total Disability, all vesting of the Option shall cease and the Optionee (or his or her personal representative) may exercise the vested portion of the Option, within a period ending on the earlier of (a) the last day of the one-year period following the Optionee s Permanent and Total Disability or (b) the expiration date of this Option, to the extent of the number of shares which were vested but not exercised or otherwise forfeited as of the date of such termination. 
 3 

d. In the event of the Optionee s death while employed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or within 90 days after a termination of such employment (if such termination was not for Cause), the appropriate persons described in Section 5 hereof or persons to whom all or a portion of this Option is transferred in accordance with Section 4 hereof may exercise this Option, to the extent vested, at any time within a period ending on the earlier of (a) the last day of the twelve month period following the Optionee s death or (b) the expiration date of this Option. If the Optionee was an employee of the Company at the time of death, all vesting of the Option shall cease as of the date of death, and this Option may be so exercised to the extent of the number of shares that were vested but not exercised or otherwise forfeited as of the date of death. If the Optionee s employment terminated prior to his or her death, all vesting of the Option shall have ceased as of the date of termination, and this Option may be exercised only to the extent of the number of shares covered by this Option which were vested but not exercised or otherwise forfeited as of the date of such termination. 
 e. This Option does not confer upon the Optionee any right with respect to continuance of employment by the Company or by any of its Subsidiaries. This Option shall not be affected by any change of employment so long as the Optionee continues to be an employee of the Company or one of its Subsidiaries. 
 8. Compliance with Regulatory Matters . The Optionee acknowledges that the issuance of capital stock of the Company is subject to limitations imposed by federal and state law and the Optionee hereby agrees that the Company shall not be obligated to issue any shares of Stock upon exercise of this Option that would cause the Company to violate law or any rule, regulation, order or consent decree of any regulatory authority (including without limitation the Securities and Exchange Commission) having jurisdiction over the affairs of the Company. The Optionee agrees that he or she will provide the Company with such information as is reasonably requested by the Company or its counsel to determine whether the issuance of Stock complies with the provisions described by this Section 8. 
 9. Miscellaneous . 
 a. This Agreement shall be binding upon the parties hereto and their representatives, successors and assigns. 
 b. Unless the context clearly indicates to the contrary, all capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings as set forth in this Agreement, or in the event a capitalized term is not clearly described in this Agreement, the meanings as set forth in the Plan. 
 c. This Agreement is executed and delivered in, and shall be governed by the laws of, the State of Florida. 
 d. Income realized by the Optionee pursuant to this Agreement shall not be included in the Grantee s earnings for the purpose of any benefit plan of the entity in which the Optionee may be enrolled or for which the Optionee may become eligible unless otherwise specifically provided for in such plan. 
 4 

e. Any requests or notices to be given hereunder shall be deemed given, and any elections or exercises to be made or accomplished shall be deemed made or accomplished, (i) upon actual delivery thereof to the designated recipient, (ii) when sent by confirmed facsimile or by email or other form of electronic transmission, each against receipt therefore, to the party to be notified, or (iii) three days after deposit thereof in the United States mail, registered, return receipt requested and postage prepaid, addressed, if to the Optionee, at the address set forth below and, if to the Company, to the executive offices of the Company at 700 Central Avenue, Suite 102, St. Petersburg, FL 33701, Attn Chairperson of the Compensation Committee. 
 f. This Agreement may not be modified except in writing executed by each of the parties hereto. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, the Administrator reserves the right to amend the terms of this Agreement as may be necessary or appropriate to avoid adverse tax consequences under Section 409A of the Code or to comply with any requirements under the Company s clawback policy regarding incentive compensation, or such clawback requirements under the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 or the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 
 
 Signatures appear on the following page. 
 5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Board of Directors of the Company has caused this Stock Option Agreement to be executed on behalf of the Company and the Company s seal to be affixed hereto and attested by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Company, and the Optionee has executed this Stock Option Agreement under seal, all as of the day and year first above written. 
 BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 By __________________________________ 
 Name _______________________________ 
 Title ________________________________ 
 
 OPTIONEE 
 By __________________________________ 
 Name _______________________________ 
 Address ______________________________ 
 
 Attachments 
 1. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 6 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.5>
 4
 ex105formofrestrictedstock.htm
 EX-10.5

Document 

BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 2017 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 Restricted Stock Award Grant Notice 
 Participant Name ___________________ Company BayFirst Financial Corp. Notice A summary of the terms of your grant of Restricted Shares is set out in this notice (the Grant Notice but subject always to the terms of the BayFirst Financial Corp. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan and the Restricted Stock Award Agreement (the Award Agreement ). In the event of any inconsistency between the terms of this Grant Notice, the terms of the Plan and the Award Agreement, the terms of the Plan and the Award Agreement shall prevail. Type of Award Restricted Stock Award Stock Shares of common stock, par value 1.00 per share, of the Company Number of Shares of Stock Subject to Grant _________ shares Grant Date _________ Vesting Schedule Restricted Shares granted will vest (i.e., restrictions shall lapse) in accordance with the following schedule, provided that you have provided continuous employment to the Company or any Participating Employer through each such vesting date Date Date No. of Shares 
 _________ _________ _________ _________ _________ _________ _________ _________ _________ _________ In the event of a Change of Control, all unvested Restricted Shares will automatically vest in full immediately prior to the consummation of the Change of Control. 

Include, if applicable In addition, vesting schedule and terms as determined by the Company upon your attainment of Normal Retirement Age. Normal Retirement Age shall be . Performance Goal In addition, the Restricted Shares granted will not vest until insert performance vesting condition, if applicable . Acceptance You acknowledge receipt of, and understand and agree to, this Grant Notice, the Award Agreement and the Plan. You further acknowledge that as of the Grant Date, this Grant Notice, the Award Agreement and the Plan set forth the entire understanding between you and the Company or any Participating Employer regarding the Restricted Shares and supersede all prior oral and written Award Agreements on the subject. 
 
 Signatures appear on the following page. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Company and the Participant have duly executed and delivered this Grant Notice as of the Grant Date. 
 BayFirst financial Corp. PARTICIPANT 
 By ________________________________ _____________________________ 
 Print Name _________________________ Name 
 Title ______________________________ Address _____________________ 
 ____________________________ 
 ____________________________ 
 Attachments 
 1. Restricted Stock Award Agreement 
 2. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan 

BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 Restricted Stock Award Agreement 
 Pursuant to the Restricted Stock Grant Notice (the Grant Notice and this Restricted Stock Award Agreement (this Award Agreement ), BayFirst Financial Corp. (the Company has granted the Participant, as identified in the Grant Notice, the number of restricted shares of the Company s Common Stock under the Company s 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan indicated in the Grant Notice (the Restricted Shares ). Capitalized terms not defined in this Award Agreement but defined in the Plan or the Grant Notice will have the same definitions as in the Plan or the Grant Notice, respectively. 
 1. Restrictions and Vesting Schedule . The Restricted Shares are being awarded to Participant subject to the transfer and forfeiture conditions set forth in this Award Agreement and the Plan (the Restrictions ). Subject to the provisions of Section 2 below, the Restricted Shares will vest, and Restrictions shall lapse, as provided in the Participant s Grant Notice. The period from the Date of Grant through the last Vesting Date set forth in the Grant Notice is referred to as the Restriction Period . Except to the extent vesting accelerates pursuant to the terms of the Grant Notice or Section 2 below, any unvested Restricted Shares shall be automatically forfeited upon Participant s Termination from Service. 
 2. Acceleration of Vesting upon a Change in Control . In the event of a Change of Control, all unvested Restricted Shares will automatically vest in full immediately prior to the consummation of the Change of Control. 
 3. Assignment or Transfer of Shares . Unless otherwise provided by the Board, prior to the vesting of the Restricted Shares, Participant may not directly or indirectly, by operation of law or otherwise, voluntarily or involuntarily, sell, assign, pledge, encumber, charge or otherwise transfer any of the Restricted Shares still subject to Restrictions. The Restricted Shares shall be forfeited if Participant violates or attempts to violate these transfer Restrictions. After any Stock has been released from the Restrictions, Participant shall not directly or indirectly, by operation of law or otherwise, voluntarily or involuntarily, sell, assign, pledge, encumber, charge or otherwise transfer any interest in the Stock except in compliance with the provisions herein and the provisions of applicable securities laws. 
 4. Delivery of Shares. The Company shall enter such Award of Restricted Stock in book entry form with appropriate restrictions noted with respect thereto. 
 5. Rights of Participant . Subject to the provisions of this Award Agreement, Participant shall exercise all rights and privileges of a shareholder of the Company with respect to the Restricted Shares deposited pursuant to Section 4. Participant shall be deemed to be the holder for purposes of receiving any dividends that may be paid with respect to such shares of Stock and for the purpose of exercising any voting rights relating to such shares of Stock, even if some or all of such shares of Stock have not yet vested and been released from the Restrictions. 
 6. Restrictive Legends . The Company s book entry notations representing the Stock shall have been noted with a legend in substantially the following form 

THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN A RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND THE REGISTERED HOLDER, OR SUCH HOLDER S PREDECESSOR IN INTEREST, A COPY OF WHICH IS ON FILE AT THE PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THE COMPANY. ANY TRANSFER OR ATTEMPTED TRANSFER OF ANY SHARES SUBJECT TO SUCH RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD IS VOID WITHOUT THE PRIOR EXPRESS WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE COMPANY. 
 The Company shall remove or cause the removal of the foregoing legend as and to the extent of the lapse of the applicable Restrictions. 
 7. Section 83(b) Election . Participant understands that Section 83(a) of the Code taxes as ordinary income the difference between the amounts paid for the Stock and the fair market value of the Stock as of the date any Restrictions on the Stock lapse. Participant understands that Participant may elect to be taxed at the time the Restricted Shares are granted rather than when and as the Restrictions lapse, by filing an election under Section 83(b) 83(b) Election of the Code with the Internal Revenue Service within 30 days from the Date of Grant. Even if the fair market value of the Restricted Shares at the time of the Grant equals the amount paid for the Stock, if any, the 83(b) Election must be made to avoid income under Section 83(a) in the future. Participant understands that failure to file such an 83(b) Election in a timely manner may result in adverse tax consequences for Participant. Participant further understands that an additional copy of such 83(b) Election is required to be filed with his or her federal income tax return for the calendar year in which the Grant Date in connection with this Award Agreement falls. Participant further acknowledges and understands that it is Participant s decision as to whether to file such 83(b) Election, and neither the Company nor the Company s legal or financial advisors shall have any obligation or responsibility with respect to such filing. Participant acknowledges that the foregoing is only a summary of the effect of United States federal income taxation with respect to purchase of the Stock hereunder, and does not purport to be complete. Participant further acknowledges that the Company has directed Participant to seek independent advice regarding the applicable provisions of the Code, the income tax laws of any municipality, state or foreign country in which Participant may reside, and the tax consequences of Participant s death. Participant assumes all responsibility for filing an 83(b) Election and paying all taxes resulting from such election or the lapse of the Restrictions on the Stock. 
 8. Refusal to Transfer . The Company shall not be required to transfer on its books any shares of Stock of the Company which shall have been transferred in violation of any of the provisions set forth in this Award Agreement. 
 9. No Employment Rights . This Award Agreement is not an employment contract and nothing in this Award Agreement shall confer upon the Participant any right to continued employment with or service to the Company or any Subsidiary, as the case may be, nor shall it interfere in any way with the right of the Company or any Subsidiary to terminate the employment or service of the Participant at any time. 

10. Governing Plan Document . The Restricted Shares granted hereunder are subject to all the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of which are hereby incorporated by reference herein, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan. Capitalized terms used herein and not defined shall have the meanings assigned in the Plan. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Award Agreement and those of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall control. 
 11. Adjustments. The Restricted Shares shall be subject to adjustments as provided in Sections 4, 9, 10, 11 and 14 of the Plan. 
 12. Acknowledgements . No waiver of any breach of any provision of this Award Agreement by the Company shall be construed to be a waiver of any succeeding breach or as a modification of such provision. 
 13. Miscellaneous . 
 a. Notices. All notices required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given (a) when personally delivered to the party to be notified (b) when sent by confirmed facsimile or by email or other form of electronic transmission, each against receipt therefore, to the party to be notified (c) five business days after deposit in the United States Mail postage prepared by certified or registered mail with return receipt requested at any time other than during a general discontinuance of postal service due to strike, lockout, or otherwise (in which case notice, request, waiver or other communication shall be effectively given upon receipt) and address to the party to be notified as set forth above or (d) two business days after deposit with a national recognized overnight delivery service, postage prepaid, addressed to the party to be notified as set forth above with next-business-day delivery guaranteed. A party may change its notice address by giving the other party ten days written of the new address in the manner set forth above. 
 b. Successors and Assigns. This Award Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company and, subject to the restrictions on transfer herein set forth, be binding upon Participant, Participant s successors, and assigns. 
 c. Governing Law. This Award Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida, without reference to principles of conflict of laws. 
 d. Entire Award Agreement Amendment. This Award Agreement, along with the Grant Notice and the Plan constitute the entire Award Agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and merges all prior agreements or understandings, whether written or oral. This Award Agreement may only be amended as described in Section 11 of the Plan. 

ATTACHMENT A 
 ELECTION UNDER SECTION 83(B) 
 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986 
 The undersigned taxpayer hereby elects, pursuant to 83(b) of the Internal Revenue Code, to include in taxpayer s gross income or alternative minimum tax income, as applicable, for the current taxable year, the amount of any income that may be taxable to taxpayer in connection with taxpayer s receipt of the property described below 
 1. The taxpayer s name, address and taxpayer identification number are as follows 
 Name 
 Address 
 SS# 
 2. Description of property with respect to which the election is being made 
 _________ shares of Common Stock of BayFirst Financial Corp., a Florida corporation (the Company ), granted pursuant to a Restricted Stock Award under the Company s 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 3. The date on which the property was transferred is. 
 The taxable year for which the election is made is calendar year . 
 4. The property is subject to the following restrictions 
 The Restricted Shares are subject to a vesting schedule pursuant to which restrictions on transfer will lapse. 
 5. The fair market value at time of transfer (determined without regard to any restriction other than a restriction which by its terms will never lapse) of such property is _________ . 
 6. Furnishing statement to employer 
 A copy of this statement has been furnished to the Company. 
 
 Dated _______________________________________ 
 Taxpayer 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-10.6>
 5
 ex106formofrestrictedstock.htm
 EX-10.6

Document 

BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 2017 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 Restricted Stock UNIT Award Grant Notice 
 
 Participant Name _________ Company BayFirst Financial Corp. 
 Notice A summary of the terms of your grant of Restricted Stock Unit (RSU) Award is set out in this notice (the Grant Notice but subject always to the terms of the BayFirst Financial Corp. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan and the Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (the Award Agreement ). In the event of any inconsistency between the terms of this Grant Notice, the terms of the Plan and the Award Agreement, the terms of the Plan and the Award Agreement shall prevail. Type of Award Restricted Stock Unit Award (as defined in the Plan and meaning the right granted to the Participant to receive one share of Stock for each RSU at the end of the specified Vesting Period) Stock Shares of voting common stock, par value 1.00 per share, of the Company. Number of RSU Units Subject to Grant _________ Grant Date _________ Vesting Schedule Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) granted will vest (i.e., shares will be delivered) in accordance with the following schedule, provided that you have provided continuous employment to the Company or any Participating Employer through each such vesting date, except as otherwise forth below In the event of a Change of Control after the Date of Grant and prior to the end of the Performance Period, all unvested RSUs will automatically vest in full immediately prior to the consummation of the Change of Control. Include, if applicable In addition, vesting schedule and terms as determined by the Company upon your attainment of Normal Retirement Age. Normal Retirement Age shall be . Vesting is accelerated to 100 upon the Participant's death or Permanent and Total Disability while a Participant during the Performance Period. Performance Goal In addition, the RSUs granted will not vest until insert performance vesting condition, if applicable . 
 1 

Delivery of Shares Upon vesting, the applicable shares of Stock, subject to required tax withholding, shall be transferred by the Company to the Participant's estate within thirty (30) days of the vesting date. Withholding The Company and the Participant will comply with all federal and state laws and regulations respecting the required withholding, deposit and payment of any income, employment or other taxes relating to the Grant. A portion of the Stock subject to each RSU may be withheld to cover required taxes, and the net number of shares of Stock will be paid to the Participant. Acceptance You acknowledge receipt of, and understand and agree to, this Grant Notice, the Award Agreement and the Plan. You further acknowledge that as of the Grant Date, this Grant Notice, the Award Agreement and the Plan set forth the entire understanding between you and the Company or any Participating Employer regarding the RSUs and supersede all prior oral and written Award Agreements on the subject. 
 Signatures appear on the following page. 

2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Company and the Participant have duly executed and delivered this Grant Notice as of the Grant Date. 
 BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. PARTICIPANT 
 By ________________________________ _____________________________ 
 Print Name _________________________ Name 
 Title ______________________________ Address _____________________ 
 ____________________________ 
 ____________________________ 
 Attachments 
 1. Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
 2. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 3 

BayFirst Financial Corp. 
 Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 
 Pursuant to the Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice (the Grant Notice and this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (this Award Agreement ), BayFirst Financial Corp. (the Company has granted the Participant, as identified in the Grant Notice, the number of restricted stock units under the Company s 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the Plan indicated in the Grant Notice (the RSUs ). Capitalized terms not defined in this Award Agreement but defined in the Plan or the Grant Notice will have the same definitions as in the Plan or the Grant Notice, respectively. 
 1. Restrictions and Vesting Schedule . The RSUs are being awarded to Participant subject to the conditions set forth in this Award Agreement and the Plan (the Restrictions ). Subject to the provisions of Section 2 below, the RSUs will vest as provided in the Participant s Grant Notice. Upon vesting, Participant shall have the right to a number of shares of Common Stock of the Company equal to the number of vested RSUs. Except to the extent vesting accelerates pursuant to the terms of the Grant Notice or Section 2 below, any unvested RSUs shall be automatically forfeited upon Participant s Termination from Service, or if earlier, at the end of the Performance Period. 
 2. Acceleration of Vesting upon a Change in Control . In the event of a Change of Control prior to _________, all unvested RSUs will automatically vest in full immediately prior to the consummation of the Change of Control. 
 3. Assignment or Transfer of Shares . Unless otherwise provided by the Board, prior to the vesting of the RSUs, Participant may not directly or indirectly, by operation of law or otherwise, voluntarily or involuntarily, sell, assign, pledge, encumber, charge or otherwise transfer any of the RSUs. The RSUs shall be forfeited if Participant violates or attempts to violate these transfer restrictions. After any Stock has been delivered, Participant shall not directly or indirectly, by operation of law or otherwise, voluntarily or involuntarily, sell, assign, pledge, encumber, charge or otherwise transfer any interest in the Stock except in compliance with the provisions herein and the provisions of applicable securities laws. 
 4. Delivery of Shares. Upon vesting of an RSU, the Participant is entitled to one share of Company Stock for each vested RSU. Such Stock, subject to applicable withholding, shall be transferred by the Company to the Participant within thirty (30) days of the vesting date and not later than March 15 of the year following the year in which the RSU vests. 
 5. Payment and Tax Withholding . Each payment of the RSUs shall be made in shares of Stock, determined by the Administrator. The payment of a RSU in the form of a share of Stock shall be based on the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the applicable date of vesting to which such tax withholding relates. Upon receipt of any entitlement to shares of Stock under this Agreement, the Participant shall make appropriate arrangements with the Company to provide for the amount of minimum tax withholding required by law, including without limitation Sections 3102 and 3402 or any successor section(s) of the Code and applicable state and local income and other tax laws. The Company may permit the Participant to satisfy any federal, state or local tax withholding obligation by any of the following means, or by a combination of such means (a) tendering a cash payment (b) authorizing the Company to withhold shares of Stock 
 4 

from the shares of Stock otherwise issuable or deliverable to the Participant as a result of the vesting of the RSUs (provided, however, that no shares of Stock shall be withheld with a value exceeding the minimum amount of tax required to be withheld by law) or (c) delivering to the Company previously owned and unencumbered shares of Stock. 
 6. No Ownership Rights Prior to Issuance of Stock . Neither the Participant nor any other person shall become the beneficial owner of the Stock underlying the RSU, nor have any rights of a shareholder (including, without limitation, dividend and voting rights) with respect to any such Stock, unless and until and after such Stock has been actually issued to the Participant and transferred on the books and records of the Company or its agent in accordance with the terms of the Plan and this Agreement. 
 7. Refusal to Transfer . The Company shall not be required to transfer on its books any shares of Stock of the Company which shall have been transferred in violation of any of the provisions set forth in this Award Agreement. 
 8. No Employment Rights . This Award Agreement is not an employment contract and nothing in this Award Agreement shall confer upon the Participant any right to continued employment with or service to the Company or any Subsidiary, as the case may be, nor shall it interfere in any way with the right of the Company or any Subsidiary to terminate the employment or service of the Participant at any time. 
 9. Governing Plan Document . The RSUs granted hereunder are subject to all the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of which are hereby incorporated by reference herein, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan. Capitalized terms used herein and not defined shall have the meanings assigned in the Plan. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Award Agreement and those of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall control. 
 10. Adjustments. The RSUs shall be subject to adjustments as provided in Sections 4, 7, 9, 10, 11 and 14 of the Plan. 
 11. Acknowledgements . No waiver of any breach of any provision of this Award Agreement by the Company shall be construed to be a waiver of any succeeding breach or as a modification of such provision. 
 12. Miscellaneous . 
 a. Notices. All notices required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed effectively given (a) when personally delivered to the party to be notified (b) when sent by confirmed facsimile or by email or other form of electronic transmission, each against receipt therefore, to the party to be notified (c) five business days after deposit in the United States Mail postage prepared by certified or registered mail with return receipt requested at any time other than during a general discontinuance of postal service due to strike, lockout, or otherwise (in which case notice, request, waiver or other communication shall be effectively given upon receipt) and address to the party to be notified as set forth 
 5 

above or (d) two business days after deposit with a national recognized overnight delivery service, postage prepaid, addressed to the party to be notified as set forth above with next-business-day delivery guaranteed. A party may change its notice address by giving the other party ten days written of the new address in the manner set forth above. 
 b. Registration of Stock. It is intended that any Stock received in respect of the RSUs shall have been registered under the Securities Act of 1933 Securities Act ). If the Participant is an affiliate of the Company, as that term is defined in Rule 144 under the Securities Act Rule 144 ), the Participant may not sell the Stock received except in compliance with Rule 144. Certificates representing Stock issued to an affiliate of the Company may bear a legend setting forth such restrictions on the disposition or transfer of the Stock as the Company deems appropriate to comply with Federal and state securities laws. If, at any time, the Stock is not registered under the Securities Act, and or there is no current prospectus in effect under the Securities Act with respect to the Stock, the Participant shall execute, prior to the delivery of any Stock to the Participant by the Company pursuant to this Agreement, an agreement (in such form as the Company may specify) in which the Participant represents and warrants that the Participant is purchasing or acquiring the Stock acquired under this Agreement for the Participant's own account, for investment only and not with a view to the resale or distribution thereof, and represents and agrees that any subsequent offer for sale or distribution of any kind of such Stock shall be made only pursuant to either (i) a registration statement on an appropriate form under the Securities Act, which registration statement has become effective and is current with regard to the Stock being offered or sold, or (ii) a specific exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act, but in claiming such exemption the Participant shall, prior to any offer for sale of such Stock, obtain a prior favorable written opinion, in form and substance satisfactory to the Company, from counsel for or approved by the Company, as to the applicability of such exemption thereto. 
 c. Data Protection. By accepting this Agreement (whether by electronic means or otherwise), the Participant hereby consents to the holding and processing of personal data provided by him her to the Company for all purposes necessary for the operation of the Plan. These include, but are not limited to, administering and maintaining Participant records, providing information to any registrars, brokers or their party administrators of the Plan, or providing information to future purchasers of the Company or the business in which the Participant works. 
 d. Successors and Assigns. This Award Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company and, subject to the restrictions on transfer herein set forth, be binding upon Participant, Participant s successors, and assigns. 
 6 

e. Governing Law. This Award Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida, without reference to principles of conflict of laws. 
 f. Entire Award Agreement Amendment. This Award Agreement, along with the Grant Notice and the Plan constitute the entire Award Agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and merges all prior agreements or understandings, whether written or oral. This Award Agreement may only be amended as described in Section 11 of the Plan. 
 7 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.7>
 6
 ex107dividendreinvestmenta.htm
 EX-10.7

Document 

BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 DIVIDEND REINVESTMENT AND STOCK PURCHASE PLAN 
 
 General Terms 
 Introduction 
 All holders of record of Shares are eligible to participate in the Plan. Beneficial owners of Shares whose shares are registered in names other than their own name may participate by requesting their broker or nominee to transfer their Shares into their own name or requesting that the broker or nominee enroll in the Plan on their behalf. The right to participate in the Plan is not transferable to another person apart from a transfer of a Participant s Shares to such person. Beneficial owners whose Shares are registered in names other than their own (for example, in the name of a broker, bank, or other nominee) and who wish to participate in the optional cash purchase feature of the Plan must become owners of record of at least one Share. The Plan is administered by the Agent. 
 Purpose 
 The Plan has been established for the purposes of offering Participants (i) a convenient method to reinvest cash dividends on Shares and (ii) an option to purchase additional Shares, both as described below. All such Shares are purchased directly from the Company, or on the open market, by the Agent, which acts as agent for Participants under the Plan. 
 Defined Terms 
 Where used in the Plan, the following terms shall have the following meanings, respectively 
 Agent means Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company, or such other stock transfer agent as may be appointed by the Board of Directors of the Company from time to time. 
 Board of Directors means the board of directors of the Company. 
 Business Day means any day on which the Agent s principal offices in New York, NY are generally open for the transaction of commercial business but does not, in any event, include a Saturday, Sunday, or any day that is a statutory or municipal holiday in New York, NY. 
 Close of Business means 5 00 p.m. (Eastern time) on a Business Day. 
 Company means BayFirst Financial Corp. 
 Dividend Payment Date means the date determined by the Board of Directors on which a cash dividend is to be paid to Shareholders as of the Dividend Record Date. 
 Dividend Record Date means the record date determined by the Board of Directors in respect of which holders of Shares will be entitled to receive a cash dividend. 
 Eligible Shares means Shares held by Participants. 
 Page 1 

Optional Additional Purchases means a Participant s purchase for cash of Shares pursuant to the Plan. 
 Participant means a Shareholder who has elected, in accordance with the terms hereof, to participate in the Plan. 
 Plan means the BayFirst Financial Corp. Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan. 
 Plan Enrollment Form means the authorization form required to participate in this Plan to be made available to each Participant by the Agent. 
 Purchase Price means the per Share price at which Shares are acquired pursuant to the Plan. 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 Share means a share of Company common stock. 
 Shareholder means a holder of a Share. 
 Features 
 Under the Plan, a Participant may purchase Shares with the cash dividends paid on the Eligible Shares which are registered in the name of the Participant or held in a Participant s account maintained pursuant to the Plan. 
 A Participant may also make Optional Additional Purchases on each Dividend Payment Date. The maximum purchase price of Optional Additional Purchases a Participant may make in any one calendar quarter is 75,000. The minimum purchase price of Optional Additional Purchases a Participant may make in any one calendar quarter is 250. 
 Shares shall be acquired by one of two methods. First, the Agent shall purchase Shares on Nasdaq. To the extent sufficient Shares are not acquired by that method, the Company shall issue Shares from the Company s authorized but unissued Shares. The Purchase Price for Shares acquired on Nasdaq shall be the price actually paid for such Shares. The Purchase Price of Shares issued from the Company s authorized but unissued Shares shall be the weighted average price paid for Shares on Nasdaq in such transaction. If no Shares are acquired on Nasdaq, the Purchase Price shall be the closing price on Nasdaq on the day immediately preceding the date of issuance No commissions, service charges, or brokerage fees are payable by Participants in connection with the purchase of Shares under the Plan. The Company shall pay all such expenses. 
 Dividends in respect of whole and fractional Shares (using five decimal places) purchased under the Plan will be credited to a Participant s account and will be automatically invested as instructed by such Participant under the Plan until such time as the Participant s participation in the Plan is terminated. 
 Market Risk 
 Shares are purchased and sold for the Plan on specified dates or during specified periods. As a result, Participants have no control over the price at which Shares are purchased or sold and Participants may pay a higher purchase price or receive a lower sales price then if a Participant 
 Page 2 

had purchased or sold the Shares outside of the Plan. Participants bear the risk of fluctuations in the price of Shares. 
 Participation 
 Participation and Enrollment in the Plan 
 A Shareholder who is a registered holder of Shares of record may enroll in the Plan at any time by completing a Plan Enrollment Form and returning it to the Agent. A Shareholder who is a beneficial owners of Shares must enroll through their broker, bank, or other nominee. 
 A registered Shareholder s completed Plan Enrollment Form must be received by the Agent no later than the Dividend Record Date in order for that cash dividend to be invested under the Plan on the relevant Dividend Payment Date or for an Optional Additional Purchase to be made on that Dividend Payment Date. If the Agent receives the Enrollment Form after such date, the cash dividend will be paid to the Shareholder in the usual manner and participation in this Plan will be initiated for subsequent cash dividends and any funds remitted for an Optional Additional Purchase shall be retained until the next Dividend Payment Date, at which time the Agent shall apply such funds to an Optional Additional Purchase on behalf of such Participant. 
 Once a Participant is enrolled, the Company will forward to the Agent all of the Participant s cash dividends on Shares (less any applicable withholdings) and direct the Agent to invest such amounts in Shares for the benefit of the Participant. The Agent will apply such funds received under the Plan to the purchase of additional Shares under the Plan. 
 A Participant may make Optional Additional Purchases by remitting funds to the Agent no later than three (3) Business Days prior to a Dividend Payment Date, in order for such funds to be invested under the Plan on the relevant Dividend Payment Date. 
 The minimum amount of an Optional Additional Purchase for any Participant in any calendar quarter is 250 of Shares, determined by dividing such amount by the Purchase Price. The maximum amount of an Optional Additional Purchase for any Participant in any calendar quarter is 75,000 of Shares, as determined by dividing such amount by the Purchase Price. 
 No interest will be paid to Participants on any funds held for investment under the Plan. 
 Once a Participant has enrolled in the Plan, participation continues automatically unless terminated in accordance with the terms of the Plan. 
 Purchase of Shares 
 On each Dividend Payment Date, the Company shall promptly pay over to the Agent, on behalf of Participants, all cash dividends paid on their Shares (net of applicable withholdings), which shall be used to purchase Shares pursuant to this Plan. 
 After receiving such funds from the Company, the Agent shall purchase and or distribute the appropriate number of Shares to each appropriate Participant and the Agent shall hold such Shares in each such Participant s account with Agent. 
 Page 3 

Transfer of Participation Rights 
 The right to participate in the Plan may not be transferred by a Participant. 
 Termination of Participation and Sales of Shares 
 A Participant may sell some or all of the Shares held in the Plan by submitting sale instructions in writing to the Administrator either by fax, mail, or scanned email. The Administrator will, within five Business Days of receiving such sale instructions, sell such Shares and deliver the proceeds of such sale, less any brokerage commissions and any other cost of sale. Any full shares and fractional interests in shares may be aggregated and sold with those of other Participants who have submitted a sale instruction provided, that each sale instruction will be processed no later than five Business Days after the date on which such sale instruction is received by the Administrator. All sale instructions are final when the Administrator receives them sale instructions cannot be stopped or cancelled. There is a 15.00 fee to process all sale instructions. 
 Participation in the Plan may be terminated by a Participant at any time by sending written notification of withdrawal to the Agent provided, a Participant whose participation is through a broker, bank, or other nominee must coordinate such withdrawal through such nominee. Upon termination of participation in the Plan, the Agent shall deliver to the Participant a certificate for whole shares credited to his or her account. In addition, any fraction of a Share held for the account of such Participant will be cancelled in exchange for such cash payment prorated to the last Purchase Price established prior to the date of termination. 
 If the notice of termination is received by the Close of Business at least five (5) Business Days prior to a Dividend Record Date, termination of the Participant s Participation in the Plan will be effective in respect of that Dividend Record Date. Otherwise, the termination will be effective in respect of the next succeeding Dividend Record Date. A termination by a Participant will not prevent such Shareholder from Participating in the Plan at a later date. 
 After termination of participation in the Plan, all subsequent dividends will be paid to the former Participant in cash in the usual manner. 
 Participation in the Plan will be terminated upon receipt by the Agent of evidence satisfactory to the Agent of the death of a Participant thereafter all dividends paid in respect of the Shares of the deceased Participant will be paid in cash. 
 Amendment, Suspension or Termination of the Plan 
 The Company reserves the right to amend, suspend, or terminate the Plan at any time, but such action shall have no retroactive effect that would prejudice the interest of the Participants. 
 In the event of suspension or termination of the Plan by the Company, no investment will be made by the Agent on the Dividend Payment Date immediately following the effective date of such suspension or termination. Any dividend subject to the Plan and paid after the effective date of any such suspension or termination will be remitted by the Company to the Participants in cash only, in the usual manner. 
 The Company may remove the Agent at any time on not less than ninety (90) days prior notice to the Agent, and appoint another Agent. 
 Page 4 

Similarly, the Agent may resign at any time on not less than ninety (90) days prior notice to the Company and upon delivery to the Company of all property and records held in connection with the Plan. 
 Rules and Regulations 
 The Company, in conjunction with the Agent, may from time to time adopt rules and regulations to facilitate the administration of the Plan. The Company also reserves the right to regulate and interpret the Plan as it deems necessary or desirable to ensure the efficient and equitable operation of the Plan. 
 Costs 
 There shall not be any commissions, service charges, or brokerage fees payable by Participants in connection with the issuance of Shares under the Plan. All administrative costs of the Plan shall be borne by the Company. 
 Recording & Certificates 
 Reports to Participants 
 An account will be maintained by the Agent for each Participant with respect to purchases of Shares under the Plan for the account of such Participant. An unaudited statement of account regarding purchases under the Plan will be distributed on a quarterly basis to each Participant who is a registered holder of Shares. These statements of account are a Participant s continuing record of purchases of Shares made on behalf of such Participant pursuant to the Plan and should be retained for income tax purposes. Participants are responsible for calculating and monitoring their own adjusted cost basis in Shares for income tax purposes, as certain averaging rules may apply 
 and such calculations may depend on the cost of other Shares held by a Shareholder. Beneficial owners of Shares who are enrolled in the Plan through a nominee may or may not be provided with such reports or forms from their nominee. 
 Withdrawals 
 Shares purchased under the Plan will be held by the Agent for Participants. Certificates for such Shares will not be issued to Participants unless specifically requested by a Participant. 
 Shares held by the Agent for a Participant may not be pledged, sold or otherwise disposed of by the Participant while so held. A Participant who wishes to effect any such transaction must remove such Shares from the Plan and request that the certificates, or other evidence of ownership, for such Shares be issued in the Participant s name. 
 Responsibilities of the Company and the Agent 
 The Company and the Agent shall not be liable for any act, or any omission to act, in connection with the operation of the Plan including, without limitation, any claims for liability 
 relating to the determination from time to time of the Purchase Price and the times purchases of Shares are made 
 Page 5 

resulting from changes in the market price of Shares or the prices at which Plan transactions are effected, including, but not limited to those occurring between a dividend reinvestment or optional cash purchase or a termination and a sale of Shares held under the Plan 
 arising from a decision to participate in the Plan 
 arising in connection with income taxes (together with any applicable interest and or penalties) payable by Participants in connection with their participation in the Plan or 
 arising out of actions taken as a result of inaccurate or incomplete information or instructions. 
 Participants should recognize that neither the Company nor the Agent can assure a profit or protection against a loss on the Shares purchased under the Plan. 
 Compliance with Laws 
 The operation and implementation of the Plan is subject to compliance with all applicable legal requirements, including obtaining all appropriate regulatory approvals and exemptions from registration and prospectus requirements, and the requirements of any stock exchange on which the Shares are listed. The Company may limit the Shares issuable under the Plan in connection with discretionary exemptive relief relating to the Plan granted by any securities regulatory authority. 
 Notices 
 All notices required to be given under the Plan shall be mailed to a Participant at the address shown on the records of the Agent s or the Participant s broker, as the case may be. 
 Notices to the Agent shall be sent to 
 Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company 
 One State Street Plaza, 30th Floor 
 New York, NY 10004 
 Notices to the Company shall be sent to 
 BayFirst Financial Corp. 
 700 Central Avenue 
 St. Petersburg, Florida 33701 
 Effective Date of the Plan 
 The effective date of the Plan is August 31, 2016. 
 The Plan was amended and restated on December 30, 2021. 
 Page 6 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-14.1>
 7
 ex141codeofethics-namechan.htm
 EX-14.1

Document 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 _____________________________________________________________________________ 

 PREFACE 
 On July 27, 2021, the Board of Directors of BayFirst Financial Corp. Company adopted this Code of Ethics Code ), as contemplated by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The honesty, integrity, and sound judgment of the Company s directors, officers, and employees are fundamental to the reputation and success of the Company and its subsidiary, BayFirst National Bank Bank ). The professional and ethical conduct of all such individuals is essential to the proper function and success of the Company as a leading financial services provider. Therefore, all such individuals are required to observe the highest standards of ethical business conduct, including strict adherence to this Code, as well as the Company s other general codes of ethics or conduct and policies, which this Code supplements. 
 All Company directors, officers, and employees hold an important role in corporate governance. These individuals are capable and empowered to ensure that the interests of our stakeholders (including shareholders, customers, employees, suppliers, and residents of the communities in which the Company operates) are appropriately balanced, protected, and preserved. Such individuals fulfill this responsibility by prescribing, following, and or enforcing the policies and procedures employed in the Company s financial operations. 
 Code of Ethics 
 All directors, officers, and employees of the Company must 
 Act at all times ethically, with honesty and integrity, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships. For purposes of this Code, the actual or apparent conflicts of interest shall be broadly construed and include, for example, direct conflicts, indirect conflicts, potential conflicts, apparent conflicts, and any other personal, business, or professional relationship or dealings that has a reasonable possibility of creating even the mere appearance of impropriety. All directors, officers, and employees must disclose any material transaction or relationship that could reasonably give rise to an actual or apparent conflict. 
 Ensure that all reasonable and necessary steps within his or her areas of responsibility are taken to provide full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that the Company files with or submits to the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC or state regulators, and in all other regulatory filings. In addition, All directors, officers, and employees must provide full, fair, accurate, and understandable information whenever communicating with the Company s shareholders or the general public. 
 Provide colleagues with information that is accurate, complete, objective, relevant, timely, and understandable. 
 Take all reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality of non-public information about the Company, its business, operations, and customers obtained or created in connection with such individual s activities and to prevent the unauthorized disclosure of any such information, unless required by law, regulation, or legal or regulatory process. 
 Conduct the business of the Company in compliance with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations of federal, state, and local governments and other appropriate private and public regulatory agencies. 
 Not directly or indirectly take any action to fraudulently influence, coerce, manipulate, or mislead the Company s independent public auditors for the purposes of rendering the Company s financial statements misleading. 

Act in good faith, with due care, competence, and diligence, without misrepresenting material facts or allowing independent judgment to be subordinated. 
 Share knowledge and maintain skills necessary and relevant to the Company s needs. 
 Proactively promote ethical and honest behavior within the workplace. 
 Assure responsible use of and control of all assets, resources, and information in possession of the Company. 
 Notify promptly corporate counsel or the Chairman of the Audit Committee regarding any actual or potential violation of this Code and or any applicable securities or other laws, rules, or regulations. An individual may choose to remain anonymous in reporting any possible violation of this Code. Each director, officer, or employee is responsible for ensuring that his or her own conduct complies with this Code. 
 Anyone who violates provisions of this Code by engaging in unethical conduct, failing to report conduct potentially violative of this Code or refusing to participate in any investigation of such conduct, will be subject to disciplinary actions, up to and including termination of service with the Company. Violations of this Code may also constitute violations of law and may result in civil or criminal penalties. 
 The Board of Directors, or a designated committee thereof, of the Company shall be responsible for the administration of this Code and shall have the sole authority to amend this Code or grant waivers of its provisions. Waivers and amendments to this Code must be disclosed as required by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules thereunder. 

</EX-14.1>

<EX-21.1>
 8
 ex211subsidiariesofbayfirs.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 Subsidiaries of BayFirst Financial Corp. 
 
 BayFirst National Bank (formerly First Home Bank) 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 9
 ex231forvisconsent.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-261064, etc.) of BayFirst Financial Corp. of our report dated March 27, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of BayFirst Financial Corp., included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 s FORVIS, LLP (Formerly, Dixon Hughes Goodman LLP) 
 
 Tampa, Florida 
 March 27, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 10
 ex311-principalexecutiveof.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

CERTIFICATIONS REQUIRED BY 
 RULE 13a-14(a) OR RULE 15d-14(a) 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Anthony N. Leo, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Report of BayFirst Financial Corp., Inc. (the Registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Report 
 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13(a)-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Report is being prepared 
 b) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this Report based on such evaluation and 
 c) Disclosed in this Report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 d) Disclosed in this Report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 Date March 27, 2023 
 By s Anthony N. Leo 
 Anthony N. Leo 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 11
 ex312-principalfinancialof.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

CERTIFICATIONS REQUIRED BY 
 RULE 13a-14(a) OR RULE 15d-14(a) 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Robin L. Oliver, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Report of BayFirst Financial Corp., Inc. (the Registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this Report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this Report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this Report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this Report 
 4. The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13(a)-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this Report is being prepared 
 b) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this Report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this Report based on such evaluation and 
 c) Disclosed in this Report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 d) Disclosed in this Report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 Date March 27, 2023 
 By s Robin L. Oliver 
 Robin L. Oliver 
 Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer 
 (principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 12
 ex321-principalexecutiveof.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Anthony N. Leo, Chief Executive Officer of BayFirst Financial Corp. (the Company certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 1) The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 Date March 27, 2023 
 By s Anthony N. Leo 
 Anthony N. Leo 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 13
 ex322-principalfinancialof.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Robin L. Oliver, Chief Financial Officer of BayFirst Financial Corp. (the Company certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 1) The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the annual period ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

BAYFIRST FINANCIAL CORP. 
 Date March 27, 2023 
 By s Robin L. Oliver 
 Robin L. Oliver 
 Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer 
 (principal financial officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 14
 bafn-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 15
 bafn-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 16
 bafn-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 17
 bafn-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 18
 bafn-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

