<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1784058_0001213900-23-025147.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2932216</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>262681</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>986305</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>519060</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>571656</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>524965</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-025147.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331115403
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-025147
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		45
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Pony Group Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001784058
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-AUTOMOTIVE REPAIR, SERVICES & PARKING [7500]
		IRS NUMBER:				833532241
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-234358
		FILM NUMBER:		23785167

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ENGINEER EXPERIMENT BUILDING, A202
		STREET 2:		7 GAOXIN SOUTH AVENUE, NANSHAN DISTRICT
		CITY:			SHENZHEN, GUANGDONG PROVINCE
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			518000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		86-0755-86665622

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ENGINEER EXPERIMENT BUILDING, A202
		STREET 2:		7 GAOXIN SOUTH AVENUE, NANSHAN DISTRICT
		CITY:			SHENZHEN, GUANGDONG PROVINCE
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			518000

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-025147.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_ponygroupinc.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO
SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from 
to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

, , , Guangdong Province People s Republic of (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered: N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is
not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has
filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of
this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is
a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See
definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control
over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that
prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements
that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during
the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Common stock held by each officer and director
and by each person known to the registrant who owned 10 or more of the outstanding voting and non-voting common stock have been excluded
in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination
for other purposes. The aggregate market value of the Registrant s common stock outstanding, other than the shares held by
persons who may be deemed affiliates of the Registrant, at December 31,2022, was approximately . 

As of December 31, 2022, there were 
shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

If the following documents are incorporated by
reference, briefly describe them and identify the part of the Form 10-K (e.g., Part I, Part II, etc.) into which the document is incorporated:
(i) any annual report to security holders; (ii) any proxy or information statement; and (iii) any prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)
or (c) of the Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities Act ). The listed documents should be clearly described for identification
purposes (e.g. annual reports to security holders for fiscal year ended December 24, 1980): None 

PONY GROUP INC. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
 
 Cautionary
 Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 iii 
 
 PART
 I 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 10 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 40 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 40 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 40 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 40 

PART
 II 
 
 41 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 41 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 41 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 41 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 46 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements
 with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

Item 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 47 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 47 
 
 Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign
 Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 47 

PART
 III 
 
 48 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 48 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 49 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 50 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 
 51 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal
 Accounting Fees and Services 
 51 

PART
 IV 
 
 52 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits
 and Financial Statement Schedules 
 52 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form
 10-K Summary 
 52 

i 

Unless otherwise stated in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K Report ), references to: 

China or the PRC refers to the People s Republic of China, excluding, for the purposes of this Report only, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan; 

RMB and Renminbi refer to the legal currency of China; 

US , U.S. dollars, , and dollars refer to the legal currency of the United States; 

Pony, we, us, our company and our refer to Pony Group Inc., its subsidiaries. 

PonyHK refer to Pony Limousine Services Limited., our wholly owned subsidiary in Hong Kong; and 

Universe Travel refers to Universe Travel Culture Technology Ltd., a wholly-owned PRC subsidiary of Pony HK. 

We use U.S. dollars as reporting currency in our
financial statements and in this Report. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in Renminbi are translated into U.S. dollars at the
rates of exchange as of the balance sheet date, equity accounts are translated at historical exchange rates, and revenues, expenses, gains
and losses are translated using the average rate for the period. In other parts of this Report, any Renminbi denominated amounts are accompanied
by translations. We make no representation that the Renminbi or U.S. dollar amounts referred to in this Report could have been or could
be converted into U.S. dollars or Renminbi, as the case may be, at any particular rate or at all. The PRC government restricts or prohibits
the conversion of Renminbi into foreign currency and foreign currency into Renminbi for certain types of transactions. 

ii 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Report, including, without limitation, statements
under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These
forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, estimates, 
 anticipates, expects, intends, plans, may, will, potential, 
 projects, predicts, continues, or should, or, in each case, their negative or
other variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that actual results will not materially differ from expectations.
Such statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business
combination and any other statements that are not statements of current or historical facts. These statements are based on management s
current expectations, but actual results may differ materially due to various factors, including, but not limited to: 

our goals and strategies; 

our future business development, financial condition and results of operations; 

the expected growth and heavy regulation of the credit industry, and marketplace lending in particular, in China; 

the growth in China of disposable household income and the availability and cost of credit available to finance car purchases; 

the growth of China s ride-hailing, automobile financing and leasing industries; 

taxes and other incentives or disincentives related to car purchases and ownership; 

fluctuations in the sales and price of new and used cars and consumer acceptance of financing car purchases; 

ride-hailing, transportation networks, and other fundamental changes in transportation pattern; 

our expectations regarding demand for and market acceptance of our products and services; 

our expectations regarding our customer base; 

our plans to invest in our automobile transaction and related services business; 

our relationships with our business partners; 

competition in our industries; 

macro-economic and political conditions affecting the global economy generally and the market in China specifically; and 

relevant government policies and regulations, including but not limited to Covid-19, relating to our industries. 

The forward-looking statements contained in this
Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. Future developments
affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated or over which we may not have any control. These forward-looking statements involve
a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) and other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance
to be materially different from those that are expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties
include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors in this report and our other periodic
reports filed by us with the SEC. Should one or more of these risks or unanticipated risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any
of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements.
We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or
otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. These risks and others described in our periodic reports are not
exhaustive. 

By their nature, forward-looking statements involve
risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. We caution
you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results of operations, financial condition
and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking
statements contained in this Report. In addition, even if our results or operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments
in the industry in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Report, those results or developments
may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. 

iii 

PART I 

Item 1. Business 

Overview 

Pony Group Inc. Company or Pony was incorporated on January 7, 2019 in the state of Delaware. 

Our Corporate History 

On March 7, 2019, Pony Group Inc (the Purchaser ),
and Wenxian Fan, the sole owner of Pony Limousine Services Limited, entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement ),
pursuant to which Wenxian Fan (the Seller would sell to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser will purchase from the Seller,
10,000 shares of the Pony Limousine Services Limited Pony HK ), which represented 100 of the shares. On March 7, 2019,
this transaction was completed. 

Pony Limousine Services Limited is a limited liability
company formed under the laws of Hong Kong on April 28, 2016, which was formed by Wenxian Fan. Its registered office is located at Flat/Rm
01 11/F, Lucky Comm Bldg, 103 Des Voeux Rd West, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong. On February 2, 2019, Universe Travel Culture Technology
Ltd. Universe Travel was incorporated as a wholly-owned PRC subsidiary of Pony HK. 

Our Corporate Structure 

We do not have or intend to set up any subsidiary
or enter into any contractual arrangements to establish a variable interest entity VIE structure with any entity in China.
The following diagram illustrates our corporate structure, including our subsidiaries as of the date of this Report: 

Our holding company structure presents unique
risks as our investors may never directly hold equity interests in our Hong Kong or Shenzhen operating subsidiary and will be dependent
upon dividends and other distributions from our subsidiaries to finance our cash flow needs. We are, however, not a Chinese or Hong Kong
operating company but a United States holding company with operations conducted by our subsidiaries. Our ability to receive dividends
and other contributions from our subsidiaries are significantly affected by regulations promulgated by Hong Kong and PRC authorities.
Any change in the interpretation of existing rules and regulations or the promulgation of new rules and regulations may materially affect
our operations and or the value of our securities, including causing the value of our securities to significantly decline or become worthless.
For a detailed description of the risks facing the Company associated with our structure, please refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors
- Risks Related to Doing Business in China. 

Currently, PRC laws and
regulations do not prohibit direct foreign investment in our Hong Kong or Shenzhen operating subsidiary. Nonetheless, in light of
the recent statements and regulatory actions by the PRC government, such as those related to Hong Kong s national security,
the promulgation of regulations prohibiting foreign ownership of Chinese companies operating in certain industries, which are
constantly evolving, and anti-monopoly concerns, we may be subject to the risks of uncertainty of any future actions of the PRC
government in this regard, which would likely result in a material change in our operations, including our ability to continue our
existing holding company structure, carry on our current business, accept foreign investments, and offer or continue to offer
securities to our investors, and the resulting adverse change in value to our common stock. We may also be subject to penalties and
sanctions imposed by the PRC or Hong Kong regulatory agencies, including the China Securities Regulatory Commission, or CSRC, if we
fail to comply with such rules and regulations, which would likely adversely affect the ability of the Company s securities to
continue to trade on the OTCQB, which would likely cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or become
worthless. 

1 

The Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act (the HFCA Act and the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act AHFCAA 

As more stringent criteria applying to emerging
market companies upon assessing the qualification of their auditors have been imposed by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB recently, and under the HFCA Act,
our securities may be prohibited from being traded on the over-the-counter (the OTC markets if our auditor is not inspected
by the PCAOB for three consecutive years, and this ultimately could result in trading in our securities being prohibited. 

The HFCA Act was enacted on December 18, 2020.
The HFCA Act states that if the SEC determines that an issuer s audit reports issued by a registered public accounting firm have
not been subject to inspection by the PCAOB for three consecutive years beginning in 2021, the SEC shall prohibit such issuer s
securities from being traded on a national securities exchange or in the over-the-counter trading market in the United States. On March
24, 2021, the SEC adopted interim final rules relating to the implementation of certain disclosure and documentation requirements of the
HFCA Act. We will be required to comply with these rules if the SEC identifies us as having a non-inspection year under
a process to be subsequently established by the SEC. If we fail to meet the new rules before the deadline specified thereunder, we could
face possible prohibition from trading on the OTCQB, deregistration from the SEC and/or other risks, which may materially and adversely
affect, or effectively terminate, our securities trading in the United States. On December 2, 2021, the SEC issued amendments to finalize
rules implementing the submission and disclosure requirements in the HFCA Act. The rules apply to registrants that the SEC identifies
as having filed an annual report with an audit report issued by a registered public accounting firm that is located in a foreign jurisdiction
and that PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely because of a position taken by an authority in foreign jurisdictions. 

Furthermore, on June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate
passed the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act (the AHFCAA , which would amend the HFCA Act and require
the SEC to prohibit an issuer s securities from trading on any U.S. stock exchanges or the OTC markets if its auditor is not subject
to PCAOB inspections for two consecutive years instead of three thus reducing the time before our securities may be prohibited from trading
or being delisted. On December 29, 2022, the AHFCAA was signed into law. 

On December 16, 2021, the PCAOB issued a determination,
under the HFCA Act, on registered public accounting firms headquartered in Hong Kong and the mainland China of the People s Republic
of China that it is unable to inspect or investigate completely. As of this Report, our auditor, BF Borgers CPA PC, is not headquartered
in China nor Hong Kong and thus is not subject to such determination. 

As a firm registered
with the BF Borgers CPA PC is subject to laws in the United States which provide that the PCAOB shall conduct regular inspections to assess
the auditor s compliance with the applicable professional standards. We have no intention of dismissing BF Borgers CPA PC in the
future or engaging any auditor not based in the U.S. and not subject to regular inspection by the PCAOB. There is no guarantee, however,
that any future auditor engaged by the Company would remain subject to full PCAOB inspection during the entire term of our engagement.
If it is later determined that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate our auditor completely, investor may be deprived of the benefits
of such inspection. Any audit reports not issued by auditors that are completely inspected by the PCAOB, or a lack of PCAOB inspections
of audit work undertaken in China or Hong Kong that prevents the PCAOB from regularly evaluating our auditors audits and their
quality control procedures, could result in a lack of assurance that our financial statements and disclosures are adequate and accurate. 

On August 26, 2022, the PCAOB announced and signed
a Statement of Protocol (the Protocol with the China Securities Regulatory Commission and the Ministry of Finance of the
People s Republic of China. The Protocol provides the PCAOB with: (1) sole discretion to select the firms, audit engagements and
potential violations it inspects and investigates, without any involvement of Chinese authorities; (2) procedures for PCAOB inspectors
and investigators to view complete audit work papers with all information included and for the PCAOB to retain information as needed;
(3) direct access to interview and take testimony from all personnel associated with the audits the PCAOB inspects or investigates. 

The PCAOB reassessed the 2021
PCAOB Determinations that the positions taken by PRC authorities prevented the PCAOB from inspecting and investigating in mainland China
and Hong Kong completely. The PCAOB sent its inspectors to conduct on-site inspections and investigations of firms headquartered in mainland
China and Hong Kong from September to November 2022. 

On December 15, 2022, the
PCAOB announced in its determination (the 2022 Determination that the PCAOB was able to secure complete access to inspect
and investigate accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong, and the PCAOB Board voted to vacate previous determinations
to the contrary. Should the PCAOB again encounter impediments to inspections and investigations in mainland China or Hong Kong as a result
of positions taken by any authority in either jurisdiction, including by the CSRC or the Ministry of Finance, the PCAOB will make determinations
under the HFCAA as and when appropriate. We cannot assure you whether OTC or regulatory authorities would apply additional and more stringent
criteria to us after considering the effectiveness of our auditor s audit procedures and quality control procedures, adequacy of
personnel and training, or sufficiency of resources, geographic reach, or experience as it relates to the audit of our financial statements.
There is a risk that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely the Company s auditor because of a position taken
by an authority in a foreign jurisdiction or any other reasons, and that the PCAOB may re-evaluate its determinations as a result of any
obstruction with the implementation of the Protocol. Such lack of inspection or re-evaluation could cause trading in the Company s
securities to be prohibited under the HFCAA ultimately result in a determination by a securities exchange to delist the Company s
securities. In addition, under the HFCAA as amended by the AHFCAA, our securities may be prohibited from trading on the OTC or other U.S.
stock exchanges if our auditor is not inspected by the PCAOB for two consecutive years, and this ultimately could result in our ordinary
shares being delisted by and exchange. 

Future developments in
respect of increased U.S. regulatory access to audit information are uncertain, as the legislative developments are subject to the legislative
process and the regulatory developments are subject to the rule-making process and other administrative procedures. 

See also Item 1A. Risk Factors - Risks
Related to Doing Business in China - Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, or the HFCAA, and the related regulations are evolving
quickly. Further implementations and interpretations of our amendments to the HFCAA or the related regulations, or a PCAOB s determination
of its lack of sufficient access to inspect our auditor, might pose regulatory risks to and impose restrictions on us because of our operations
in mainland China that PCAOB may not be able to inspect or investigate completely such audit documentation and, as such, you may be deprived
of the benefits of such inspection and our ordinary share could be delisted from the stock exchange pursuant to the HFCAA . 

2 

Regulatory Permissions and Developments 

We have determined that the laws and regulations
of the PRC do not currently have any material impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. However, there is
no assurance that there will not be any changes in the economic, political and legal environment in Hong Kong, where Pony HK operates,
in the future. If there is significant change to current political arrangements between mainland China and Hong Kong, companies operated
in Hong Kong such as us may face similar regulatory risks as those operated in PRC, including their ability to offer securities to investors,
list their securities on a U.S. or other foreign exchange, conduct their business or accept foreign investment. In light of China s
recent expansion of authority in Hong Kong, there are risks and uncertainties which we cannot foresee for the time being, and rules and
regulations in China can change quickly with little or no advance notice. The Chinese government may intervene or influence our current
and future operations in Hong Kong at any time, or may exert more control over offerings conducted overseas and/or foreign investment
in issuers likes ourselves. See Item 1A. Risk Factors - Risks Related to Doing Business in China . 

Except for the Basic Law, national laws of
the PRC do not apply in Hong Kong unless they are listed in Annex III of the Basic Law and applied locally by promulgation or local legislation.
National laws that may be listed in Annex III are currently limited under the Basic Law to those which fall within the scope of defense
and foreign affairs as well as other matters outside the limits of the autonomy of Hong Kong. National laws and regulations relating
to data protection, cybersecurity and anti-monopoly have not been listed in Annex III and do not apply directly to Hong Kong and, as
such, the CAC and CSRC do not currently have jurisdiction over companies operating in Hong Kong. 

In addition, in light of the recent statements
and regulatory actions by the PRC government, such as those related to Hong Kong s national security, the promulgation of regulations
prohibiting foreign ownership of Chinese companies operating in certain industries, which are constantly evolving, and anti-monopoly
concerns, we may be subject to the risks of uncertainty of any future actions of the PRC government in this regard including the risk
that the PRC government could disallow our holding company structure, which may result in a material change in our operations, including
our ability to continue our existing holding company structure, carry on our current business, accept foreign investments, and offer
or continue to offer securities to our investors. These adverse actions could cause the value of our securities to significantly decline
or become worthless. 

We also have operations in mainland China through
our subsidiary Universe Travel and that the risks with regards to obtaining regulatory permissions equally apply to both our China and
Hong Kong operation. We are aware that, recently, the PRC government initiated a series of regulatory actions and statements to regulate
business operations in certain areas in China with little advance notice, including cracking down on illegal activities in the securities
market, enhancing supervision over China-based companies listed overseas using variable interest entity structure, adopting new measures
to extend the scope of cybersecurity reviews, and expanding the efforts in anti-monopoly enforcement. For example, on July 6, 2021, the
General Office of the Communist Party of China Central Committee and the General Office of the State Council jointly issued a document
to crack down on illegal activities in the securities market and promote the high-quality development of the capital market, which, among
other things, requires the relevant governmental authorities to strengthen cross-border oversight of law-enforcement and judicial cooperation,
to enhance supervision over China-based companies listed overseas, and to establish and improve the system of extraterritorial application
of the PRC securities laws. Also, on July 10, 2021, the Cyberspace Administration of China (the CAC issued a revised draft
of the Measures for Cybersecurity Review for public comments, or the Revised Draft, which required that, among others, in addition to
 operator of critical information infrastructure , any data processor controlling personal information of no
less than one million users (which to be further specified) which seeks to list in a foreign stock exchange should also be subject to
cybersecurity review, and further elaborated the factors to be considered when assessing the national security risks of the relevant
activities. 

On February 24, 2023, the CSRC, the Ministry of Finance, the National
Administration of State Secrets Protection and the National Archives Administration jointly issued the Provisions on Strengthening Confidentiality
and Archives Administration of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies, or the Confidentiality and Archives Provisions
(the CAP ), which will take effective from March 31, 2023. The Confidentiality and Archives Provisions specify that during
the overseas issuance of securities and listing activities of domestic enterprises, domestic enterprises and securities companies and
securities service institutions that provide relevant securities services shall, by strictly abiding by the relevant laws and regulations
of the PRC and the requirements therein, establish sound confidentiality and archives management systems, take necessary measures to implement
confidentiality and archives management responsibilities, and shall not leak national secrets, work secrets of governmental agencies and
undermine national and public interests. Work manuscripts generated in the PRC by securities companies and securities service institutions
that provide relevant securities services for overseas issuance and listing of securities by domestic enterprises shall be kept in the
PRC. Without the approval of relevant competent authorities, it shall not be transferred overseas. Where archives or copies need to be
transferred outside of the PRC, it shall be subject to the approval procedures in accordance with relevant PRC regulations. 

Based on the Company s understanding of the
current PRC laws, as of the date of this report, we have determined that we, and our subsidiaries, are not currently required to obtain
any permission approval or business licenses from the CSRC, the CAC or any other regulatory authority in the PRC or in Hong Kong for our
operations, the trading of our securities on the OTCQB and the offering of our securities to foreign investors. The CSRC currently has
not issued any definitive rule or interpretation concerning whether we are subject to the CAP. In addition, the business of our Hong Kong
subsidiary, Pony HK is not subject to cybersecurity review with the CAC, given that PRC laws on data protection and cybersecurity do not
currently apply to Hong Kong. Further, for our Shenzhen subsidiary, Universe Travel, and to the extent that if we become subject to such
PRC laws in the future, we do not believe we are required to conduct a cybersecurity review because (i) we do not possess a large amount
of personal information on more than one million users in our business operations; and (ii) data processed in our business does not have
a bearing on national security and thus may not be classified as core or important data by the authorities. However, our operations could
be adversely affected, directly or indirectly, by future laws and regulations relating to our business or industry, if we inadvertently
conclude that such approvals or permissions are not required when they are, or applicable laws, regulations, or interpretations change
and we are required to obtain approvals or permissions in the future. We may be subject to penalties and sanctions imposed by the PRC
or Hong Kong regulatory agencies, including the CSRC, if we fail to comply with such rules and regulations, which could adversely affect
the ability of the Company s securities to continue to trade on the OTCQB, which may cause the value of our securities to significantly
decline or become worthless. 

3 

There may be prominent risks associated with
Pony HK s operations being in Hong Kong and Universe Travel being the PRC. For example, as a U.S.-listed public company with business
revenue derived primarily from our PRC-subsidiary, we may face heightened scrutiny, criticism and negative publicity, which could result
in a material change in our operations and the value of our common stock. Additionally, Pony HK is subject to certain legal and operational
risks associated with our business operations in Hong Kong, which is subject to political and economic influence from China. PRC laws
and regulations governing our current business operations are sometimes vague and uncertain, and we may face the risk that changes in
the policies of the PRC government could have a significant impact upon the business we conduct, through our subsidiaries Pony HK and
Universe Travel, in Shenzhen and in Hong Kong and the profitability of such business. Therefore, these risks associated with having part
of our operations in Hong Kong could likely cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or be worthless. Furthermore,
these risks would likely result in a material change in our business operations or a complete hinderance of our ability to offer or continue
to offer our securities to investors. In addition, changes in Chinese internal regulatory mandates, such as the Regulations on Mergers
and Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors (the M A Rules ), the Anti-Monopoly Law, the Cybersecurity
Law and the Data Security Law, may target the Company s corporate structure and impact our and our subsidiaries ability
to conduct business in Hong Kong and in Shenzhen, accept foreign investments, or list on an U.S. or other foreign exchange. 

The U.S. government,
including the SEC, has recently made statements and taken certain actions that may lead to significant changes to U.S. and international
relations, and will impact companies with connections to the United States or China (including Hong Kong). The SEC has issued statements
primarily focused on companies with significant China-based operations. For example, on July 30, 2021, Gary Gensler, Chairman of the SEC,
issued a Statement on Investor Protection Related to Recent Developments in China, pursuant to which Chairman Gensler stated that he has
asked the SEC staff to engage in targeted additional reviews of filings for companies with significant China-based operations. 

For a detailed description of the risks facing
the Company and the risks associated with having our operations in Hong Kong, please refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors -
Risks Related to Doing Business in China. 

Our Services 

The business nature of the Company is to provide
carpooling, airport pick-up and drop-off, and personal drivers services for travelers between Guangdong Province and Hong Kong. 

We offer our customers seamless, customized and
on-demand access to a variety of transportation options. Currently, most of our customers are entities such as business companies, travel
agencies or societal associations. To be as flexible and convenience as possible to our customers, we take orders from customers any time
through WeChat, Tencent QQ, email and phone call, upon which we obtain a quote from our car fleet companies and forward it to the customer.
Once the order is confirmed, the accepted car fleet company will perform the service by sending a driver to pick up the customer at the
scheduled time. We charge the car fleet company a 5-15 service fee on each completed order. 

Sales and Marketing 

We market our services to users directly through
word-of-mouth referrals, brand advertising. We plan to attract consumers and promote offerings on our Let s Go application
through sponsored events, social networking sites including Facebook, Twitter and Instagram and other similar initiatives. 

4 

Seasonality 

Our current operations experience seasonality.
We see high demands of our services during the golden weeks in China which was intended to help expand the domestic tourism market. Our
business slows down during February to April. 

Intellectual Property 

We currently do not have any intellectual property.
In July 2019, we started the process of registering our trademark with the Trade Marks Registry in Hong Kong. 

Competition 

Competition in the car service industry is intense
and evolving. Our primary competitors are Shenzhen Anxun Automobile Rental Co., Ltd, The Motor Transport Company of Guangdong and Hong
Kong Limited and China Comfort (Shenzhen) Travel Services Co. Ltd. We believe the primary competitive factors in our markets include pricing,
user experience, brand, technological innovation, safety and reliability. We believe we compete favorably across these factors. We are
strategically positioned in the Guangdong-Hong Kong market where the demand for traveling between these two places is high. However, many
of our competitors and potential competitors are larger and have greater brand name recognition, longer operating histories, larger marketing
budgets and established marketing relationships, access to larger customer bases and significantly greater resources for the development
of their offerings. For additional information about the risks to our business related to competition, see the section titled Risk
Factors- We face intense competition and could lose market share to our competitors, which could adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

Employees 

As of the date of this Report, we have a total
of 3 full-time employees and 1 part-time employee working for customer services. The following table sets forth the number of our employees
categorized by function as of that date: 

Function 
 
 Total Number of Employees 
 
 Technology Product Development 
 
 2 
 
 Human Resource Administration 
 
 1 
 
 Customer Services 
 
 1 
 
 Total 
 
 4 

Facilities 

We lease an office at Engineer Experiment Building,
A202, 7 Gaoxin South Avenue, Nanshan District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, China, encompassing approximately 205 square meters of space
for a monthly rent of RMB 10,000 (approximately 1,570). The lease for this facility expires on February 28, 2024. We believe the
rented space is sufficient for our current operations. We believe our facilities are sufficient for our current needs. 

Insurance 

We currently do not have any insurance coverage
other than participation in various government statutory social security plans, including a pension contribution plan, a medical insurance
plan, an unemployment insurance plan, a work-related injury insurance plan, a maternity insurance plan and a housing provident fund. 

Legal Proceedings 

From time to time, we may in the future become
a party to various legal or administrative proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business, including actions with respect
to intellectual property infringement, violation of third-party licenses or other rights, breach of contract and labor and employment
claims. We are currently not a party to, and we are not aware of any threat of, any legal or administrative proceedings that, in the
opinion of our management, are likely to have any material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash-flow or results
of operations. 

5 

Regulations 

This section sets forth a summary of the most significant
laws, rules and regulations that affect our business and operations in China. We provide our service through third-party transportation
companies and do not own the vehicle ourselves for their operations, therefore we believe we do not need the qualifications related to
vehicle transportation operations. 

Regulations Relating to Foreign Investment 

The Guidance Catalog of Industries for Foreign Investment 

Investment activities in the PRC by foreign investors
shall comply with the Guidance Catalog of Industries for Foreign Investment, or the Catalog, which was promulgated and is amended continuously
by MOFCOM, and the National Development and Reform Commission, or NDRC. According to the Catalog, industries are classified as three categories:
encouraged foreign invested industries, restricted foreign invested industries and prohibited foreign invested industries. Any industry
not listed in the Catalog or any encouraged foreign invested industry listed in the Catalog is a permitted industry. Some restricted industries
are limited to equity or contractual joint ventures, while in some cases Chinese partners are required to hold the majority interests
in such joint ventures. Foreign investors are not allowed to invest in industries within the prohibited category. Industries not listed
in the Catalogue are generally open to foreign investment unless specifically restricted by other PRC regulations. 

In June 2018, the MOFCOM and the NDRC promulgated
the Special Administrative Measures for the Access of Foreign Investment (Negative List), or the Negative List (2018), effective in July
2018. The Negative List (2018) expands the scope of permitted industries by foreign investment by reducing the number of industries that
fall within the Negative List (2018) where restrictions on the shareholding percentage or requirements on the composition of board or
senior management still exists. In June 2019, the MOFCOM and the NDRC promulgated the Special Administrative Measures for the Access of
Foreign Investment (Negative List) (2019 Edition), or the Negative List (2019) to replace the Negative List (2018), effective in July
2019. On December 28, 2020, the National Development and Reform Commission and the Ministry of Commerce publicly released the Directory
of Industries to Encourage Foreign Investment (Encouraged Catalogue) (2020 Edition). On December 27, 2021, NDRC and MOFCOM jointly issued
the Special Administrative Measures for Foreign Investment Access (Negative List) (2021 Edition), and the Special Administrative Measures
for Foreign Investment Access in Pilot Free Trade Zones (Negative List) (2021 Edition), effective January 1, 2022. As per these policies,
the national negative list of foreign investment access was reduced from 33 to 31, and the negative list of foreign investment access
in the free trade zone was reduced from 30 to 27. Industries listed in the 2020 Encouraged Catalogue are the encouraged industries. On
the other hand, industries listed in the 2021 Negative List are subject to special management measures. For example, establishment of
wholly foreign-owned enterprises is generally allowed in industries outside of the 2021 Negative List. Also, foreign investors are not
allowed to invest in industries that are expressly prohibited in the 2021 Negative List. The industries that are not expressly prohibited
in the Negative List are still subject to government approvals and certain special requirements. We believe that our current business
is to provide travel services and therefore we do not falls in the Negative List (2021), the Negative List (2018) nor the Negative List
(2019). 

Foreign Investment Law 

On March 15, 2019, the National People s
Congress promulgated the Foreign Investment Law, which will become effective on January 1, 2020 and replace three existing laws on foreign
investments in China, namely, the Sino-Foreign Equity Joint Venture Enterprise Law and the Foreign Owned Enterprise Law, together with
their implementations and ancillary regulations to become the legal foundation for foreign investment in the PRC. 

According to the Foreign Investment Law, the State
Council will publish or approve to publish a catalogue for special administrative measures, or the negative list. The Foreign
Investment Law grants national treatment to foreign invested entities, except for those foreign invested entities that operate in industries
deemed to be either restricted or prohibited in the negative list. Because the negative
list has yet to be published, it is unclear whether it will differ from the current Negative List. The Foreign Investment Law provides
that foreign invested entities operating in foreign restricted or prohibited industries will require market entry clearance and other
approvals from relevant PRC governmental authorities. Furthermore, the Foreign Investment Law provides that foreign invested enterprises
established according to the existing laws regulating foreign investment may maintain their structure and corporate governance within
five years after the implementing of the Foreign Investment Law. 

Measures for Reporting of Foreign Investment Information 

On September 3, 2016, the Standing Committee of
the National People s Congress promulgated the Order of the Standing Committee of the National People s Congress on Amending
Four Laws Including the Law of the People s Republic of China on Wholly Foreign-owned Enterprises (the Order ), which
provides record-filing in lieu of administrative approval for the establishments and alterations of foreign invested enterprises (the
 FIEs not subject to special administrative measures. In order to provide more guidance for foreign-invested Enterprises,
the MOFCOM issued the Interim Administrative Measures for the Record-filing for the Establishment and Alteration of Foreign-invested Enterprises
(the Interim Measure on October 8, 2016 (Revised in July 30, 2017 and June 29, 2018), or the Measures. The Measures provided
detail instructions for foreign-invested enterprise to carry out record filing in terms of the change of the enterprise in China. 

6 

On December 30, 2019, MOFCOM and the State Administration for Market
Regulation jointly issued the Measures for Reporting of Foreign Investment Information, or the Foreign Investment Information Measures,
which came into effect on January 1, 2020 and replaced the Interim Measures. Since January 1, 2020, for foreign investors carrying out
investment activities directly or indirectly in the PRC, foreign investors or foreign-invested enterprises shall submit investment information
through the Enterprise Registration System and the National Enterprise Credit Information Publicity System operated by the State Administration
for Market Regulation. Foreign investors or foreign-invested enterprises shall disclose their investment information by submitting reports
for their establishments, modifications and cancellations and their annual reports in accordance with the Foreign Investment Information
Measures. If a foreign-invested enterprise investing in the PRC has finished submitting its reports for its establishment, modifications
and cancellation and its annual reports, the relevant information will be shared by the competent market regulation department to the
competent commercial department, and does not require such foreign-invested enterprise to submit the reports separately. 

The M A Rules 

The Provisions Regarding Mergers and Acquisitions
of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors, or the M A Rules, was jointly promulgated by MOFCOM, China Securities Regulatory Commission,
or CSRC, the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council, State Administration of Taxation, State
Administration of Industry and Commerce and State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or SAFE, on August 8, 2006 and became effective
as of September 8, 2006, and were later amended on June 22, 2009. This M A Rules governs among other things, the purchase and subscription
by foreign investors of equity interests in a domestic enterprise, and the purchase and operation by foreign investors of the assets and
business of a domestic enterprise. An offshore special purpose vehicle, or SPV, is defined under the M A Rules as an offshore entity
directly or indirectly controlled by Chinese individuals or enterprises for the purpose of an overseas listing, and the main assets of
which are the rights and interests in affiliated domestic enterprises. Under the M A Rules, if a SPV intends to merge with or acquire
any domestic enterprise affiliated from the Chinese individuals or enterprises that control the SPV, such proposed merger for approval.
The M A Rules also require that a SPV shall obtain an approval from the CSRC prior to the listing and trading of its securities on
an overseas stock exchange. 

Regulations Relating to Intellectual Property Rights 

Software Copyright 

The Copyright Law of the PRC, promulgated in 1990
and amended it in 2001 and 2010, and the Regulations on Computer Software Protection, promulgated by the State Council of the PRC on December
20, 2001 and revised on January 8, 2011 and January 1, 2013, provide protection to the rights and interests of computer software copyright
holders. Pursuant to the Regulations on Computer Software Protection, software developed by PRC citizens, legal entities or other organizations
is automatically protected immediately after its development, regardless of whether the software was published. A software copyright owner
may register with the designated registration authorities and obtain a registration certificate, which serves as preliminary proof of
ownership of the copyright and other registered matters. The operational procedures for the registration of software copyright and the
registration of software copyright license and transfer agreements are set forth in the Measures on Computer Software Copyright Registration
promulgated by the National Copyright Administration on February 20, 2002. 

Patents 

The NPCSC adopted the Patent Law of the PRC in
1984 and amended it in 1992, 2000 and 2008, respectively. A patentable invention, utility model or design must meet three conditions:
novelty, inventiveness and practical applicability. Patents cannot be granted for scientific discoveries, rules and methods for intellectual
activities, methods used to diagnose or treat diseases, animal and plant breeds or substances obtained by means of nuclear transformation.
The Patent Office under the State Intellectual Property Office is responsible for receiving, examining and approving patent applications.
A patent is valid for a twenty-year term for an invention and a ten-year term for a utility model or design, starting from the application
date. Except under certain specific circumstances provided by law, any third party user must obtain consent or a proper license from the
patent owner to use the patent, otherwise the use will constitute an infringement of the rights of the patent holder. 

Domain Name 

On November 5, 2004, the MIIT promulgated the Measures
for Administration of Domain Names for the Chinese Internet, or the Domain Name Measures. According to the Domain Name Measures, domain
name shall refer to the character identifier for identifying and locating the hierarchical structure of a computer on the Internet,
which corresponds to the Internet protocol (IP) address of the computer concerned. A domain name registration service shall observe the
principle of first apply, first register . Where the domain name is completed, the applicant for the domain name registration
shall be the holder of the domain name. 

Trademark 

The PRC Trademark Law, adopted in 1982 and revised
in 2001 and 2013, respectively, with its implementation rules adopted in 2002 and revised in 2014, protects registered trademarks. The
Trademark Office handles trademark registrations and grants a protection term of ten years to registered trademarks. 

7 

Regulations on Foreign Exchange 

Foreign Exchange Settlement 

The Circular of the State Administration of Foreign
Exchange on Reforming the Management Approach regarding the Settlement of Foreign Exchange Capital of Foreign-invested Enterprises, which
was promulgated by the SAFE on March 30, 2015 and became effective as of June 1, 2015, adopts the approach of discretional foreign exchange
settlement, under which the foreign exchange capital in the capital account of a foreign-invested enterprise for which the foreign-invested
enterprise has obtained confirmation by the local SAFE branches regarding the rights and interests of monetary contribution (or the book-entry
registration of monetary contribution by the banks) can be settled at the banks based on the actual operation needs of such foreign-invested
enterprise. The capital in Renminbi obtained by the foreign-invested enterprise from the discretionary settlement of foreign exchange
capital shall be managed under the account pending for foreign exchange settlement payment. The proportion of discretionary settlement
of foreign exchange capital is temporarily determined as 100 , subject to the adjustment of the SAFE. 

Regulations Relating to Foreign Exchange Registration
of Overseas Investment by PRC Residents 

SAFE Circular 37 promulgated by the SAFE in July
2014, requires PRC residents or entities to register with the SAFE or its local branch their establishment or control of an offshore entity
established for the purpose of overseas investment or financing. In addition, such PRC residents or entities must update their SAFE registrations
when the offshore special purpose vehicle undergoes material events relating to any change of its basic information (including change
of such PRC citizens or residents, name and operation term, and etc.) increases or decreases in investment amount, transfers or exchanges
of shares, or mergers or divisions, etc. 

SAFE further enacted the Notice of the SAFE on
Further Simplifying and Improving the Foreign Exchange Management Policies for Direct Investment, or the SAFE Notice 13, on February 13,
2015, which allows PRC residents or entities to register with qualified banks their establishment or control of an offshore entity established
for the purpose of overseas investment or financing. However, remedial registration applications made by PRC residents that previously
failed to comply with the SAFE Circular 37 will continue to fall under the jurisdiction of the relevant local branch of the SAFE. In the
event that a PRC shareholder holding interests in a special purpose vehicle fails to fulfill the required SAFE registration, the PRC subsidiaries
of that special purpose vehicle may be prohibited from distributing profits to the offshore parent and from carrying out subsequent cross-border
foreign exchange activities. Further, the special purpose vehicle may be restricted in its ability to contribute additional capital into
its PRC subsidiary. 

Regulations Relating to Dividend Distribution 

The principal laws and regulations regulating the
distribution of dividends by FIEs in the PRC include the Company Law of the PRC, as amended in 1999, 2004, 2005, 2013 and 2018, the Wholly
Foreign-owned Enterprise Law of the PRC promulgated in 1986 and last amended in 2016 and its implementation regulations promulgated in
1990 and subsequently amended in 2001 and 2014, the Equity Joint Venture Law of the PRC promulgated in 1979 and last amended in 2016 and
its implementation regulations promulgated in 1983 and last amended in 2014, and the Cooperative Joint Venture Law of the PRC promulgated
in 1988 and last amended in 2017 and its implementation regulations promulgated in 1995 and last amended in 2017. Under the current regulatory
regime in the PRC, FIEs in the PRC may pay dividends only out of their accumulated profit, if any, determined in accordance with PRC accounting
standards and regulations. Except otherwise provided by the laws regarding foreign investment, a PRC company is required to set aside
at least 10 of its after-tax profit as general reserves until the cumulative amount of such reserves reaches 50 of the company s
registered capital. A PRC company shall not distribute any profits until any losses from prior fiscal years have been offset. Profits
retained from prior fiscal years may be distributed together with distributable profits from the current fiscal year. 

Regulations Relating to Foreign Debts 

Considering that certain foreign debts may be generated
during the oversea or domestic investment from PRC residents, the State Administration of Foreign Exchange promulgated the Administrative
Measures for Registration of Foreign Debts, or the Measures, on April 28, 2013 and became effective on May 13, 2013. This Measures require
the entity to complete several regulatory procedures in terms of foreign debts. For example, after borrowed the foreign debts, debtors
shall carry out registration on local SAFE in relation to the execution of the contract, the drawdown, the prepayment or the foreign exchange
settlement and sales within a specific period. For any change of the foreign debts contract, an amendment registration shall be carried
out with the local SAFE. 

8 

Regulations Relating to Employment and Social Insurance 

Pursuant to the PRC Labor Law effective as of January
1, 1995 (as amended on August 27, 2009), and the PRC Labor Contract Law effective as of January 1, 2008 (as amended on December 28, 2012),
a written labor contract shall be executed by employer and an employee when the employment relationship is established, and an employer
is under an obligation to sign an unlimited- term labor contract with any employee who has worked for the employer for ten consecutive
years. In addition, if an employee requests or agrees to renew a fixed-term labor contract that has already been entered into twice consecutively,
the resulting contract must include an unlimited term, with certain exceptions. All employers are required to establish a system for labor
safety and sanitation, strictly abide by state rules and standards and provide employees with appropriate workplace safety training. Moreover,
all PRC enterprises are generally required to implement a standard working time system of eight hours a day and forty hours a week, and
if the implementation of such standard working time system is not appropriate due to the nature of the job or the on, the enterprise may
implement a flexible working time system or comprehensive working time system after obtaining approvals from the relevant authorities. 

According to the Social Insurance Law of China
effective from July 1, 2011, and the Housing Fund Regulation which was amended and became effective on March 24, 2002, employers in China
shall pay contributions to the social insurance plan and the housing fund plan for their employees, and such contribution amount payable
shall be calculated based on the employee actual salary in accordance with the relevant regulations. 

Regulations on Tax 

PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law 

On March 16, 2007, the National People s
Congress promulgated the Law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax, which was amended on February 24, 2017 and December 29, 2018, and on
December 6, 2007, the State Council of the PRC enacted The Regulations for the Implementation of the Law on Enterprise Income Tax, or
collectively, the EIT Law. According to the EIT Law, taxpayers consist of resident enterprises and non-resident enterprises. Resident
enterprises are defined as enterprises that are established in China in accordance with PRC laws, or that are established in accordance
with the laws of foreign countries but whose de facto management body is located in the PRC. Non-resident enterprises are
defined as enterprises that are set up in accordance with the laws of foreign countries and whose de facto management body is located
outside the PRC, but have either established institutions or premises in the PRC or have income generated from inside the PRC. Under the
EIT Law and relevant implementing regulations, enterprises are subject to a uniform corporate income tax rate of 25 . However, if non-resident
enterprises have not formed permanent establishments or premises in the PRC, or if they have formed permanent establishments or premises
in the PRC but their relevant income derived in the PRC is not related to those establishments, then their enterprise income tax would
be set at a rate of 10 for their income sourced from inside the PRC. 

As noted, the EIT Law provides that an income tax
rate of 10 will be applicable to dividends or other gains received by investors who are non-resident enterprises and who
meet the requirements for the lower enterprise income tax rate. Such income tax on dividends may be reduced further by the tax treaties
between China and the jurisdictions in which our non-PRC shareholders reside. Specifically, pursuant to an Arrangement between the PRC
and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region on the Avoidance of Double Taxation and Prevention of Fiscal Evasion, or the Double Tax
Avoidance Arrangement, and other applicable PRC laws, if a Hong Kong enterprise (being the beneficial owner of dividends from a PRC enterprise)
is determined by the competent PRC tax authority to have satisfied the relevant conditions and requirements under such Double Tax Avoidance
Arrangement and other applicable laws, the 10 withholding tax on the dividends that the Hong Kong enterprise receives from the PRC enterprise
may be reduced to 5 subject to approval from the relevant tax authority. However, based on the Notice on Certain Issues with Respect
to the Enforcement of Dividend Provisions in Tax Treaties, or Notice No. 81, issued on February 20, 2009 by the State Tax Administration,
if the relevant PRC tax authorities determine, in their discretion, that a company benefits from such reduced income tax rate due to a
corporate structure or arrangement that is primarily tax-driven, such PRC tax authorities may adjust the preferential tax treatment. Moreover,
based on the Announcement on Certain Issues Concerning the Recognition of Beneficial Owners in Tax Treaties, which was issued on February
3, 2018 by the State Tax Administration, conduit companies, which are established for the purpose of evading or reducing tax, or transferring
or accumulating profits, shall not be recognized as beneficial owners and are thus not entitled to the above tax benefits. 

PRC Value-added Tax Law 

The Provisional Regulations of the PRC on Value-added
Tax were promulgated by the State Council of the PRC on December 13,1993 and subsequently amended on November 10, 2008, February 6, 2016
and November 19, 2017. The Detailed Rules for the Implementation of the Provisional Regulations of the PRC on Value-added Tax (Revised
in 2011) was promulgated by the Ministry of Finance and the SAT on December 15, 2008 and subsequently amended on October 28, 2011 (collectively,
the VAT Law ). According to the VAT Law, all enterprises and individuals engaged in the sale of goods, provision of processing,
repair and replacement services, and importation of goods within the territory of the PRC must pay value-added tax, or VAT. Other than
exports (subject to 0 VAT rate) and certain products listed in the VAT Law (subject to 11 VAT rate), the sale and importation of goods
were generally subject to a VAT rate of 17 . Pursuant to the Circular of the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation
on Adjusting Value-added Tax Rates, which became effective on May 1, 2018, the previous applicable VAT rate of 17 and 11 are adjusted
to 16 and 10 , respectively. 

9 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

The following discussion of risk factors contains
forward-looking statements. These risk factors may be important to understanding other statements in this Report. The following information
should be read in conjunction with Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations and the consolidated financial statements and related notes in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data of this Form 10-K. 

The business, financial condition and operating
results of the Company can be affected by a number of factors, whether currently known or unknown, including but not limited to those
described below, any one or more of which could, directly or indirectly, cause the Company s actual financial condition and operating
results to vary materially from past, or from anticipated future, financial condition and operating results. Any of these factors, in
whole or in part, could materially and adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition, operating results and stock
price. In particular, our risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 

Risks
Related to Our Business 

We
are an early stage company with a limited operating history. Our limited operating history may not provide an adequate basis to judge
our future prospects and results of operations. 

We
face intense competition and could lose market share to our competitors, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

We
could be subject to claims from riders, drivers or third parties that are harmed whether or not our service or platform is in use, which
could adversely affect our business, brand, financial condition and results of operations. 

We
rely on other third-party service providers and if such third parties do not perform adequately or terminate their relationships with
us, our costs may increase and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

If
we are not able to successfully develop new offerings and enhance our existing offerings, our business, financial condition and results
of operations could be adversely affected. 

10 

Any
failure to offer high-quality user support may harm our relationships with users and could adversely affect our reputation, brand, business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
business could be adversely impacted by changes in the Internet and mobile device accessibility of users and unfavorable changes in or
our failure to comply with existing or future laws governing the Internet and mobile devices. 

The
impact of any kind of epidemic, such as the coronavirus, on our operations, and the operations of the car fleet companies, may harm our
business. 

We
rely on mobile operating systems and application marketplaces to make our apps available to the drivers and riders on our platform, and
if we do not effectively operate with or receive favorable placements within such application marketplaces and maintain high rider reviews,
our usage or brand recognition could decline and our business, financial results and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

We
depend on the interoperability of our platform across third-party applications and services that we do not control. 

Failure
to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our
platform contains third-party open source software components, and failure to comply with the terms of the underlying open source software
licenses could restrict our ability to provide our offerings. 

Failure
to maintain our reputation and brand image could negatively impact our business. 

Our
success is dependent on retaining key personnel who would be difficult to replace. 

The
legal requirements associated with being a public company, including those contained in and issued under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, may
make it difficult for us to retain or attract qualified officers and directors, which could adversely affect the management of our business
and our ability to obtain listing of our common stock 

If
we fail to establish and maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to report our financial results accurately
or prevent fraud. Any inability to report and file our financial results accurately and timely could harm our business and adversely
impact the trading price of our common stock. 

Operating
as a public company requires us to incur substantial costs and requires substantial management attention. In addition, key members of
our management team have limited experience managing a public company. 

As
an emerging growth company under applicable law, we will be subject to lessened disclosure requirements, which could leave
our shareholders without information or rights available to shareholders of more mature companies. 

Because
we have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards for an emerging growth
company, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. 

11 

Risks Related to Doing Business in China 

Changes
in the political and economic policies of the PRC government may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations and may result in our inability to sustain our growth and expansion strategies. 

There
are uncertainties regarding the interpretation and enforcement of PRC laws, rules and regulations. 

The
PRC government exerts substantial influence over the manner in which we conduct our business activities. The PRC government may also
intervene or influence our operations and this offering at any time, which could result in a material change in our operations and our
common stock could decline in value or become worthless. 

The CSRC has enacted the draft rules for China-based companies seeking to conduct initial public offerings in foreign markets. While such rules have not yet gone into effect and we have determined we are not subject to the measures, the CSRC may exert more oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas and foreign investment in China-based issuers, which could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer our common stock to investors and could cause the value of our common stock to significantly decline or become worthless. 

Failure
to make adequate contributions to various employee benefit plans and withhold individual income tax on employees salaries as required
by PRC regulations may subject us to penalties. 

We
must remit the offering proceeds to China before they may be used to benefit our business in China, and we cannot assure that we can
finish all necessary governmental registration processes in a timely manner. 

If
relations between the United States and China worsen, investors may be unwilling to hold or buy our stock and our stock price may decrease. 

The
fluctuation of the Renminbi may have a material adverse effect on your investment. 

Restrictions
on currency exchange may limit our ability to receive and use our revenue effectively. 

The
PRC s legal and judicial system may not adequately protect our business and operations and the rights of foreign investors. 

Because
our principal assets are located outside of the United States, it may be difficult for you to enforce your rights based on U.S. federal
securities laws against us or to enforce a U.S. court judgment against us or our operating subsidiaries in the PRC and in Hong Kong 

Our
operations could be adversely affected, directly or indirectly, by future PRC laws and regulations relating to our business or industry,
if we inadvertently conclude that such approvals or permissions, including business licenses, are not required when they are, or applicable laws, regulations, or interpretations
change and we are required to obtain approvals or permissions in the future. 

You
may face difficulties in protecting your interests and exercising your rights as our stockholder since we conduct the bulk of our operations
in China. 

We
and our shareholders face uncertainties with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC resident enterprises or other assets
attributed to a Chinese establishment of a non-Chinese company, or immovable properties located in China owned by non-Chinese companies. 

The
future development of national security laws and regulations in Hong Kong could materially impact our business by possibly triggering
sanctions and other measures which can cause economic harm to our business. 

12 

Potential
political and economic instability in Hong Kong may adversely impact our results of operations. We may also face the risk that changes
in the policies of the PRC government could have a significant impact upon the business we conduct in Hong Kong and the profitability
of such business. 

Our
Hong Kong and Shenzhen subsidiaries may be subject to restrictions on paying dividends or making other payments to us, which may restrict
its ability to satisfy liquidity requirements, conduct business and pay dividends to holders of our common stock. Dividends payable to
our foreign investors and gains on the sale of our shares of common stock by our foreign investors may become subject to tax by the PRC. 

Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, or the HFCAA, and the related regulations are evolving quickly. Further implementations and interpretations of our amendments to the HFCAA or the related regulations, or a PCAOB s determination of its lack of sufficient access to inspect our auditor, might pose regulatory risks to and impose restrictions on us because of our operations in mainland China that PCAOB may not be able to inspect or investigate completely such audit documentation and, as such, you may be deprived of the benefits of such inspection and our ordinary share could be delisted from the stock exchange pursuant to the HFCAA. 

Risks
Related to Our Common Stock 

Our
majority stockholders will control our company for the foreseeable future, including the outcome of matters requiring shareholder approval. 

No
public market for our common stock currently exists, and an active trading market may not develop or be sustained following this offering. 

While
we believe our revenues and cash on hand are adequate to meet our immediate needs, we may require additional funding in order to progress
our business in the future. If we are unable to raise additional capital, we could be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate portions of
our business. 

There is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

Raising
additional capital may cause dilution to our stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies
or product candidates. 

Even
if our common stock becomes publicly-traded and an active trading market develops, the market price for our common stock may be volatile. 

Our
common stock may be thinly traded and you may be unable to sell at or near ask prices or at all if you need to sell your shares to raise
money or otherwise desire to liquidate your shares. 

Our
common stock may be considered a penny stock, and thereby be subject to additional sale and trading regulations that may
make it more difficult to sell. 

FINRA
sales practice requirements may also limit your ability to buy and sell shares of our common stock, which could depress the price of
shares of our common stock. 

You
may face significant restrictions on the resale of your shares of our common stock due to state blue sky laws. 

Potential
future sales under Rule 144 may depress the market price for the common stock. 

Volatility
in our common stock price may subject us to securities litigation. 

We
are not likely to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

U.S.
investors may experience difficulties in attempting to effect a service of process and enforce judgments based upon U.S. Federal Securities
Laws against the company and its non U.S. resident officer and director. 

The
Company is selling shares without an underwriter and may not be able to sell all or any of the shares offered herein. 

The
exclusive forum provision in our subscription agreement may have the effect of limiting a purchaser s ability to bring legal action
against the company and could limit a purchaser s ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes. 

Purchasers
in this offering may not be entitled to a jury trial with respect to claims arising under the subscription agreement, which could result
in less favorable outcomes to the plaintiff(s) in any such action. 

Because
of the following factors, as well as other factors affecting the Company s financial condition and operating results, past financial
performance should not be considered to be a reliable indicator of future performance, and investors should not use historical trends
to anticipate results or trends in future periods. 

13 

Risks Related to Our Business 

We are an early stage company with a limited operating history.
Our limited operating history may not provide an adequate basis to judge our future prospects and results of operations. 

We have a limited operating history. Our first
operating subsidiary, Pony Limousine Services Limited was established in Hong Kong on April 28, 2018 to engage in providing car services
to travelers between Guangdong Province and Hong Kong. Pony Group Inc. was established in the State of Delaware on January 7, 2019. We
have limited experience and operating history in the travel industry. Our limited history may not provide a meaningful basis for investors
to evaluate our business, financial performance and prospects. 

We face intense competition and could lose market share to our
competitors, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

The market for car services is intensely competitive
and characterized by rapid changes in technology, shifting rider needs and frequent introductions of new services and offerings. We expect
competition to continue, both from current competitors and new entrants in the market that may be well-established and enjoy greater resources
or other strategic advantages. If we are unable to anticipate or react to these competitive challenges, our competitive position could
weaken, or fail to improve, and we could experience a decline in revenue or growth stagnation that could adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations. 

Our main competitors in mainland China and Hong
Kong include Shenzhen Anxun Automobile Rental Co., Ltd., The Motor Transport Company of Guangdong and Hong Kong Limited and China Comfort
(Shenzhen) Travel Services Co., Ltd. 

Certain of our competitors have greater financial,
technical, marketing, research and development, manufacturing and other resources, greater name recognition, longer operating histories
or a larger user base than we do. They may be able to devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sale of offerings and
offer lower prices than we do, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Further, they may have greater resources to deploy
towards the research, development and commercialization of new technologies, or they may have other financial, technical or resource advantages.
These factors may allow our competitors to derive greater revenue and profits from their existing user bases, attract and retain new qualified
drivers and new riders at lower costs or respond more quickly to new and emerging technologies and trends. Our current and potential competitors
may also establish cooperative or strategic relationships amongst themselves or with third parties that may further enhance their resources
and offerings. 

We believe that our ability to compete effectively
depends upon many factors both within and beyond our control, including: 

the popularity, utility, ease
of use, performance and reliability of our offerings compared to those of our competitors; 

our reputation and brand strength
relative to our competitors; 

the prices of our offerings and the fees we charge drivers on our platform; 

our ability to attract and retain qualified drivers and riders; 

our ability, and the ability of our competitors, to develop new offerings; 

14 

our ability to establish and maintain relationships with partners; 

changes mandated by, or that we elect to make, to address, legislation, regulatory authorities or litigation, including settlements, judgments, injunctions and consent decrees; 

our ability to attract, retain and motivate talented employees; 

our ability to raise additional capital; and 

acquisitions or consolidation within our industry. 

If we are unable to compete successfully, our business,
financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

We could be subject to claims from riders,
drivers or third parties that are harmed whether or not our service or platform is in use, which could adversely affect our business,
brand, financial condition and results of operations. 

We could be subject to claims, lawsuits, investigations
and other legal proceedings relating to injuries to, or deaths of, riders, drivers or third parties that are attributed to us through
our offerings. We may also be subject to claims alleging that we are directly or vicariously liable for the acts of the drivers from the
car fleet companies that we collaborated with. We may be subject to personal injury claims whether or not such injury actually occurred
as a result of activity on our platform. Regardless of the outcome of any legal proceeding, any injuries to, or deaths of, any riders,
drivers or third parties could result in negative publicity and harm to our brand, reputation, business, financial condition and results
of operations. Any of the foregoing risks could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We rely on other third-party service
providers and if such third parties do not perform adequately or terminate their relationships with us, our costs may increase and our
business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Our success depends in part on our relationships
with other third-party service providers, such as Hong Kong Wanjin Industry Co., Limited and Yahong Business Limited. Further, from time
to time, we enter into collaboration arrangement in connection with car fleets and drivers. If any of our partners terminates its relationship
with us or refuses to renew its agreement with us on commercially reasonable terms, we would need to find an alternate provider, and may
not be able to secure similar terms or replace such providers in an acceptable timeframe. We also rely on other software and services
supplied by third parties, such as communications and internal software, and our business may be adversely affected to the extent such
software and services do not meet our expectations, contain errors or vulnerabilities, are compromised or experience outages. Any of these
risks could increase our costs and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, any negative
publicity related to any of our third-party partners, including any publicity related to quality standards or safety concerns, could adversely
affect our reputation and brand, and could potentially lead to increased regulatory or litigation exposure. 

If we are not able to successfully develop
new offerings and enhance our existing offerings, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Our ability to attract new riders, retain existing
riders and increase utilization of our offerings will depend in part on our ability to successfully create and introduce new offerings
and to improve upon and enhance our existing offerings. As a result, we may introduce significant changes to our existing offerings or
develop and introduce new and unproven offerings. Furthermore, new rider demands regarding service, the availability of superior competitive
offerings or a deterioration in the quality of our offerings or our ability to bring new or enhanced offerings to market quickly and efficiently
could negatively affect the attractiveness of our service and the economics of our business and require us to make substantial changes
to and additional investments in our offerings or our business model. In addition, we frequently experiment with and test different offerings
and marketing strategies. If these experiments and tests are unsuccessful, or if the offerings and strategies we introduce based on the
results of such experiments and tests do not perform as expected, our ability to attract new qualified drivers and new riders, retain
existing qualified drivers and existing riders and maintain or increase utilization of our offerings may be adversely affected. 

Developing and launching new offerings or enhancements
to the existing offerings involves significant risks and uncertainties, including risks related to the reception of such offerings by
existing and potential future riders, increases in operational complexity, unanticipated delays or challenges in implementing such offerings
or enhancements, increased strain on our operational and internal resources (including an impairment of our ability to accurately forecast
rider demand) and negative publicity in the event such new or enhanced offerings are perceived to be unsuccessful. We have scaled our
business rapidly, and significant new initiatives have in the past resulted in, and in the future may result in, operational challenges
affecting our business. In addition, developing and launching new offerings and enhancements to our existing offerings may involve significant
upfront capital investments and such investments may not generate return on investment. Any of the foregoing risks and challenges could
negatively impact our ability to attract and retain qualified drivers and riders, our ability to increase utilization of our offerings
and our visibility into expected results of operations, and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Additionally, since we are focused on building our community and ecosystems for the long-term, our near-term results of operations may
be impacted by our investments in the future. 

15 

Any failure to offer high-quality user
support may harm our relationships with users and could adversely affect our reputation, brand, business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

Our ability to attract and retain riders is dependent
in part on the ease and reliability of our offerings, including our ability to provide high-quality support. Our customers depend on our
support organization to resolve any issues relating to our offerings, such as being overcharged for a ride, leaving something in a driver s
vehicle or reporting a safety incident. Our ability to provide effective and timely support is largely dependent on our ability to attract
and retain service providers who are qualified to support users and sufficiently knowledgeable regarding our offerings. As we continue
to grow our business and improve our offerings, we will face challenges related to providing quality support services at scale. If we
grow our international rider base, our support organization will face additional challenges, including those associated with delivering
support in languages other than Chinese. Any failure to provide efficient user support, or a market perception that we do not maintain
high-quality support, could adversely affect our reputation, brand, business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Systems failures and resulting interruptions
in the availability of our website, applications, platform or offerings could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

Our systems, or those of third parties upon which
we rely, may experience service interruptions or degradation because of hardware and software defects or malfunctions, distributed denial-of-service and
other cyberattacks, human error, earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, natural disasters, power losses, disruptions in telecommunications
services, fraud, military or political conflicts, terrorist attacks, computer viruses, ransomware, malware or other events. Our systems
also may be subject to break-ins, sabotage, theft and intentional acts of vandalism, including by our own employees. Some of
our systems are not fully redundant and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. Our business interruption
insurance may not be sufficient to cover all of our losses that may result from interruptions in our service as a result of systems failures
and similar events. 

We will likely continue to experience system failures
and other events or conditions from time to time that interrupt the availability or reduce or affect the speed or functionality of our
offerings. These events have resulted in, and similar future events could result in, losses of revenue. A prolonged interruption in the
availability or reduction in the availability, speed or other functionality of our offerings could adversely affect our business and reputation
and could result in the loss of users. Moreover, to the extent that any system failure or similar event results in harm or losses to the
users using our platform, we may make voluntary payments to compensate for such harm or the affected users could seek monetary recourse
or contractual remedies from us for their losses and such claims, even if unsuccessful, would likely be time-consuming and costly for
us to address. 

Our business could be adversely impacted
by changes in the Internet and mobile device accessibility of users and unfavorable changes in or our failure to comply with existing
or future laws governing the Internet and mobile devices. 

Our business depends on users access to
our platform via a mobile device and the Internet. We may operate in jurisdictions that provide limited Internet connectivity, particularly
as we expand internationally. Internet access and access to a mobile device are frequently provided by companies with significant market
power that could take actions that degrade, disrupt or increase the cost of users ability to access our platform. In addition,
the Internet infrastructure that we and users of our platform rely on in any particular geographic area may be unable to support the demands
placed upon it. Any such failure in Internet or mobile device accessibility, even for a short period of time, could adversely affect our
results of operations. 

The impact of any kind of epidemic, such as the coronavirus,
on our operations, and the operations of the car fleet companies, may harm our business. 

Our business could be adversely affected by the
outbreaks of epidemics in China and globally, such as the Corona Virus Disease 2019, or COVID-19 originated in Wuhan, China, Ebola virus
disease, H1N1 flu, H7N9 flu, avian flu, Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome, or SARS, or other epidemics. Past occurrences of epidemics
have caused different degrees of damage to the national and local economies. A recurrence of an outbreak of any kind of epidemic could
cause a slowdown in the levels of economic activity generally, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results
of operations. Should major public health issues, including pandemics, arise, we could be adversely affected by more stringent travel
restrictions, additional limitations in car services and governmental actions limiting the movement of people between regions. 

16 

Moreover, we are subject to a number of laws and
regulations specifically governing the Internet and mobile devices that are constantly evolving. Existing and future laws and regulations,
or changes thereto, may impede the growth and availability of the Internet and online offerings, require us to change our business practices
or raise compliance costs or other costs of doing business. These laws and regulations, which continue to evolve, cover taxation, privacy
and data protection, pricing, copyrights, distribution, mobile and other communications, advertising practices, consumer protections,
the provision of online payment services, unencumbered Internet access to our offerings and the characteristics and quality of online
offerings, among other things. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with any of these laws or regulations could result in
damage to our reputation and brand a loss in business and proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or others, which
could adversely impact our results of operations. 

We rely on mobile operating systems
and application marketplaces to make our apps available to the drivers and riders on our platform, and if we do not effectively operate
with or receive favorable placements within such application marketplaces and maintain high rider reviews, our usage or brand recognition
could decline and our business, financial results and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

We depend in part on mobile operating systems,
such as Android and iOS, and their respective application marketplaces to make our apps available to the drivers and riders on our
platform. Any changes in such systems and application marketplaces that degrade the functionality of our apps or give preferential treatment
to our competitors apps could adversely affect our platform s usage on mobile devices. If such mobile operating systems or
application marketplaces limit or prohibit us from making our apps available to drivers and riders, make changes that degrade the functionality
of our apps, increase the cost of using our apps, impose terms of use unsatisfactory to us or modify their search or ratings algorithms
in ways that are detrimental to us, or if our competitors placement in such mobile operating systems application marketplace
is more prominent than the placement of our apps, overall growth in our rider or driver base could slow. Our apps have experienced fluctuations
in number of downloads in the past, and we anticipate similar fluctuations in the future. Any of the foregoing risks could adversely affect
our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

As new mobile devices and mobile platforms are
released, there is no guarantee that certain mobile devices will continue to support our platform or effectively roll out updates to our
apps. Additionally, in order to deliver high-quality apps, we need to ensure that our offerings are designed to work effectively with
a range of mobile technologies, systems, networks and standards. We may not be successful in developing or maintaining relationships with
key participants in the mobile industry that enhance drivers and riders experience. If drivers or riders on our platform
encounter any difficulty accessing or using our apps on their mobile devices or if we are unable to adapt to changes in popular mobile
operating systems, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

We depend on the interoperability of
our platform across third-party applications and services that we do not control. 

We have integrations with AutoNavi Maps (also known
as Gaode Maps) and a variety of other productivity, collaboration, travel, data management and security vendors. As our offerings expand
and evolve, including as we develop autonomous technology, we may have an increasing number of integrations with other third-party applications,
products and services. Third-party applications, products and services are constantly evolving, and we may not be able to maintain or
modify our platform to ensure its compatibility with third-party offerings following development changes. As our mobile application and
respective products evolve, we expect the types and levels of competition to increase. Should any of our competitors or technology partners
modify their products, standards or terms of use in a manner that degrades the functionality or performance of our platform or is otherwise
unsatisfactory to us or gives preferential treatment to competitive products or services, our products, platform, business, financial
condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

17 

Failure to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights
could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our success is dependent in part upon
protecting our intellectual property rights and technology (such as code, information, data, processes and other forms of information,
knowhow and technology), or intellectual property. We rely on a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade secret
laws and contractual restrictions to establish and protect our intellectual property. However, the steps we take to protect our intellectual
property may not be sufficient or effective. Even if we do detect violations, we may need to engage in litigation to enforce our rights.
Any enforcement efforts we undertake, including litigation, could be time-consuming and expensive and could divert management attention.
While we take precautions designed to protect our intellectual property, it may still be possible for competitors and other unauthorized
third parties to copy our technology and use our proprietary information to create or enhance competing solutions and services, which
could adversely affect our position in our rapidly evolving and highly competitive industry. 

We may be required to spend significant
resources in order to monitor and protect our intellectual property rights, and some violations may be difficult or impossible to detect.
Litigation to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights could be costly, time-consuming and distracting to management and could
result in the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property. Our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may
be met with defenses, counterclaims and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights. Our
inability to protect our proprietary technology against unauthorized copying or use, as well as any costly litigation or diversion of
our management s attention and resources, could impair the functionality of our platform, delay introductions of enhancements to
our platform, result in our substituting inferior or more costly technologies into our platform or harm our reputation or brand. In addition,
we may be required to license additional technology from third parties to develop and market new offerings or platform features, which
may not be on commercially reasonable terms or at all and could adversely affect our ability to compete. 

Our industry has also been subject to
attempts to steal intellectual property, particularly regarding autonomous vehicle development, including by foreign actors. We, along
with others in our industry, have been the target of attempted thefts of our intellectual property and may be subject to such attempts
in the future. Although we take measures to protect our property, if we are unable to prevent the theft of our intellectual property or
its exploitation, the value of our investments may be undermined and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be
negatively impacted. 

Our platform contains third-party open
source software components, and failure to comply with the terms of the underlying open source software licenses could restrict our ability
to provide our offerings. 

Our platform contains software modules
licensed to us by third-party authors under open source licenses. Use and distribution of open source software may entail
greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide support, warranties, indemnification
or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. In addition, the public availability of such
software may make it easier for others to compromise our platform. 

Some open source licenses contain requirements
that we make available source code for modifications or derivative works we create based upon the type of open source software we use,
or grant other licenses to our intellectual property. If we combine our proprietary software with open source software in a certain manner,
we could, under certain open source licenses, be required to release the source code of our proprietary software to the public. This would
allow our competitors to create similar offerings with lower development effort and time and ultimately could result in a loss of our
competitive advantages. Alternatively, to avoid the public release of the affected portions of our source code, we could be required to
expend substantial time and resources to re-engineer some or all of our software. If we are held by the court to have breached
or failed to fully comply with all the terms and conditions of an open source software license, we could face infringement or other liability,
or be required to seek costly licenses from third parties to continue providing our offerings on terms that are not economically feasible,
to re-engineer our platform, to discontinue or delay the provision of our offerings if re-engineering could not be
accomplished on a timely basis or to make generally available, in source code form, our proprietary code, any of which could adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

18 

Our business and results of operations
are also subject to global economic conditions, including any resulting effect on spending by us or our riders. If general economic conditions
deteriorate in China or in other markets where we operate, discretionary spending may decline and demand for ridesharing may be reduced.
An economic downturn resulting in a prolonged recessionary period may have a further adverse effect on our revenue. 

Failure to maintain our reputation and brand image could negatively
impact our business. 

Our brand has received a certain level
of recognition in mainland China, Hong Kong. Our success depends on our ability to maintain and enhance our brand image and reputation.
We could be adversely affected if our brand is tarnished or receives negative publicity. In addition, adverse publicity about regulatory
or legal action against us could damage our reputation and brand image, undermine consumer confidence in us, and reduce long-term demand
for our products, even if the regulatory or legal action is unfounded or not material to our operations. 

In addition, our success in maintaining,
extending and expanding our brand image depends on our ability to adapt to a rapidly changing media and internet environment, including
our reliance on online advertising. Negative posts or comments about us on social networking websites could seriously damage our reputation
and brand image. If we do not maintain, extend and expand our brand image, our product sales, financial condition or results of operations
could be materially and adversely affected. 

Our success is dependent on retaining key personnel who would
be difficult to replace. 

Our success depends largely on the continued
services of our key management members. In particular, our success depends on the continued efforts of Ms. Wenxian Fan, our founder and
Chief Executive Officer, President and Director. There can be no assurance that Ms. Fan will continue in her present capacities for any
particular period of time. The loss of the services of Ms. Fan could materially and adversely affect our business development and our
ability to expand and grow. 

The legal requirements associated with being a public company,
including those contained in and issued under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, may make it difficult for us to retain or attract qualified officers
and directors, which could adversely affect the management of our business and our ability to obtain listing of our common stock . 

We may be unable to attract and retain
qualified officers and directors necessary to provide for our effective management because of the rules and regulations that govern publicly
listed companies, including, but not limited to, certifications by principal executive officers. Currently, our Chief Executive Officer
does not have extensive experience in operating a U.S. public company. Moreover, the actual and perceived personal risks associated with
compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and other public company requirements may deter qualified individuals from accepting roles as directors
and executive officers. At present, we do not maintain an independent board of directors. Further, the requirements for board
or committee membership, particularly with respect to an individual s independence and level of experience in finance and accounting
matters, may make it difficult to attract and retain qualified board members going forward. If we are unable to attract and
retain qualified officers and directors, the management of our business and our ability to obtain or retain the listing of our common
stock on any stock exchange (assuming we are able to obtain such listing) could be adversely affected. 

If we fail to establish and maintain an effective system of internal
controls, we may not be able to report our financial results accurately or prevent fraud. Any inability to report and file
our financial results accurately and timely could harm our business and adversely impact the trading price of our common stock . 

We are required to establish and maintain
internal controls over financial reporting, disclosure controls and to comply with other requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the
rules promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC thereunder. Our senior management, which currently
consists of Ms. Fan, cannot guarantee that our internal controls and disclosure procedures will prevent all possible errors or all fraud.
A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives
of the control system are met. In addition, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and
the benefit of controls must be relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no system of controls
can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been detected. These inherent
limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error
or mistake. Further, controls can be circumvented by individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more persons, or by management s
override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of
future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions.
Over time, a control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may
deteriorate. Because of inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may
not be detected. 

19 

Operating as a public company requires us to incur substantial
costs and requires substantial management attention. In addition, key members of our management team have limited experience managing
a public company. 

As a public company, we will incur substantial
legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. For example, we are subject to the reporting requirements
of the Exchange Act, the applicable requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act, the rules and regulations of the SEC. For example, the Exchange Act
requires, among other things, we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business, financial condition and results
of operations. Compliance with these rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs, and increase demand
on our systems, particularly after we are no longer an emerging growth company. In addition, as a public company, we may be subject to
stockholder activism, which can lead to additional substantial costs, distract management and impact the manner in which we operate our
business in ways we cannot currently anticipate. As a result of disclosure of information in this prospectus and in filings required
of a public company, our business and financial condition will become more visible, which may result in threatened or actual litigation,
including by competitors. 

Our current management has limited experience
managing a publicly traded company, interacting with public company investors and complying with the increasingly complex laws pertaining
to public companies. Our management team may not successfully or efficiently manage our transition to being a public company subject
to significant regulatory oversight and reporting obligations under the federal securities laws and the continuous scrutiny of securities
analysts and investors. These new obligations and constituents will require significant attention from our senior management and could
divert their attention away from the day-to-day management of our business, which could adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

As an emerging growth company under applicable
law, we will be subject to lessened disclosure requirements, which could leave our shareholders without information or rights available
to shareholders of more mature companies. 

For as long as we remain an emerging
growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (which we refer to herein as the JOBS Act), we have
elected to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that
are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to: 

not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements
 of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; 

taking advantage of an extension of time to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards; 

reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy
 statements; and 

exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation
 and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 

20 

We expect to take advantage of these
reporting exemptions until we are no longer an emerging growth company. Because of these lessened regulatory requirements,
our shareholders would be left without information or rights available to shareholders of more mature companies. 

Because we have elected to use the extended transition period
for complying with new or revised accounting standards for an emerging growth company, our financial statements may not
be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. 

We have elected to use the extended transition
period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act. This election allows us to delay
the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards
apply to private companies. As a result of this election, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with
public company effective dates. Consequently, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company
effective dates. As such, investors may have difficulty evaluating or comparing our business, performance or prospects in comparison to
other public companies, which may have a negative impact on the value and liquidity of shares of our common stock. 

Risks Related to Doing Business in China 

Changes in the political and economic policies of the PRC government
may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and may result in our inability to sustain
our growth and expansion strategies. 

Most of our operations are conducted
in the PRC and a significant percentage of our revenue is sourced from the PRC. Accordingly, our financial condition and results of operations
are affected to a significant extent by economic, political and legal developments in the PRC or changes in government relations between
China and the United States or other governments. There is significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the United States
and China with respect to trade policies, treaties, government regulations and tariffs. 

The PRC economy differs from the economies
of most developed countries in many respects, including the extent of government involvement, level of development, growth rate, control
of foreign exchange and allocation of resources. Although the PRC government has implemented measures emphasizing the utilization of
market forces for economic reform, the reduction of state ownership of productive assets, and the establishment of improved corporate
governance in business enterprises, a substantial portion of productive assets in China is still owned by the government. In addition,
the PRC government continues to play a significant role in regulating industry development by imposing industrial policies. The PRC government
also exercises significant control over China s economic growth by allocating resources, controlling payment of foreign currency-denominated
obligations, setting monetary policy, regulating financial services and institutions and providing preferential treatment to particular
industries or companies. 

21 

While the PRC economy has experienced
significant growth in the past three decades, growth has been uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy. The
PRC government has implemented various measures to encourage economic growth and guide the allocation of resources. Some of these measures
may benefit the overall PRC economy, but may also have a negative effect on us. Our financial condition and results of operation could
be materially and adversely affected by government control over capital investments or changes in tax regulations that are applicable
to us. In addition, the PRC government has implemented in the past certain measures, including interest rate increases, to control the
pace of economic growth. These measures may cause decreased economic activity, which in turn could lead to a reduction in demand for
our services and consequently have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition and results of operations. 

In July 2021, the Chinese government
provided new guidance on China-based companies raising capital outside of China, including through VIE arrangements. In light of such
developments, the SEC has imposed enhanced disclosure requirements on China-based companies seeking to register securities with the SEC.
As substantially all of our operations are based in China, any future Chinese, U.S. or other rules and regulations that place restrictions
on capital raising or other activities by China based companies could adversely affect our business and results of operations. If the
business environment in China deteriorates from the perspective of domestic or international investment, or if relations between China
and the United States or other governments deteriorate, the Chinese government may intervene with our operations and our business in China
and United States, as well as the market price of our common stock, may also be adversely affected. 

There are uncertainties regarding the interpretation and enforcement
of PRC laws, rules and regulations. 

Most of our operations are conducted in the
PRC, and are governed by PRC laws, rules and regulations. Our PRC subsidiary are subject to laws, rules and regulations applicable to
foreign investment in China. The PRC legal system is a civil law system based on written statutes. Unlike the common law system, prior
court decisions may be cited for reference but have limited precedential value. 

In 1979, the PRC government began to promulgate
a comprehensive system of laws, rules and regulations governing economic matters in general. The overall effect of legislation over the
past four decades has significantly enhanced the protections afforded to various forms of foreign investment in China. However, China
has not developed a fully integrated legal system, and recently enacted laws, rules and regulations may not sufficiently cover all aspects
of economic activities in China or may be subject to significant degrees of interpretation by PRC regulatory agencies. In particular,
because these laws, rules and regulations are relatively new, and because of the limited number of published decisions and the nonbinding
nature of such decisions, and because the laws, rules and regulations often give the relevant regulator significant discretion in how
to enforce them, the interpretation and enforcement of these laws, rules and regulations involve uncertainties and can be inconsistent
and unpredictable. In addition, the PRC legal system is based in part on government policies and internal rules, some of which are not
published on a timely basis or at all, and which may have a retroactive effect. As a result, we may not be aware of our violation of these
policies and rules until after the occurrence of the violation. 

Any administrative and court proceedings in China
may be protracted, resulting in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention. Since PRC administrative and court
authorities have significant discretion in interpreting and implementing statutory and contractual terms, it may be more difficult to
evaluate the outcome of administrative and court proceedings and the level of legal protection we enjoy than in more developed legal systems.
These uncertainties may impede our ability to enforce the contracts we have entered into and could materially and adversely affect our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Recently, the General Office of the Central Committee
of the Communist Party of China and the General Office of the State Council jointly issued the Opinions on Severely Cracking Down
on Illegal Securities Activities According to Law, or the Opinions, which was made available to the public on July 6, 2021. The
Opinions emphasized the need to strengthen the administration over illegal securities activities, and the need to strengthen the supervision
over overseas listings by Chinese companies. Effective measures, such as promoting the construction of relevant regulatory systems will
be taken to deal with the risks and incidents of China-concept overseas listed companies, and cybersecurity and data privacy protection
requirements and similar matters. The Opinions remain unclear on how the law will be interpreted, amended and implemented by the relevant
PRC governmental authorities, but the Opinions and any related implementing rules to be enacted may subject us to compliance requirements
in the future. 

22 

On July 10, 2021, the Cyberspace Administration
of China issued a revised draft of the Measures for Cybersecurity Review for public comments, which required that, among others, in addition
to operator of critical information infrastructure , any data processor controlling personal information of
no less than one million users which seeks to list in a foreign stock exchange should also be subject to cybersecurity review, and further
elaborated the factors to be considered when assessing the national security risks of the relevant activities. 

On November 14, 2021, the Cyberspace Administration
of China released the Regulations on Network Data Security (draft for public comments) and accepted public comments until December 13,
2021. The draft Regulations on Network Data Security provide that data processors refer to individuals or organizations that autonomously
determine the purpose and the manner of processing data. If a data processor that processes personal data of more than one million users
intends to list overseas, it shall apply for a cybersecurity review. In addition, data processors that process important data or are listed
overseas shall carry out an annual data security assessment on their own or by engaging a data security services institution, and the
data security assessment report for the prior year should be submitted to the local cyberspace affairs administration department before
January 31 of each year. 

On December 28, 2021, the Measures for Cybersecurity
Review (2021 version) was promulgated and took effect on February 15, 2022, which iterates that any online platform operators 
controlling personal information of more than one million users which seeks to list in a foreign stock exchange should also be subject
to cybersecurity review. Further, Measures for Cybersecurity Review (2021 version) was recently adopted and the Network Internet Data
Protection Draft Regulations (draft for comments) is in the process of being formulated and the Opinions remain unclear on how it will
be interpreted, amended and implemented by the relevant PRC governmental authorities. 

On February 24, 2023, the CSRC, the Ministry of
Finance, the National Administration of State Secrets Protection and the National Archives Administration jointly issued the Provisions
on Strengthening Confidentiality and Archives Administration of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies, or the
Confidentiality and Archives Provisions (the CAP ), which will take effective from March 31, 2023. The Confidentiality and
Archives Provisions specify that during the overseas issuance of securities and listing activities of domestic enterprises, domestic enterprises
and securities companies and securities service institutions that provide relevant securities services shall, by strictly abiding by the
relevant laws and regulations of the PRC and the requirements therein, establish sound confidentiality and archives management systems,
take necessary measures to implement confidentiality and archives management responsibilities, and shall not leak national secrets, work
secrets of governmental agencies and undermine national and public interests. Work manuscripts generated in the PRC by securities companies
and securities service institutions that provide relevant securities services for overseas issuance and listing of securities by domestic
enterprises shall be kept in the PRC. Without the approval of relevant competent authorities, it shall not be transferred overseas. Where
archives or copies need to be transferred outside of the PRC, it shall be subject to the approval procedures in accordance with relevant
PRC regulations. 

Based on the Company s understanding of the
current PRC laws, as of the date of this report, we are of the view as a result of: (i) we do not hold personal information on more than
one million users in our business operations and (ii) data processed in our business does not have a bearing on national security and
thus may not be classified as core or important data by the authorities, we are not required to apply for a cybersecurity review under
the Measures for Cybersecurity Review (2021 version). Further, the business of our Hong Kong subsidiary, Pony HK is not subject to cybersecurity
review with the CAC, given that PRC laws on data protection and cybersecurity do not currently apply to Hong Kong. In addition, the CSRC
currently has not issued any definitive rule or interpretation concerning whether we are subject to the CAP. 

On December 24, 2021, the CSRC released the Administrative
Provisions of the State Council Regarding the Overseas Issuance and Listing of Securities by Domestic Enterprises (Draft for Comments)
and the Measures for the Overseas Issuance of Securities and Listing Record-Filings by Domestic Enterprises (Draft for Comments) (both,
the Draft Rules ), both of which had a comment period that expired on January 23, 2022, and if enacted, may subject us to
additional compliance requirement in the future. 

On February 17, 2023, the CSRC promulgated the
Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies (the Trial Measures ), which
will take effect on March 31, 2023. The Trial Measures supersede the Draft Rules and clarified and emphasized several aspects, which include
but are not limited to: (1) comprehensive determination of the indirect overseas offering and listing by PRC domestic companies 
in compliance with the principle of substance over form and particularly, an issuer will be required to go through the filing
procedures under the Trial Measures if the following criteria are met at the same time: a) 50 or more of the issuer s operating
revenue, total profit, total assets or net assets as documented in its audited consolidated financial statements for the most recent accounting
year is accounted for by PRC domestic companies, and b) the main parts of the issuer s business activities are conducted in mainland
China, or its main places of business are located in mainland China, or the senior managers in charge of its business operation and management
are mostly Chinese citizens or domiciled in mainland China; (2) exemptions from immediate filing requirements for issuers that a) have
already been listed or registered but not yet listed in foreign securities markets, including U.S. markets, prior to the effective date
of the Trial Measures, and b) are not required to re-perform the regulatory procedures with the relevant overseas regulatory authority
or the overseas stock exchange, and c) whose such overseas securities offering or listing shall be completed before September 30, 2023,
provided however that such issuers shall carry out filing procedures as required if they conduct refinancing or are involved in other
circumstances that require filing with the CSRC; (3) a negative list of types of issuers banned from listing or offering overseas, such
as (a) issuers whose listing or offering overseas have been recognized by the State Council of the PRC as possible threats to national
security, (b) issuers whose affiliates have been recently convicted of bribery and corruption, (c) issuers under ongoing criminal investigations,
and (d) issuers under major disputes regarding equity ownership; (4) issuers compliance with web security, data security, and other
national security laws and regulations; (5) issuers filing and reporting obligations, such as obligation to file with the CSRC
after it submits an application for initial public offering to overseas regulators, and obligation after offering or listing overseas
to report to the CSRC material events including change of control or voluntary or forced delisting of the issuer; and (6) the CSRC s
authority to fine both issuers and their shareholders between 1 and 10 million RMB for failure to comply with the Trial Measures, including
failure to comply with filing obligations or committing fraud and misrepresentation. 

As a China-based issuer, we have determined that
we and our subsidiaries will not be required to comply with the filing requirements or procedures set forth in Trial Measures given that
we are already listed on an overseas exchange before the effective date of the Trial Measures of March 31, 2023. 

23 

Nevertheless, if the CSRC or other regulatory agencies
later promulgate new rules or explanations requiring that we obtain their approvals for this offering and any follow-on offering, we may
be unable to obtain such approvals which could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities
to our investors. 

Furthermore, the PRC government authorities may
strengthen oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers like us.
Such actions taken by the PRC government authorities may intervene or influence our operations at any time, which are beyond our control.
Therefore, any such action may adversely affect our operations and significantly limit or hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer
securities to you and reduce the value of such securities. 

Uncertainties regarding the enforcement of laws
and the fact that rules and regulations in China can change quickly with little advance notice, along with the risk that the Chinese government
may intervene or influence our operations at any time, or may exert more control over offerings conducted overseas and/or foreign investment
in China-based issuers could result in a material change in our operations, financial performance and/or the value of our common stock
or impair our ability to raise money. 

The PRC government exerts substantial influence over the manner
in which we conduct our business activities. The PRC government may also intervene or influence our operations and this offering at any
time, which could result in a material change in our operations and our common stock could decline in value or become worthless. 

We are currently not required to obtain approval
from Chinese authorities to list on U.S exchanges, however, if our holding company or any of our PRC subsidiary were required to obtain
approval in the future and were denied permission from Chinese authorities to list on U.S. exchanges, we will not be able to continue
listing on U.S. exchange, continue to offer securities to investors, or materially affect the interest of the investors and cause significantly
depreciation of our price of common stock. 

The Chinese government has exercised and continues
to exercise substantial control over virtually every sector of the Chinese economy through regulation and state ownership. Our ability
to operate in China may be harmed by changes in its laws and regulations, including those relating to taxation, environmental regulations,
land use rights, property and other matters. The central or local governments of these jurisdictions may impose new, stricter regulations
or interpretations of existing regulations that would require additional expenditures and efforts on our part to ensure our compliance
with such regulations or interpretations. Accordingly, government actions in the future, including any decision not to continue to support
recent economic reforms and to return to a more centrally planned economy or regional or local variations in the implementation of economic
policies, could have a significant effect on economic conditions in China or particular regions thereof, and could require us to divest
ourselves of any interest we then hold in our operations in China. 

For example, the Chinese cybersecurity regulator
announced on July 2, 2021, that it had begun an investigation of Didi Global Inc. (NYSE: DIDI) and two days later ordered that the company s
app be removed from smartphone app stores. Similarly, our business segments may be subject to various government and regulatory interference
in the regions in which we operate. We could be subject to regulation by various political and regulatory entities, including various
local and municipal agencies and government sub-divisions. We may incur increased costs necessary to comply with existing and newly adopted
laws and regulations or penalties for any failure to comply. 

Furthermore, it is uncertain when and whether
we will be required to obtain permission from the PRC government to list on U.S. exchanges in the future, and even when such
permission is obtained, whether it will be denied or rescinded. Although we and our subsidiaries are currently not required to
obtain permission or approvals from any of the PRC or Hong Kong government or regulatory agencies, we have not received any
denial to list on the U.S. exchange, our operations could be adversely affected, directly or indirectly, by existing or future laws
and regulations relating to our business or industry. Recent statements by the Chinese government indicating an intent, and the PRC
government may take actions to exert more oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign investment
in China-based issuers, which could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to
investors and cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or become worthless. 

24 

The CSRC has enacted the draft rules for China-based companies
seeking to conduct initial public offerings in foreign markets. While such rules have not yet gone into effect and we have determined
we are not subject to the measures, the CSRC may exert more oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas and foreign
investment in China-based issuers, which could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer our
common stock to investors and could cause the value of our common stock to significantly decline or become worthless. 

On December 24, 2021, the CSRC released the Draft
Rules Regarding Overseas Listing (the Draft Rules ), which had a comment period that expired on January 23, 2022. The Draft
Rules Regarding Overseas Listing lay out the filing regulation arrangement for both direct and indirect overseas listing, and clarify
the determination criteria for indirect overseas listing in overseas markets. 

On February 17, 2023, the CSRC promulgated the
Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies (the Trial Measures ), which
will take effect on March 31, 2023. The Trial Measures supersede the Draft Rules and clarified and emphasized several aspects, which include
but are not limited to: (1) comprehensive determination of the indirect overseas offering and listing by PRC domestic companies 
in compliance with the principle of substance over form and particularly, an issuer will be required to go through the filing
procedures under the Trial Measures if the following criteria are met at the same time: a) 50 or more of the issuer s operating
revenue, total profit, total assets or net assets as documented in its audited consolidated financial statements for the most recent accounting
year is accounted for by PRC domestic companies, and b) the main parts of the issuer s business activities are conducted in mainland
China, or its main places of business are located in mainland China, or the senior managers in charge of its business operation and management
are mostly Chinese citizens or domiciled in mainland China; (2) exemptions from immediate filing requirements for issuers that a) have
already been listed or registered but not yet listed in foreign securities markets, including U.S. markets, prior to the effective date
of the Trial Measures, and b) are not required to re-perform the regulatory procedures with the relevant overseas regulatory authority
or the overseas stock exchange, and c) whose such overseas securities offering or listing shall be completed before September 30, 2023,
provided however that such issuers shall carry out filing procedures as required if they conduct refinancing or are involved in other
circumstances that require filing with the CSRC; (3) a negative list of types of issuers banned from listing or offering overseas, such
as (a) issuers whose listing or offering overseas have been recognized by the State Council of the PRC as possible threats to national
security, (b) issuers whose affiliates have been recently convicted of bribery and corruption, (c) issuers under ongoing criminal investigations,
and (d) issuers under major disputes regarding equity ownership; (4) issuers compliance with web security, data security, and other
national security laws and regulations; (5) issuers filing and reporting obligations, such as obligation to file with the CSRC
after it submits an application for initial public offering to overseas regulators, and obligation after offering or listing overseas
to report to the CSRC material events including change of control or voluntary or forced delisting of the issuer; and (6) the CSRC s
authority to fine both issuers and their shareholders between 1 and 10 million RMB for failure to comply with the Trial Measures, including
failure to comply with filing obligations or committing fraud and misrepresentation. 

As a China-based issuer, we have determined that
we and our subsidiaries will not be required to comply with the filing requirements or procedures set forth in Trial Measures given that
we are already listed on an overseas exchange before the effective date of the Trial Measures of March 31, 2023. 

Nevertheless, if the CSRC or other regulatory agencies
later promulgate new rules or explanations requiring that we obtain their approvals for this offering and any follow-on offering, we may
be unable to obtain such approvals which could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities
to our investors. 

Furthermore, the PRC government authorities
may strengthen oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-based issuers
like us. Such actions taken by the PRC government authorities may intervene or influence our operations at any time, which are
beyond our control. Any failure of us to fully comply with new regulatory requirements may significantly limit or completely hinder
our ability to offer or continue to offer our common stock, cause significant disruption to our business operations, and severely
damage our reputation, which would materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations and cause our
common stock to significantly decline in value or become worthless. 

Failure to make adequate contributions to various employee benefit
plans and withhold individual income tax on employees salaries as required by PRC regulations may subject us to penalties. 

Companies operating in China are required to participate
in various government-mandated employee benefit contribution plans, including certain social insurance, housing funds and other welfare-oriented
payment obligations, and contribute to the plans in amounts equal to certain percentages of salaries, including bonuses and allowances,
of our employees up to a maximum amount specified by the local government from time to time at locations where we operate our businesses.
The requirement of employee benefit contribution plans has not been implemented consistently by the local governments in China given the
different levels of economic development in different locations. Companies operating in China are also required to withhold individual
income tax on employees salaries based on the actual salary of each employee upon payment. We may be subject to late fees and fines
in relation to the underpaid employee benefits and under-withheld individual income tax, our financial condition and results of operations
may be adversely affected. 

25 

We must remit the offering proceeds
to China before they may be used to benefit our business in China, and we cannot assure that we can finish all necessary governmental
registration processes in a timely manner. 

As an offshore holding company of our PRC operating subsidiary, we may make
loans to our PRC subsidiary subject to the approval, registration, and filing with governmental authorities and limitation of amount,
or we may make additional capital contributions to our PRC subsidiary. Any shareholder loan to our PRC subsidiary, which is treated as
a foreign-invested enterprise under PRC law, is subject to foreign exchange loan registration with the local counterpart of the State
Administration of Foreign Exchange, or SAFE. Furthermore, loans by us to our PRC subsidiary to finance its activities cannot exceed statutory
limits and must be registered with the local counterpart of the SAFE and capital contributions to our PRC subsidiary are subject to the
requirement of making necessary filings in the Foreign Investment Comprehensive Management Information System of the MOFCOM, registration
with the local counterpart of the State Administration for Market Regulation, or the SAMR, and the SAFE registration through local commercial
banks in China. In addition, a foreign invested enterprise shall use its capital pursuant to the principle of authenticity and self-use
within its business scope. The capital of a foreign invested enterprise shall not be used for the following purposes: (i)directly
or indirectly used for payment beyond the business scope of the enterprises or the payment prohibited by relevant laws and regulations;
(ii) directly or indirectly used for investment in securities or investments other than banks principal secured products unless
otherwise provided by relevant laws and regulations; (iii) the granting of loans to non-affiliated enterprises, except where it is expressly
permitted in the business license; and (iv) paying the expenses related to the purchase of real estate that is not for self-use (except
for the foreign-invested real estate enterprises). 

In light of the various requirements
imposed by PRC regulations on loans to, and direct investment in, PRC entities by offshore holding companies, we cannot assure you that
we will be able to complete the necessary government registrations or obtain the necessary government approvals on a timely basis, if
at all, with respect to future loans by us to our PRC subsidiary or with respect to future capital contributions by us to our PRC subsidiary.
If we fail to complete such registrations or obtain such approvals, our ability to use the proceeds from this offering and to capitalize
or otherwise fund our PRC operations may be negatively affected, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity, our ability
to fund and expand our business and our common stock. 

If relations between the United States and China worsen, investors
may be unwilling to hold or buy our stock and our stock price may decrease . 

At various times during recent years,
the U.S and China have had significant disagreements over political and economic issues. Controversies may arise in the future between
these two countries that may affect our economic outlook both in the U.S and in China. Any political or trade controversies between the
U.S and China, whether or not directly related to our business, could reduce the price of our common stock. 

The fluctuation of the Renminbi may have a material adverse
effect on your investment. 

The exchange rates between the Renminbi
and the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies are affected by, among other things, changes in China s political and economic
conditions. In July 2005, the PRC government changed its policy of pegging the value of the Renminbi to the U.S. dollar, and the Renminbi
was permitted to fluctuate within a band against a basket of certain foreign currencies. As a result, the Renminbi appreciated more than
20 against the U.S. dollar over the following three years. However, the People s Bank of China regularly intervenes in the foreign
exchange market to limit fluctuations in Renminbi exchange rates and achieve policy goals. For almost two years after July 2008, the
Renminbi traded within a very narrow range against the U.S. dollar, remaining within 1 of its July 2008 high. As a consequence, the
Renminbi fluctuated significantly during that period against other freely traded currencies, in tandem with the U.S. dollar. In June
2010, the PRC government announced that it would increase exchange rate flexibility of the Renminbi. However, it remains unclear how
this flexibility might be implemented. There remains significant international pressure on the PRC government to adopt a more flexible
currency policy, which could result in a further and more significant appreciation of the Renminbi against the U.S. dollar. 

26 

As we rely on fees paid to us by
our subsidiary and affiliated consolidated entities in China, any significant revaluation of the Renminbi could adversely affect our
cash flows, revenues, earnings and financial position, and the value of, and any dividends payable on, shares of our common stock in
foreign currency terms. To the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars we received from our offering into Renminbi for our operations,
appreciation of the Renminbi against the U.S. dollar would have an adverse effect on the Renminbi amount we would receive from the conversion.
Conversely, if we decide to convert our Renminbi into U.S. dollars for the purpose of making payments for dividends on our common stock
or for other business purposes, appreciation of the U.S. dollar against the Renminbi would have a negative effect on the U.S. dollar
amount available to us. In addition, since our functional and reporting currency is the U.S. dollar while the functional currency of
our subsidiary and consolidated affiliated entities in China is Renminbi, appreciation or depreciation in the value of the Renminbi relative
to the U.S. dollar would have a positive or negative effect on our reported financial results, which might not reflect any underlying
change in our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Restrictions on currency exchange may limit our ability to receive
and use our revenue effectively. 

Substantially all of our revenue is denominated
in Renminbi. Renminbi is currently convertible under the current account, which includes dividends, trade and service-related
foreign exchange transactions, but not under the capital account, which includes foreign direct investment and loans, including
loans we may secure from our onshore subsidiaries. Currently, Universe Travel may purchase foreign currency for settlement of current
account transactions, including payment of dividends to us, without the approval of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange SAFE by complying with certain procedural requirements. However, the relevant PRC governmental authorities may limit or
eliminate our ability to purchase foreign currencies in the future for current account transactions. Since a significant amount of our
future revenue will be denominated in Renminbi, any existing and future restrictions on currency exchange may limit our ability to utilize
revenue generated in Renminbi to fund our business activities outside of the PRC or pay dividends in foreign currencies to our shareholders,
including holders of our common stock. Foreign exchange transactions under the capital account remain subject to limitations and require
approvals from, or registration with, SAFE and other relevant PRC governmental authorities. This could affect our ability to obtain foreign
currency through debt or equity financing for our subsidiaries. 

Our subsidiaries and affiliated entities in China are subject
to restrictions on making dividends and other payments to us. 

We are a holding company, and we rely
on dividends and other equity distributions paid by our PRC subsidiary for our cash and financing requirements, including the funds necessary
to pay dividends and other cash distributions to our shareholders and service any debt we may incur. If our PRC subsidiary incurs debt
on its own behalf in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict their ability to pay dividends or make other distributions
to us. 

Under PRC laws and regulations, Universe
Travel is a wholly foreign-owned enterprise in China. As such, Universe Travel may pay dividends only out of its accumulated after-tax
profits as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. In addition, a wholly foreign-owned enterprise is
required to set aside at least 10 of its accumulated after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund certain statutory reserve funds until
the aggregate amount of such funds reaches 50 of its registered capital. At its discretion, a wholly foreign-owned enterprise may allocate
a portion of its after-tax profits based on PRC accounting standards to staff welfare and bonus funds. These reserve funds and staff
welfare and bonus funds are not distributable as cash dividends. 

Any limitation on the ability of our PRC subsidiary
to pay dividends or make other distributions to us could materially and adversely limit our ability to grow, make investments or acquisitions
that could be beneficial to our business, pay dividends, or otherwise fund and conduct our business. 

27 

The PRC s legal and judicial system may not adequately
protect our business and operations and the rights of foreign investors. 

The PRC legal and judicial system may
negatively impact foreign investors. In 1982, the National People s Congress amended the Constitution of China to authorize foreign
investment and guarantee the lawful rights and interests of foreign investors in the PRC. However, the PRC s system
of laws is not yet comprehensive. The legal and judicial systems in the PRC are still rudimentary and enforcement of existing laws is
inconsistent. As a result, it may be impossible to obtain swift and equitable enforcement of laws that do exist, or to obtain enforcement
of the judgment of one court by a court of another jurisdiction. The PRC s legal system is based on the civil law regime, that
is, it is based on written statutes. A decision by one judge does not set a legal precedent that is required to be followed by judges
in other cases. In addition, the interpretation of Chinese laws may be varied to reflect domestic political changes. 

The promulgation of new laws, changes
to existing laws and the pre-emption of local regulations by national laws may adversely affect foreign investors. There can be no assurance
that a change in leadership, social or political disruption, or unforeseen circumstances affecting the PRC s political, economic
or social life, will not affect the PRC government s ability to continue to support and pursue these reforms. Such a shift could
have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects. 

Because our principal assets are located outside of the United
States, it may be difficult for you to enforce your rights based on U.S. federal securities laws against us or to enforce a U.S. court
judgment against us or our operating subsidiaries in the PRC and in Hong Kong 

A substantial portion of our operations
and assets are located outside of the United States. It may therefore be difficult for investors in the United States to enforce their
legal rights against us based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws against us in the courts of either
the U.S. or the PRC and, even if civil judgments are obtained in U.S. courts, it may be difficult to enforce such judgments in PRC courts. 

Our operations could be adversely affected, directly or indirectly,
by future PRC laws and regulations relating to our business or industry, if we inadvertently conclude that such approvals or permissions, including business licsnes,
are not required when they are, or applicable laws, regulations, or interpretations change and we are required to obtain approvals or
permissions in the future. 

We have determined that we and our
subsidiaries are not currently required to obtain any permission or approval from the CSRC, the CAC or any other regulatory
authority in the PRC or in Hong Kong for our operations, the trading of our securities on the OTCQB and the offering of our
securities to foreign investors. The business of our Hong Kong subsidiary, Pony HK is not subject to cybersecurity review with the
CAC, given that PRC laws on data protection and cybersecurity do not currently apply to Hong Kong. Further, for our Shenzhen
subsidiary, Universe Travel, and to the extent that if we become subject to such PRC laws in the future, we do not believe we are
required to conduct a cybersecurity review because (i) we do not possess a large amount of personal information on more than one
million users in our business operations; and (ii) data processed in our business does not have a bearing on national security and
thus may not be classified as core or important data by the authorities. However, our operations could be adversely affected,
directly or indirectly, by future laws and regulations relating to our business or industry, if we inadvertently conclude that such
approvals or permissions, including business licenses, are not required when they are, or applicable laws, regulations, or
interpretations change and we are required to obtain approvals or permissions in the future. We may be subject to penalties and
sanctions imposed by the PRC and Hong Kong regulatory agencies, including the CSRC, if we fail to comply with such rules and
regulations or applicable laws, or if we inadvertently conclude future approvals
or permissions from the such regulatory agencies, including business licenses, are not required when they are. As a result, such non-compliance could adversely affect the ability of the Company s securities to continue to trade on the OTCQB, which may
cause the value of our securities to significantly decline or become worthless. 

28 

You may face difficulties in protecting your interests and exercising
your rights as our stockholder since we conduct the bulk of our operations in China. 

We conduct the bulk of our operations
in China through our PRC-subsidiary Universe Travel. Because of this factor, it may be difficult for you to conduct due diligence on
the Company, our executive officers or director and attend stockholders meetings if the meetings are held in China. As a result, our
public stockholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests through actions against our management, our director or major
stockholders than would stockholders of a corporation doing business entirely or predominantly within the United States. 

We and our shareholders face uncertainties with respect to indirect
transfers of equity interests in PRC resident enterprises or other assets attributed to a Chinese establishment of a non-Chinese company,
or immovable properties located in China owned by non-Chinese companies. 

On February 3, 2015, the State Administration
of Taxation, or SAT, issued the Bulletin on Issues of Enterprise Income Tax on Indirect Transfers of Assets by Non-PRC Resident Enterprises,
or Bulletin 7, which replaced or supplemented previous rules under the Notice on Strengthening Administration of Enterprise Income Tax
for Share Transfers by Non-PRC Resident Enterprises, or Circular 698, issued by the State Administration of Taxation, on December 10,
2009. Pursuant to this Bulletin, an indirect transfer of assets, including equity interests in a PRC resident enterprise,
by non-PRC resident enterprises may be re-characterized and treated as a direct transfer of PRC taxable assets, if such arrangement does
not have a reasonable commercial purpose and was established for the purpose of avoiding payment of PRC enterprise income tax. As a result,
gains derived from such an indirect transfer may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax. According to Bulletin 7, PRC taxable
assets include assets attributed to an establishment in China, immoveable properties located in China, and equity investments
in PRC resident enterprises, in respect of which gains from their transfer by a direct holder, being a non-PRC resident enterprise, would
be subject to PRC enterprise income taxes. When determining whether there is a reasonable commercial purpose of the transaction
arrangement, features to be taken into consideration include: whether the main value of the equity interest of the relevant offshore
enterprise derives from PRC taxable assets; whether the assets of the relevant offshore enterprise mainly consists of direct or indirect
investment in China or if its income mainly derives from China; whether the offshore enterprise and its subsidiaries directly or indirectly
holding PRC taxable assets have a real commercial nature which is evidenced by their actual function and risk exposure; the duration
of existence of the business model and organizational structure; the replicability of the transaction by direct transfer of PRC taxable
assets; and the tax situation of such indirect transfer and applicable tax treaties or similar arrangements. In respect of an indirect
offshore transfer of assets of a PRC establishment, the resulting gain is to be included with the enterprise income tax filing of the
PRC establishment or place of business being transferred, and would consequently be subject to PRC enterprise income tax at a rate of
25 . Where the underlying transfer relates to the immoveable properties located in China or to equity investments in a PRC resident enterprise,
which is not related to a PRC establishment or place of business of a non-resident enterprise, a PRC enterprise income tax of 10 would
apply, subject to available preferential tax treatment under applicable tax treaties or similar arrangements, and the party who is obligated
to make the transfer payments has the withholding obligation. Where the payer fails to withhold any or withholds insufficient tax, the
transferor shall declare and pay such tax to the tax authority by itself within the statutory time limit. Late payment of applicable
tax will subject the transferor to default interest. Bulletin 7 does not apply to transactions of sale of shares by investors through
a public stock exchange where such shares were acquired from a transaction through a public stock exchange. 

In October 2017, SAT issued an Announcement
on Issues Relating to Withholding at Source of Income Tax of Nonresident Enterprises, or SAT Circular 37. Effective from December 2017,
SAT Circular 37, among others, repealed the Circular 698 and amended certain provisions in Bulletin 7. According to SAT Circular 37,
where the non-resident enterprise fails to declare the tax payable pursuant to Article 39 of the Enterprise Income Tax, the tax authority
may order it to pay the tax due within required time limits, and the non-resident enterprise shall declare and pay the tax payable within
such time limits specified by the tax authority. However, if the non-resident enterprise voluntarily declares and pays the tax payable
before the tax authority orders it to do so within required time limits, it shall be deemed that such enterprise has paid the tax in
time. 

29 

We face uncertainties as to the reporting
and other implications of certain past and future transactions where PRC taxable assets are involved, such as offshore restructuring,
sale of the shares in our offshore subsidiaries and investments. Our company may be subject to filing obligations or taxed if our company
is transferor in such transactions, and may be subject to withholding obligations if our company is transferee in such transactions,
under Bulletin 7 and SAT Circular 37. For transfer of shares in our company by investors who are non-PRC resident enterprises, our PRC
subsidiary may be requested to assist in the filing under the SAT circulars. As a result, we may be required to expend valuable resources
to comply with the SAT circulars or to request the relevant transferors from whom we purchase taxable assets to comply with these circulars,
or to establish that our company should not be taxed under these circulars, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition and results of operations. 

The future development of national security laws and regulations
in Hong Kong could materially impact our business by possibly triggering sanctions and other measures which can cause economic harm to
our business. 

On June 30, 2020, the National
People s Congress of China passed a national security law (the National Security Law ), which criminalizes certain
offenses, including secession, subversion of the Chinese government, terrorism and collusion with foreign entities. The National Security
Law also applies to non-permanent residents. Although the extra-territorial reach of the National Security Law remains unclear, there
is a risk that its application to conduct outside Hong Kong by non-permanent residents of Hong Kong could limit the activities of or negatively
impact us. The United States and other countries may take action against China, its leaders and leaders of Hong Kong, which may include
the imposition of sanctions. Escalation of tensions resulting from the National Security Law, including conflict between China and other
countries, protests and other government measures, as well as other economic, social or political unrest in the future, could negatively
impact the security and stability of the region and have a material adverse effect on our business. The aforementioned risks, including
an expansionary application of the National Security Law in unpredictable circumstances by the Chinese authorities, and any downturn in
Hong Kong s economy could negatively impact the industries in which we participate, negatively impact our business operations and
have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. 

Potential political and economic instability
in Hong Kong may adversely impact our results of operations. We may also face the risk that changes in the policies of the PRC government
could have a significant impact upon the business we conduct in Hong Kong and the profitability of such business. 

Our operational activities are conducted in Hong
Kong and through our wholly owned subsidiary Universe Travel in Shenzhen in Guangdong Province. Accordingly, political and economic conditions
in Hong Kong and the surrounding region, including Guangdong Province, may directly affect our business. Since early 2019, a number of
political protests and conflicts have occurred in Hong Kong in connection with proposed legislation that would allow local authorities
to detain and extradite people who are wanted in territories that Hong Kong does not have extradition agreements with, including mainland
China and Taiwan. The economy of Hong Kong has been negatively impacted, including our retail market, property market, stock market, and
tourism, from such protests. 

Under the Basic Law, Hong
Kong is exclusively in charge of its internal affairs and external relations, while the government of the PRC is responsible for its foreign
affairs and defense. As a separate customs territory, Hong Kong maintains and develops relations with foreign states and regions. We cannot
assure you that the Hong Kong protests will not affect Hong Kong s status as a Special Administrative Region of the People s
Republic of China and thereby affecting its current relations with foreign states and regions. 

It is unclear whether there
will be other political or social unrest in the near future or that there will not be other events that could lead to the disruption of
the economic, political and social conditions in Hong Kong. If such events persist for a prolonged period of time or that the economic,
political and social conditions in Hong Kong are to be disrupted, our overall business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

30 

In addition, economic, political
and legal developments and social conditions in the PRC may significantly affect our business, financial condition, results of operations
and prospects. The PRC economy is in transition from a planned economy to a market-oriented economy subject to plans adopted by the government
that set national economic development goals. Policies of the PRC government can have significant effects on economic conditions in the
PRC and Hong Kong. While we believe that the PRC will continue to strengthen its economic and trading relationships with foreign countries
and that business development in the PRC will continue to follow market forces, we cannot assure you that this will be the case. Our business
operations and prospects, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected by changes in policies by the PRC government,
including: 

changes in laws, regulations or their interpretation; 

confiscatory taxation; 

restrictions on currency conversion, imports or sources of supplies, or ability to continue as a for-profit enterprise; 

expropriation or nationalization of private enterprises; and 

the allocation of resources. 

Our Hong Kong and Shenzhen subsidiaries
may be subject to restrictions on paying dividends or making other payments to us, which may restrict its ability to satisfy liquidity
requirements, conduct business and pay dividends to holders of our common stock. Dividends payable to our foreign investors and gains
on the sale of our shares of common stock by our foreign investors may become subject to tax by the PRC. 

Pony Group Inc is a holding company incorporated
in Delaware with its operating subsidiaries located in Hong Kong and Shenzhen. Most of our cash is maintained in Chinese Yuan. We conduct
no other business and, as a result, we depend entirely upon our Hong Kong and Shenzhen operating subsidiaries earnings and cash
flow. If we decide in the future to pay dividends, as a holding company, our ability to pay dividends and meet other obligations depends
upon the receipt of dividends or other payments from our operating subsidiary. There are currently no restrictions of transferring funds
between our Delaware holding company and our operating subsidiaries in Hong Kong and Shenzhen or limitations on the ability of our Hong
Kong and Shenzhen subsidiary to issue dividends or other distributions to its overseas shareholders. However, we cannot assure you that
the oversight of the PRC government will not be extended to companies operating in Hong Kong and Shenzhen like our Hong Kong and Shenzhen
subsidiaries. There is a possibility that the PRC government could prevent our cash maintained in Hong Kong or Shenzhen from leaving
or the PRC could restrict the deployment of the cash into our business or for the payment of dividends. However, we do not expect that
a restriction into the deployment of cash into our business to affect the use of our assets in our ordinary course of business. Nevertheless,
any such controls or restrictions in the future could adversely affect our ability to finance our cash requirements, service debt or
make dividend or other distributions to our stockholders and could result in a material adverse change to our business operations, our
prospects, financial condition, and results of operations, and could cause our common stock to significantly decline in value or become
worthless. 

Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, or the HFCAA, and
the related regulations are evolving quickly. Further implementations and interpretations of our amendments to the HFCAA or the related
regulations, or a PCAOB s determination of its lack of sufficient access to inspect our auditor, might pose regulatory risks to
and impose restrictions on us because of our operations in mainland China that PCAOB may not be able to inspect or investigate completely
such audit documentation and, as such, you may be deprived of the benefits of such inspection and our ordinary share could be delisted
from the stock exchange pursuant to the HFCAA 

The Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act,
or the HFCA Act, was enacted on December 18, 2020. The HFCA Act states if the SEC determines that a company has filed audit reports issued
by a registered public accounting firm that has not been subject to inspection by the PCAOB for three consecutive years beginning in 2021,
the SEC shall prohibit such common stock from being traded on a national securities exchange or in the over the counter trading market
in the U.S. 

31 

On March 24, 2021, the SEC adopted interim final
rules relating to the implementation of certain disclosure and documentation requirements of the HFCA Act. A company will be required
to comply with these rules if the SEC identifies it as having a non-inspection year under a process to be subsequently established
by the SEC. The SEC is assessing how to implement other requirements of the HFCA Act, including the listing and trading prohibition requirements
described above. 

On June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the Accelerating
Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, or AHFCAA, which proposes to reduce the period of time for foreign companies to comply with
PCAOB audits from three to two consecutive years, thus reducing the time period before the securities of such foreign companies may be
prohibited from trading or delisted. On December 29, 2022, the AHFCAA was signed into law. 

On September 22, 2021, the PCAOB adopted a final
rule implementing the HFCA Act, which provides a framework for the PCAOB to use when determining, as contemplated under the HFCA Act,
whether the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms located in a foreign jurisdiction
because of a position taken by one or more authorities in that jurisdiction. On December 2, 2021, the SEC issued amendments to finalize
rules implementing the submission and disclosure requirements in the HFCA Act. The rules apply to registrants that the SEC identifies
as having filed an annual report with an audit report issued by a registered public accounting firm that is located in a foreign jurisdiction
and that PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely because of a position taken by an authority in foreign jurisdictions. The
final amendments are effective on January 10, 2022. The SEC will begin to identify and list Commission-Identified Issuers on its website
shortly after registrants begin filing their annual reports for 2021. 

On December 16, 2021, PCAOB announced the PCAOB
Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act determinations (the 2021 PCAOB Determinations relating to the PCAOB s inability
to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China of the PRC or Hong Kong, a Special
Administrative Region and dependency of the PRC, because of a position taken by one or more authorities in the PRC or Hong Kong. Our auditor,
Ben Borges CPA PC, is not headquartered in China or Hong Kong and was not identified in this report as a firm subject to the PCAOB s
determination. 

The lack of access to the PCAOB inspection
in China prevents the PCAOB from fully evaluating audits and quality control procedures of the auditors based in China. As a result, the
investors may be deprived of the benefits of such PCAOB inspections. The inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections of auditors in
China makes it more difficult to evaluate the effectiveness of these accounting firms audit procedures or quality control procedures
as compared to auditors outside of China that are subject to the PCAOB inspections, which could cause existing and potential investors
in our stock to lose confidence in our audit procedures and reported financial information and the quality of our financial statements. 

Our auditor, the independent registered public
accounting firm that issues the audit report included elsewhere in this prospectus, as an auditor of companies that are traded publicly
in the United States and a firm registered with the PCAOB, is subject to laws in the United States pursuant to which the PCAOB conducts
regular inspections to assess its compliance with the applicable professional standards. Our auditor s registration with the PCAOB
took effect in September 2020 and it is currently subject to PCAOB inspections. The PCAOB currently has access to inspect the working
papers of our auditor. However, the recent developments would add uncertainties to our offering and we cannot assure you whether regulatory
authorities would apply additional and more stringent criteria to us after considering the effectiveness of our auditor s audit
procedures and quality control procedures, adequacy of personnel and training, or sufficiency of resources, geographic reach or experience
as it relates to the audit of our financial statements. 

32 

On August 26, 2022, the PCAOB announced and signed
a Statement of Protocol (the Protocol with the China Securities Regulatory Commission and the Ministry of Finance of the
People s Republic of China. The Protocol provides the PCAOB with: (1) sole discretion to select the firms, audit engagements and
potential violations it inspects and investigates, without any involvement of Chinese authorities; (2) procedures for PCAOB inspectors
and investigators to view complete audit work papers with all information included and for the PCAOB to retain information as needed;
(3) direct access to interview and take testimony from all personnel associated with the audits the PCAOB inspects or investigates. 

The PCAOB reassessed the 2021 PCAOB Determinations
that the positions taken by PRC authorities prevented the PCAOB from inspecting and investigating in mainland China and Hong Kong completely.
The PCAOB sent its inspectors to conduct on-site inspections and investigations of firms headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong
from September to November 2022. 

On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB announced its determination
(the 2022 Determination that the PCAOB was able to secure complete access to inspect and investigate accounting firms headquartered
in mainland China and Hong Kong, and the PCAOB Board voted to vacate previous determinations to the contrary. Should the PCAOB again encounter
impediments to inspections and investigations in mainland China or Hong Kong as a result of positions taken by any authority in either
jurisdiction, including by the CSRC or the Ministry of Finance, the PCAOB will make determinations under the HFCAA as and when appropriate.
We cannot assure you whether OTC or regulatory authorities would apply additional and more stringent criteria to us after considering
the effectiveness of our auditor s audit procedures and quality control procedures, adequacy of personnel and training, or sufficiency
of resources, geographic reach, or experience as it relates to the audit of our financial statements. There is a risk that the PCAOB is
unable to inspect or investigate completely the Company s auditor because of a position taken by an authority in a foreign jurisdiction
or any other reasons, and that the PCAOB may re-evaluate its determinations as a result of any obstruction with the implementation of
the Protocol. Such lack of inspection or re-evaluation could cause trading in the Company s securities to be prohibited under the
HFCAA ultimately result in a determination by a securities exchange to delist the Company s securities. In addition, under the HFCAA
as amended by the AHFCAA, our securities may be prohibited from trading on the OTC or other U.S. stock exchanges if our auditor is not
inspected by the PCAOB for two consecutive years, and this ultimately could result in our ordinary shares being delisted by and exchange. 

Such recent developments would add uncertainties
to our offering and we cannot assure you whether the SEC, the PCAOB, OTC, or other regulatory authorities would apply additional and more
stringent criteria to us after considering the effectiveness of our auditor s audit procedures and quality control procedures, adequacy
of personnel and training, or sufficiency of resources, geographic reach or experience as it relates to the audit of our financial statements.
It remains unclear what further actions the SEC, the PCAOB or OTC will take to address these issues and what impact those actions will
have on U.S. companies that have significant operations in the PRC and have securities listed on a U.S. stock exchange (including a national
securities exchange or over-the-counter stock market). In addition, any additional actions, proceedings, or new rules resulting from these
efforts to increase U.S. regulatory access to audit information could create some uncertainty for investors, the market price of our common
stock could be adversely affected, and we could be delisted if we and our auditor are unable to meet the PCAOB inspection requirement
or being required to engage a new audit firm, which would require significant expense and management time. If trading in our common stock
is prohibited under the HFCAA in the future because the PCAOB determines that it cannot inspect or fully investigate our auditor at such
future time, OTC may determine to delist our common stock. If shares of our common stock are unable to be listed on another securities
exchange by then, such a delisting would substantially impair your ability to sell or purchase our ordinary shares when you wish to do
so, and the risk and uncertainty associated with a potential delisting would have a negative impact on the price of our common stock. 

33 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

Our majority stockholders will control our company for the foreseeable
future, including the outcome of matters requiring shareholder approval. 

Ms. Fan, our Chief Executive Officer,
President and director have over 78.3 beneficial ownership of our Company, through Pony Group Ltd, KERUIDA Investment Limited, Synionm
Investments Limited and Wisdom Travel Service Investments Limited, which is beneficially owned by Ms. Fan. As a result, Ms. Fan will
have the ability to control the election of our directors and the outcome of corporate actions requiring shareholder approval, such as:
(i) a merger or a sale of our Company, (ii) a sale of all or substantially all of our assets, and (iii) amendments to our articles of
incorporation and bylaws. This concentration of voting power and control could have a significant effect in delaying, deferring or preventing
an action that might otherwise be beneficial to our other shareholders and be disadvantageous to our shareholders with interests different
from those individuals. Certain of these individuals also have significant control over our business, policies and affairs as officers
or directors of our company. Therefore, you should not invest in reliance on your ability to have any control over our company. 

No public market for our common stock currently exists, and
an active trading market may not develop or be sustained following this offering. 

As we are in our early stages of development,
an investment in our Company will likely require a long-term commitment, with no certainty of return. We have applied for quotation of
our common stock on the OTC Market. Even if our common stock is quoted on the OTC Market, there is no guarantee that there will be any
trading in our common stock. In addition, there is a risk that we will not be able to have our stock listed or quoted on a more established
market, and even if we are able to do so (of which no assurance can be given), we cannot predict whether an active market for our common
stock will ever develop in the future. In the absence of an active trading market: 

investors may have difficulty buying and selling or obtaining market quotations; 

market visibility for shares of our common stock may be limited; and 

a lack of visibility for shares of our common stock may have a depressive effect on the market
 price for shares of our common stock. 

While we believe our revenues and cash on hand are adequate
to meet our immediate needs, we may require additional funding in order to progress our business in the future. If we are unable to raise
additional capital, we could be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate portions of our business. 

While we believe our cash, cash equivalents
on hand and cash from operations are adequate to meet our liquidity needs and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next
12 months, we may require an additional infusion of funds in the future to grow our business. In the event we were to experience an economic
recession or a slow growth period, such an event could adversely affect our business, liquidity and future growth. In addition, should
we experience instability in or a tightening of the capital markets, such an event could adversely affect our ability to obtain additional
capital to grow our business on terms acceptable to us or at all. 

34 

There is substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern. 

Our audited financial statements
for the year ended December 31, 2022 were prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern. In addition, as discussed in Note
2 of the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations. These conditions
raise substantial doubt on our ability to continue as a going concern. The report of our independent registered public accounting firm
on our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 included an explanatory paragraph on the doubt of our ability to continue
as a going concern in order to draw prospective investors attention to the relevant note in the financial statements for the year
ended December 31, 2022. 

In order to continue
as a going concern, the Company will need, among other things, additional capital resources. Management s plans to obtain such resources
for the Company include (1) obtaining capital from the sale of its equity securities, (2) sales of the Company s services, (3) short-term
and long-term borrowings from banks, and (4) short-term borrowings from stockholders or other related party(ies) when needed. However,
management cannot provide any assurance that the Company will be successful in accomplishing any of its plans. The ability of the Company
to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to successfully accomplish the plans described in the preceding paragraph
and eventually to secure other sources of financing and attain profitable operations. If we are unable to raise additional capital in
debt or equity financing on terms favorable to us, then we may be unable to achieve our objectives. 

Raising additional capital may cause
dilution to our stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or product candidates. 

We may need to raise funding in the
future to further develop our business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to raise sufficient capital on acceptable terms,
or at all. If such financing is not available on satisfactory terms, or is not available at all, we may be required to delay, scale back
or eliminate the development of business opportunities and our operations and financial condition may be adversely affected to a significant
extent. 

If we raise additional capital by issuing
equity securities, the percentage and/or economic ownership of our existing stockholders may be reduced, and accordingly these stockholders
may experience substantial dilution. We may also issue equity securities that provide for rights, preferences and privileges senior to
those of our common stock. 

Debt financing, if obtained, may involve
agreements that include liens on our assets, covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring
additional debt, increases in our expenses and requirements that our assets be provided as a security for such debt. Debt financing would
also be required to be repaid regardless of our operating results. 

Funding from any source may be unavailable
to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If we do not have sufficient capital to fund our operations and expenses, our business opportunities
could be substantially diminished. 

35 

Assuming we can find market makers to
establish quotations for our common stock, and assuming all applicable approvals are obtained, we expect that our common stock will be
quoted on the OTC Market. This market is a relatively unorganized, inter-dealer, over-the-counter markets that provide significantly
less liquidity than any tier of the NASDAQ or the New York Stock Exchange. No assurances can be given that our common stock, even
if quoted on such markets, will ever trade on such markets, much less a senior market like NASDAQ or the New York Stock Exchange. In
this event, there would be a highly illiquid market for our common stock and you may be unable to dispose of your common stock at desirable
prices or at all. Moreover, there is a risk that our common stock could be delisted from the OTC Market, in which case it might be listed
on OTC Pink, which is even more illiquid than the OTC Market. 

The lack of an active market impairs
your ability to sell your shares of our common stock at the time you wish to sell them or at a price that you consider reasonable. The
lack of an active market may also reduce the fair market value of your shares of our common stock. An inactive market may also impair
our ability to raise capital to continue to fund operations by selling shares of our common stock and may impair our ability to expand
our operations through acquisitions by using our shares as consideration. 

Even if our common stock becomes publicly-traded and an active
trading market develops, the market price for our common stock may be volatile. 

Even if our securities become publicly-traded
and even if an active market for our common stock develops, of which no assurance can be given, the market price for our common stock
may be volatile and subject to wide fluctuations due to factors such as: 

the perception of U.S. investors and regulators of U.S. listed Chinese companies; 

actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly operating results; 

changes in financial estimates by securities research analysts; 

negative publicity, studies or reports; 

our capability to match and compete with technology innovations in the industry; 

changes in the economic performance or market valuations of other companies in the same industry; 

announcements by us or our competitors of acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures
 or capital commitments; 

addition or departure of key personnel; 

fluctuations of exchange rates between RMB and the U.S. Dollar; and 

general economic or political conditions in or influencing China. 

In addition, the securities market has
from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are not related to the operating performance of particular
companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

36 

Our common stock may be thinly traded and you may be unable
to sell at or near ask prices or at all if you need to sell your shares to raise money or otherwise desire to liquidate your shares. 

Assuming our common stock trades over-the-counter,
our common stock will be thinly-traded, meaning that the number of persons interested in purchasing our common stock at
or near bid prices at any given time may be relatively small or non-existent. This situation may be attributable to a number of factors,
including the fact that we are relatively unknown to stock analysts, stock brokers, institutional investors and others in the investment
community that generate or influence sales volume, and that even if we came to the attention of such persons, they tend to be risk-averse
and might be reluctant to follow an unproven company such as ours or purchase or recommend the purchase of our shares until such time
as we became more seasoned. As a consequence, there may be periods of several days or more when trading activity in our shares is
minimal or non-existent, as compared to a seasoned issuer which has a large and steady volume of trading activity that will generally
support continuous sales without an adverse effect on share price. Broad or active public trading market for our common stock may
not develop or be sustained. 

Our common stock may be considered a penny stock, 
and thereby be subject to additional sale and trading regulations that may make it more difficult to sell. 

Our common stock, which we plan to have
quoted for trading on the OTC Market, may be considered to be a penny stock if it does not qualify for one of the exemptions
from the definition of penny stock under Section 3a51-1 of the Exchange Act, as amended. Our common stock may
be a penny stock if it meets one or more of the following conditions: (i) the stock trades at a price less than 5.00 per
share; (ii) it is not traded on a recognized national exchange; (iii) it is not quoted on the Nasdaq Capital Market or,
even if so, has a price of less than 5.00 per share; or (iv) is issued by a company that has been in business less than three years
with net tangible assets less than 5 million. The principal result or effect of being designated a penny stock 
is that securities broker-dealers participating in sales of our common stock will be subject to the penny stock regulations
set forth in Rules 15g-2 through 15g-9 promulgated under the Exchange Act. For example, Rule 15g-2 requires broker-dealers
dealing in penny stocks to provide potential investors with a document disclosing the risks of penny stocks and to obtain a manually
signed and dated written receipt of the document at least two business days before effecting any transaction in a penny stock for the
investor s account. Moreover, Rule 15g-9 requires broker-dealers in penny stocks to approve the account of any investor
for transactions in such stocks before selling any penny stock to that investor. This procedure requires the broker-dealer
to: (i) obtain from the investor information concerning his or her financial situation, investment experience and investment objectives;
(ii) reasonably determine, based on that information, that transactions in penny stocks are suitable for the investor and that the investor
has sufficient knowledge and experience as to be reasonably capable of evaluating the risks of penny stock transactions; (iii) provide
the investor with a written statement setting forth the basis on which the broker-dealer made the determination in (ii) above; and (iv)
receive a signed and dated copy of such statement from the investor, confirming that it accurately reflects the investor s financial
situation, investment experience and investment objectives. Compliance with these requirements may make it more difficult
and time consuming for holders of our common stock to resell their shares to third parties or to otherwise dispose of them in the market
or otherwise. 

FINRA sales practice requirements may also limit your ability
to buy and sell shares of our common stock, which could depress the price of shares of our common stock. 

FINRA rules require broker-dealers to
have reasonable grounds for believing that an investment is suitable for a customer before recommending that investment to the customer.
Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts
to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status and investment objectives, among other things. Under interpretations
of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability such speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least
some customers. Thus, FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock,
which may limit your ability to buy and sell shares of our common stock, have an adverse effect on the market for shares of our common
stock, and thereby depress price of our common stock. 

37 

You may face significant restrictions on the resale of your
shares of our common stock due to state blue sky laws. 

Each state has its own securities laws,
often called blue sky laws, which (1) limit sales of securities to a state s residents unless the securities are
registered in that state or qualify for an exemption from registration, and (2) govern the reporting requirements for broker-dealers
doing business directly or indirectly in the state. Before a security is sold in a state, there must be a registration in place to cover
the transaction, or it must be exempt from registration. The applicable broker-dealer must also be registered in that state. 

We do not know whether our securities
will be registered or exempt from registration under the laws of any state. A determination regarding registration will be made by those
broker-dealers, if any, who agree to serve as market makers for our common stock. We have not yet applied to have our securities registered
in any state and will not do so until we receive expressions of interest from investors resident in specific states after they have viewed
this offering document. There may be significant state blue sky law restrictions on the ability of investors to sell, and on purchasers
to buy, our securities. You should therefore consider the resale market for our common stock to be limited, as you may be unable to resell
your shares without the significant expense of state registration or qualification. 

Potential future sales under Rule 144 may depress the market
price for the common stock. 

In general, under SEC Rule 144, a person
who has satisfied a minimum holding period of between six months to one-year, as well as meeting any other applicable requirements of
Rule 144, may thereafter sell such shares publicly. Therefore, the possible sale of unregistered shares may, in the future, have a depressive
effect on the price of our common stock in the over-the-counter market. 

Volatility in our common stock price may subject us to securities
litigation. 

The market for our common stock may
have, when compared to seasoned issuers, significant price volatility and we expect that our share price may continue to be more volatile
than that of a seasoned issuer for the indefinite future. In the past, plaintiffs have often initiated securities class action litigation
against a company following periods of volatility in the market price of its securities. We may, in the future, be the target of similar
litigation. Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and liabilities and could divert management s attention and
resources. 

We are not likely to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

We currently intend to retain any future
earnings for use in the operation and expansion of our business. Accordingly, we do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable
future, but will review this policy as circumstances dictate. Should we determine to pay dividends in the future, our ability to do so
will depend upon the receipt of dividends or other payments from Universe Travel. Universe Travel may, from time to time, be subject
to restrictions on its ability to make distributions to us, including restrictions on the conversion of RMB into U.S. dollars or other
hard currency and other regulatory restrictions. 

38 

U.S. investors may experience difficulties in attempting to
effect a service of process and enforce judgments based upon U.S. Federal Securities Laws against the company and its non U.S. resident
officer and director. 

We are a Delaware corporation and, as
such, are subject to the jurisdiction of the State of Delaware and the United States courts for purposes of any lawsuit, action or proceeding
by investors herein. An investor would have the ability to effect service of process in any action on the company within the United States.
However, Ms. Wenxian Fan, our sole officer and director, resides in China and substantially all of our assets are located in China. As
a result, it may not be possible for investors to: 

Effect service of process within the United States against our non-U.S. resident officers or directors; 

Enforce U.S. court judgments based upon the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities
 laws against any of the above referenced foreign persons in the United States; 

Enforce in foreign courts U.S. court judgments based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S.
 federal securities laws against the above foreign persons; and 

Bring an original action in foreign courts to enforce liabilities based upon the U.S. federal securities laws against the above foreign persons. 

Shareholder claims that are common
in the United States, including securities law class actions and fraud claims, generally are difficult to pursue as a matter of law or
practicality in China. For example, in China, there are significant legal and other obstacles to obtaining information needed for shareholder
investigations or litigation outside China or otherwise with respect to foreign entities. Although the local authorities in China may
establish a regulatory cooperation mechanism with the securities regulatory authorities of another country or region to implement cross-border
supervision and administration, such regulatory cooperation with the securities regulatory authorities in the Unities States have not
been efficient in the absence of mutual and practical cooperation mechanism. According to Article 177 of the PRC Securities Law, which
became effective in March 2020, no overseas securities regulator is allowed to directly conduct investigation or evidence collection
activities within the territory of the PRC. Accordingly, without the consent of the competent PRC securities regulators and relevant
authorities, no organization or individual may provide the documents and materials relating to securities business activities to overseas
parties. Further, there is uncertainty as to whether PRC courts would (i) recognize or enforce judgments of United States courts obtained
against us or our director and officer predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or
any state in the United States, or (ii) entertain original actions brought in each respective jurisdiction against us or our director
and officer predicated upon the securities laws of the United States or any state in the United States. 

39 

The Company is selling shares without an underwriter and
may not be able to sell all or any of the shares offered herein. 

Shares of common stock are hereby
being offered on our behalf by our officers and directors, on a best-efforts basis. No broker-dealer has been retained as an underwriter
and no broker-dealer is under any obligation to purchase any shares of common stock. There are no firm commitments to purchase
any of the shares in the direct public offering. Consequently, there is no guarantee that the Company, through its officers
and directors, are capable of selling all, or any, of the shares of common stock offered hereby. The sale of a small
number of shares increases the likelihood that no market will ever develop for our common stock. We will likely need to raise
additional capital in the near future to finance our intended growth. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item 2. Properties 

We lease an office at Engineer Experiment
Building, A202, 7 Gaoxin South Avenue, Nanshan District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, China, encompassing approximately 205 square meters
of space for a monthly rent of RMB 10,000 (approximately 1,570). The lease for this facility expires on February 28, 2024. We believe
the rented space is sufficient for our current operations. We believe our facilities are sufficient for our current needs. 

We consider our current facilities adequate for
our current operations. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 

We are not currently a party to any
material legal or administrative proceedings. We may from time to time be subject to legal or administrative claims and proceedings arising
in the ordinary course of business. Litigation or any other legal or administrative proceeding, regardless of the outcome, is likely
to result in substantial cost and diversion of our resources, including our management s time and attention. Please see the section
herein titled Business - Risk Factors. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

40 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common
Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market Information 

On December 31, 2022, our common stock
was not traded on any stock exchange. 

Holders 

Based upon information furnished by
our transfer agent, as of December 31, 2022, the Company had 62 stockholders of record. 

Dividend 

We have never declared or paid cash
dividends on our shares. We do not have any present plan to pay any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We
currently intend to retain most, if not all, of our available funds and any future earnings to operate and grow our business. 

Our board of directors will have the discretion
to declare and pay dividends in the future, subject to applicable PRC regulations and restrictions. The Wholly-Foreign Owned Enterprise
Law (1986), as amended, and the Wholly-Foreign Owned Enterprise Law Implementing Rules (1990), as amended, and the Company Law of the
PRC (2006), as amended, contain the principal regulations governing dividend distributions by wholly foreign owned enterprises. Under
these regulations, wholly foreign owned enterprises may pay dividends only out of their accumulated profits, if any, determined in accordance
with PRC accounting standards and regulations. Additionally, such companies are required to set aside a certain amount of their accumulated
profits each year, if any, to fund certain reserve funds until such time as the accumulated reserve funds reach and remain above 50 
of the registered capital amount. These reserves are not distributable as cash dividends except in the event of liquidation and cannot
be used for working capital purposes. Furthermore, if our subsidiaries and affiliates in China incur debt on their own in the future,
the instruments governing the debt may restrict its ability to pay dividends or make other payments. If we or our subsidiary and affiliates
are unable to receive all of the revenues from our operations through the current contractual arrangements, we may be unable to pay dividends
on our common stock. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion and analysis
of our results of operations and financial condition should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and the notes
thereto and other financial information, which are included elsewhere in this Report. Our financial statements have been prepared in
accordance with U.S. GAAP. In addition, our financial statements and the financial information included in this Report reflect our organizational
transactions and have been prepared as if our current corporate structure had been in place throughout the relevant periods. 

41 

Overview 

We were incorporated in the State of
Delaware on January 7, 2019. We are a travel service provider. We currently provide car services to individual and group travelers. We
currently offer carpooling, airport pick-up and drop-off, and personal driver services for travelers between Guangdong Province and Hong
Kong. We collaborate with car fleet companies and charge a service fee by matching the traveler and the driver. We officially launched
our online service through our Let s Go mobile application in December 2019 to provide multi-language services to
international travelers coming to visit China. Redefining user experience, we aim to provide our users with comprehensive and convenient
service offerings and become a one-stop travel booking resource for travelers. While network scale is important, we recognize that transportation
happens locally. We currently operate in two markets - Guangdong Province and Hong Kong and plan to expand our offering in more
oversea markets. 

Transfers of Cash to and from Our Subsidiaries 

Pony Group Inc is a holding company incorporated
in Delaware with no material operations of its own, and we conduct our business through our indirectly wholly-owned subsidiaries, Pony
HK, in Hong Kong and Universe Travel, in Shenzhen. We currently do not rely on dividends and other distributions on equity to be paid
by our Hong Kong or Shenzhen subsidiaries to fund our cash and financing requirements, including the funds necessary to pay dividends
and other cash distributions to our stockholders, to service any debt we may incur and to pay our operating expenses. Currently, substantially
all of our operations are in Hong Kong from Pony HK and in Shenzhen from Universe Travel. Pony HK is the parent of a wholly-owned subsidiary,
Universe Travel Culture Technology Ltd., that is incorporated in the PRC. We do not intend to set up any subsidiary or enter into
any contractual arrangements to establish a VIE structure with any entity in China. Hong Kong is a special administrative region of the
PRC and the basic policies of the PRC regarding Hong Kong are reflected in the Basic Law of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region
of the People s Republic of China (the Basic Law ), providing Hong Kong with a high degree of autonomy and executive,
legislative and independent judicial powers, including that of final adjudication under the principle of one country, two systems .
The laws and regulations of the PRC do not currently have any material impact on any future transfer of cash either from us to Pony HK
or from Pony HK to us and the investors in the U.S. In addition, there are no restrictions or limitations under the laws of Hong Kong
imposed on the conversion of Hong Kong dollar or the Chinese Yuan into foreign currencies and the remittance of currencies out of Hong
Kong or across borders and to U.S investors. 

We are permitted under the Delaware law to provide funding to our subsidiaries,
including Pony HK and Universe Travel, through loans or capital contributions without restrictions on the amount of the funds. There are
no significant restrictions or limitations on our ability to distribute earnings from our businesses, including our subsidiaries, to the
U.S. investors. Specifically, under PRC laws and regulations, Universe Travel is a wholly foreign-owned enterprise in China. As such,
Universe Travel may pay dividends only out of its accumulated after-tax profits as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards
and regulations. In addition, a wholly foreign-owned enterprise is required to set aside at least 10 of its accumulated after-tax profits
each year, if any, to fund certain statutory reserve funds until the aggregate amount of such funds reaches 50 of its registered capital.
At its discretion, a wholly foreign-owned enterprise may allocate a portion of its after-tax profits based on PRC accounting standards
to staff welfare and bonus funds. These reserve funds and staff welfare and bonus funds are not distributable as cash dividends. 

In addition, Pony HK is permitted under
the laws of Hong Kong to provide funding to Pony Group Inc, the holding company incorporated in Hong Kong, and to Pony HK s subsidiary,
Universe Travel, a company incorporated in the PRC, through dividend or other distribution without restrictions on the amount of the funds.
Further, Pony HK and Universe Travel currently intend to retain all available funds and future earnings, if any, for the operation and
expansion of its business and does not anticipate declaring or paying any dividends in the foreseeable future As of the date of this Report,
there has been no dividends, distributions or cash transfer between our holding company and our subsidiaries nor do we expect such dividends,
distributions or cash transfers to occur in the foreseeable future among our holding company and its subsidiaries. Accordingly, we currently
do not have, nor we anticipate to have in the future, cash management policies that dictate how funds are transferred between our holding
company and its subsidiaries. 

Moreover, there are no restrictions on foreign exchange
or our ability to transfer cash between entities within our group, across borders, or to U.S. investors. However, the PRC government has
significant authority to intervene or influence the China operations of an offshore holding company at any time, and such oversight may
also extend to our Hong Kong operating company. We cannot assure you that the PRC government will not prevent us from transferring the
cash we maintain in Hong Kong outside of Hong Kong, or restrict our ability to deploy our cash into business or to pay dividends. We could
also be subject to limitations on the transfer or the use of our cash if we expand our business operations into China or conduct our operations
in some other ways such that we become subject to PRC laws that regulate these activities. In addition, if Pony HK or Universe Travel
incur debt on its own behalf in the future, the instruments governing the debt may restrict its ability to pay dividends or make other
distributions to us. To the extent cash and/or assets in the business is in Pony HK or Universe Travel, the cash and/or assets may not
be available to fund operations or for other use outside of the PRC or Hong Kong due to interventions in or the imposition of restrictions
and limitations on our ability or on our subsidiaries by the PRC government to transfer such cash and/or assets. As such, any limitation
on our ability to transfer or use our cash could materially and adversely limit our ability to grow, make investments or acquisitions
that could be beneficial to our business, pay dividends, or otherwise fund and conduct our business. 

42 

We have never paid or declared any cash dividends
on our common stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The declaration of dividends on any class
of shares is within the discretion of our board of directors, subject to Delaware law, out of legally available funds, and will depend
on the assessment of, among other factors, earnings, capital requirements and our operating and financial condition. None of our subsidiaries
has made any dividends or distributions to us. Under the current practice of the Inland Revenue Department of Hong Kong, no tax is payable
in Hong Kong in respect of dividends paid by us. See Item 1A. Risk Factors - Risks Related to Our Business and Industry - We
are not likely to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. . 

Plan of Operations 

In January 2019, we started our Research
and Development R D project mobile Lets Go App App designed to have multi-language interface to attract
users from the world, focusing on providing one-stop travel services to foreigners traveling in China, for both leisure and business. 

In April 2019, we rolled out basic version
which supports carpooling, car rental, Airport Pick-up and/or Drop-off, etc., ready for download at Apple App store; the basic version
has an interface in Chinese language only. In May 2019, we rolled out second version which has an enhanced interface in both Chinese
and English language, supporting payment through PayPal. By the end of 2019, we rolled out third version which has multi-language interface
to attract users from all-over the world. In January 2020, we official launched App. 

We intend to attract users from outside
of China to use our App and expand our offerings on the App to serve as a one-stop shop to book tickets, reserve hotels, rent a car and
hire an English speaking driver. 

Our goal is to grow to an international
player in the travel service market. To accomplish such goal, we will cooperate with other businesses which have capital, marketing and
technology resources or products. We expect to recruit more workforce and talents, and develop new technologies and products. 

Results of Operations 

For the Year ended December 31, 2022 Compared
to December 31, 2021 

Revenue 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
revenues were 112,844 and 157,627, respectively, with a decrease of 44,783 over the same period in 2021. From January to March 2022,
the Company provided a new car subscription service to Gangjianxiang which brought in approximately RMB 60,000 (about 9,464) of
revenue per month. Separately, orders from Gangjianxiang brought in approximately RMB20,000 (about 2,551) from April 2022 due to a decrease
in demand for services from Gangjianxiang. 

Cost of Revenue 

Cost of Revenue
for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 45,001 and 102,314, respectively, with a decrease of 57,313 over the same period
in 2021. The decrease of cost of revenue was mainly due to Universe Travel developing an active travel planning service in the first quarter
of 2021. As such, the cost of developing the service increased the cost of revenue for such quarter. There was no such item in 2022, thus
the cost of revenue decreased for year ended December 31, 2022. 

Gross Profit 

Gross profits were 67,843 and 55,313
for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of 12,530 over the same period in 2021. The increase of gross
profit was due to Universe Travel providing technology development services to Shenzhen Shangjia Electronic Technology., Ltd Shangjia in 2022, which brought in 57,704 of revenue for the Company. This service provided has a higher gross profit margin and led to the increase
of the total gross profit margin for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

43 

Operating Expenses 

Operating
expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 342,468 and 171,276, respectively, with an increase of 171,192 or 99.95 
from the same period in 2021. The increase was mainly due to service fee paid for OTC listing and other consulting services fees .
R D expenses increased to 23,816 for the Company to develop and maintain the App. 

Other Income (Expense) 

Other
income consists of interest income and exchange gain (loss) for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the net other income were 5,547
when it was 17,957for the same period in 2021.The change of other Income(expense) mainly due to the change of exchange rate. The increase
was mainly due to the change of exchange rate and the increase of average cash balance. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We suffered recurring losses from operations
and have an accumulated deficit of 549,404 at December 31, 2022. We had a cash balance of 49,803 and working capital deficit of 355,544
as of December 31, 2022. The Company has incurred losses of 269,078 and 98,006 for the year ended December 31 2022 and 2021, respectively.
The Company has not continually generated significant gross margins. Unless our operations generate a significant increase in gross margins
and cash flows from operating activities, our continued operations will depend on whether we are able to raise additional funds through
various sources, such as equity and debt financing, other collaborative agreements and/or strategic alliances. Our management is actively
engaged in seeking additional capital to fund our operations in the short to medium term. Such additional funds may not become available
on acceptable terms and there can be no assurance that any additional funding that we do obtain will be sufficient to meet our needs in
the long term. As of December 31, 2022, we had enough cash to last approximately six months. 

Net cash used in operating activities
for the year ended December 31, 2022 amounted to 325,529, compared to 2,778 net cash used in operating activities for the year ended
December 31, 2021. 

There were 0 cash used by investment
activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Net cash provided by financing activities
for the year ended December 31, 2022 amounted to 92,603, compared to net cash used in financing activities of 14,333 in the same period
2021. The net cash provided by financing activities were from shareholders who paid cost and other expenses on behalf of the Company. 

Further, our audited financial
statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 were prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern. In addition, as discussed
in Note 2 of the financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations.
These conditions raise substantial doubt on our ability to continue as a going concern. The report of our independent registered public
accounting firm on our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 included an explanatory paragraph on the doubt of our
ability to continue as a going concern in order to draw prospective investors attention to the relevant note in the financial statements
for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

In order to continue as a going concern, the Company
will need, among other things, additional capital resources. Management s plans to obtain such resources for the Company include
(1) obtaining capital from the sale of its equity securities, (2) sales of the Company s services, (3) short-term and long-term
borrowings from banks, and (4) short-term borrowings from stockholders or other related party(ies) when needed. However, management cannot
provide any assurance that the Company will be successful in accomplishing any of its plans. The ability of the Company to continue as
a going concern is dependent upon its ability to successfully accomplish the plans described in the preceding paragraph and eventually
to secure other sources of financing and attain profitable operations. If we are unable to raise additional capital in debt or equity
financing on terms favorable to us, then we may be unable to achieve our objectives. 

44 

COVID-19 

In January 2020, the World Health Organization
declared a global health emergency as the novel coronavirus COVID-19 outbreak continues to spread beyond China. In an
effort to contain COVID-19, the Chinese authorities had suspended air, road, and rail travel in the area around Wuhan and placed restrictions
on travel and other activities throughout China, including Guangdong Province and Hong Kong, the key market in which we operate. In compliance
with the government health emergency rules in place, the Company temporarily closed all offices in China and ceased operations from January
19, 2020 to February 10, 2020. At the end of this period, management reopened our business. 

As of the date of this Report, the Hong
Kong government has reported cases of COVID-19 in the city, has upgraded its response level to emergency, its highest response level,
and is taking other steps to manage the outbreak. Prior to December 13, 2022, the Hong Kong government only allows vaccinated persons
arriving from overseas to enter, and all vaccinated persons are subject to a three-day self-monitoring period for COVID-19 while in the
city. During the self-monitoring period, vaccinated persons are not permitted to enter designated places of public gathering including
restaurants, places of amusement and religious premises. As of the date of this Report, the Hong Kong government no longer requires travelers
to undergo the three-day-self monitoring period, however, travelers to Hong Kong must be fully vaccinated and undergo COVID-19 testing
before departure. On January 30, 2020, the Hong Kong government closed certain transportation links and border checkpoints connecting
Hong Kong with mainland China (all located in Guangdong Province) until further notice, and on February 3, 2020 suspended ferry services
from Macau (which has border checkpoints connecting Macau with Guangdong Province). On February 6, 2023, the Hong Kong government has
reopened all transportation links and border checkpoints with mainland China. 

The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic,
including the travel restrictions described above, have resulted in a dramatic reduction in the number of people travelling from Guangdong
Province to Hong Kong and a similar reduction in the number of our customers and have severely impacted our operating results. The number
of travellers between Guangdong province and Hong Kong deceases significantly. Thus, the orders for our travel service business decreased.
In the same period, to generate new revenues we started provided monthly subscription service to obtain new customers. From January
to March 2022, the Company provided car subscription service to Gangjianxiang which brought in approximately RMB60,000 (about 9,464)
of revenue per month. From April 2022 until December 31, 2022, separate orders from Gangjianxiang brought in approximately RMB20,000 (about
 2,551). Our subsidiary Universe Travel started to provided technology and development services to help our clients to develop their own
mobile application and platform, we believe that such services will generate additional revenue in the future. 

Many of the restrictive measures previously
adopted by the PRC governments at various levels to control the spread of the COVID-19 virus have been revoked or replaced with
more flexible measures since December 2022. While the revocation or replacement of the restrictive measures to contain the COVID-19
pandemic could have a positive impact on our normal operations, it may also shift the public s interest in COVID-19 vaccines.
Moreover, there has recently been and may continue to be an increase inCOVID-19 cases in China, and as a result, we experienced temporary
disruption to our operations where many employees were infected with COVID-19 in December 2022. Our business operations
and active ties in many regions (including Hong Kong and Guangdong Province) may be subject to quarantines, shelter-in-place 
rules, and various other restrictions for the foreseeable future. Due to the uncertainty of the future impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic,
the extent of the financial impact cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. Without limited the generality of the foregoing sentence,
any significant disruption to travel, including travel restrictions and other potential protective quarantine measures against COVID-19
by governmental agencies, may increase the difficulty and could make it difficult for the Company to provide its services to its customers.
Travel restrictions and protective measures against COVID-19 could cause the Company to incur additional unexpected costs and expenses.
The extent to which COVID-19 impacts the Company s business, sales and results of operations will depend on future developments,
which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. 

45 

Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial
statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern; however, the above condition raises substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to do so. The financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future
effects on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classification of liabilities that may result should the
Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

In order to continue as a going concern,
the Company will need, among other things, additional capital resources. Management s plans to obtain such resources for the Company
include (1) obtaining capital from the sale of its equity securities, (2) sales of the Company s services, (3) short-term and long-term
borrowings from banks, and (4) short-term borrowings from stockholders or other related party(ies) when needed. However, management cannot
provide any assurance that the Company will be successful in accomplishing any of its plans. The ability of the Company to continue as
a going concern is dependent upon its ability to successfully accomplish the plans described in the preceding paragraph and eventually
to secure other sources of financing and attain profitable operations. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The discussion and analysis of the Company s
financial condition and results of operations are based upon the Company s consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We continually evaluate our estimates, including
those related to bad debts, the useful life of property and equipment and intangible assets, and the valuation of equity transactions.
We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believed to be reasonable under the circumstances,
the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent
from other sources. Any future changes to these estimates and assumptions could cause a material change to our reported amounts of revenues,
expenses, assets and liabilities. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. We believe
the following critical accounting policies affect our significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of the financial statements. 

Accounts Receivable - The customers
are required to make payments when they book the services, otherwise, the services will not be arranged. Sometimes, the Company extends
credit to its group clients. The company considers accounts receivable to be fully collectible at year-end. Accordingly, no allowance
for doubtful accounts has been recorded. 

Revenue Recognition - The Company
recognizes revenue in accordance with ASC 606. The core principle of ASC606 is to recognize revenue when promised goods or services are
transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that is expected to be received for those goods or services. ASC
606 defines a five-step process to achieve this core principle, which includes: (1) identifying contracts with customers, (2) identifying
performance obligations within those contracts, (3) determining the transaction price, (4) allocating the transaction price to the performance
obligation in the contract, which may include an estimate of variable consideration, and (5) recognizing revenue when or as each performance
obligation is satisfied. Our sales arrangements generally ask customers to pay in advance before any services can be arranged. The company
recognizes revenue when each performance obligation is satisfied. Documents and terms and the completion of any customer acceptance requirements,
when applicable, are used to verify services rendered. The Company has no returns or sales discounts and allowances because services
rendered and accepted by customers are normally not returnable. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of December 31, 2022, we did not have
any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Not applicable. 

46 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data 

The financial statements required by this item
begin on page F-1 hereof. 

Index to Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID #5041) 
 F-1 
 
 Financial Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 202 1 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 202 1 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 202 1 
 F-5 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-6 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm 

To the shareholders and the board of directors
of Pony Group, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Pony Group, Inc. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, stockholders equity (deficit),
and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In
our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31,
2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company has
suffered recurring losses from operations and has a significant accumulated deficit. In addition, the Company continues to experience
negative cash flows from operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/S/ 

BF Borgers CPA PC (PCAOB ID 

We have served as the Company s auditor since
2019 

March 31, 2023 

F- 2 

PONY GROUP INC., AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivables 

Other receivables 

Other receivables-related parties 

Total current assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Equity 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Other payable- related parties 

Other current liability 

Total current liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Equity 

Ordinary shares, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated foreign currency exchange loss 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Pony Group Inc stockholders equity 

Total equity 

Total liabilities and equity 

The accompanying notes are integral to these consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 3 

PONY GROUP INC., AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For The Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

General administrative expenses 

R D expense 

Total operating expenses 

Income (loss) from operation 

Other income (expenses) 

Other income (expense) 

Total other income 

Loss before income taxes 

Provision for income tax 

Net Loss 

Net Loss 

Other Comprehensive Income 

Comprehensive loss 

Basic and diluted earnings (loss) per common share 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding 

The accompanying notes are integral to these consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 4 

PONY GROUP INC., AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGE IN EQUITY 

Common stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Subscription received in 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 Accumulated Earnings 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 advance 
 (Loss) 
 (Deficit) 
 Total 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2020 

-

Cumulative Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Net (Loss) 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

-

Cumulative Foreign currency translation adjustment 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Net (Loss) 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

-

The accompanying notes are integral to these consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 5 

PONY GROUP INC., AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For The Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating activities 

Net Loss 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Other receivable 

Accounts payable 

Other payable 

Cash provided (used) in operating activities 

Cash flow used in investing activities: 

Cash used in investing activities 
 -
 
 -

Cash flow provided (used) by financing activities: 

Pay for deferred offering cost 
 -
 
 -

Advance from (repayment to) related party 

Proceed from Issue of Common Stock 
 -
 
 -

Cash provided by financing activities 

Effects of currency translation on cash 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

Cash at beginning of the period 

Cash at end of period 

The accompanying notes are integral to these consolidated
financial statements. 

F- 6 

PONY GROUP INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

shares of the PONY LIMOUSINE SERVICES LIMITED, which represented of the shares. On March 07, 2019, this transaction was completed. 

F- 7 

and , respectively. The company considers accounts receivable to be fully collectible and determined that an allowance
for doubtful accounts was not necessary. 

subsidiary
of the company has agreements with its two major clients that the payments for the services rendered be settled every six months. The
two major clients combined accounted for of the revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, respectively. 

on the estimated assessable profit for the period. 

to US 
 RMB to US 
 
 Statement of operation and other comprehensive income 
 HK to US 
 RMB to US 
 
 December 31, 2021 

Balance sheet 
 HK to US 
 RMB to US 
 
 Statement of operation and other comprehensive income 
 HK to US 
 RMB to US 

and during the
year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and as of
December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The Company s continuation as a going concern is dependent on its ability
to generate sufficient cash flows from operations to meet its obligations and/or obtain additional financing, as may be required. 

F- 8 

on behalf of PONY GROUP
INC for the US legal and audit cost incurred relevant to the OTC listing. 

After the stock split, the par value of the commons stocks was per share. The shareholders should pay
the consideration of to the company. For the company use a retroactive basis to p resent
the nominal shares, the considerations and receivable form shareholders also should be represented. 

Total due from related parties 

Total due to related parties 

major suppliers for the year ended December 31, 2022: CHANGYING BUSINESS LIMITED representing 96.03 . 

major
customers for the year ended December 31, 2022: Shenzhen Shangjia Electronic Technology., Ltd Shangjia for 
of revenue and HK Gangjianxiang Trade Co Ltd. Gangjianxiang for of
revenue. 

F- 9 

shares of common stock to
the following shareholders. On May 24, 2019, these transactions were completed, the consideration received was deposited into the company s
bank account. On June 1, 2020, After the stock split, the par value of the commons stocks
was per share. The shareholders and the number of shares held after the stock dividend are as following: 

Aller Bonvoyage Inc 

Capital Club Holding Limited 

KERUIDA Investment Limited 

Synionm Investments Limited 

Wisdom travel service investments Limited 

ordinary shares at a public offering price of per share, for total gross proceeds of
approximately before deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and other related expenses. 

F- 10 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, we conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange
Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer have concluded that as of
December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There have been no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information 

None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding
Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not applicable. 

47 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers
and Corporate Governance 

Directors and Executive Officers 

Our current director and offices are as follow: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Wenxian Fan 
 
 47 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chair of the Board of Directors 

Wenxian Fan is the founder of
our Company and has been serving as our Chair of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer since
its inception. Ms. Fan s primary responsibilities include defining our global expansion, sales and marketing strategies,
establishing company-wide policies and overall management. Ms. Fan has more than 20 years of experience in the transportation
industry. Ms. Fan founded Pony Limousine Services Limited in March 2016, and Shenzhen Yilutong Technology Co. Ltd. in December 2015
and has been its Chair of the board of directors since its inception. She was the general manager of Shenzhen Zhixingzhiyuan
Technology Co., Ltd., an online designated driver service company, from March 2015 to December 2015. She also served as vice general
manager of Shenzhen Zhongqinghechuang Cultural Media Technology Co. Ltd. from June 2010 to March 2015. She was the administration
officer of global sales department (West Africa region) for Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd since June 2006 to August 2007. Since
August 2007 to July 2009, she served as administration director of Freeboarders Software Development (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. Ms. Fan
started her transportation management career and held multiple positions at Shenzhen Transportation Center since September 1998. Ms.
Fan received her bachelor s degree in transportation economic from Shenzhen University in June 1998 and her master s
degree in transportation management from Wuhan University of Technology in January 2004. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships, or other arrangements
or understandings between or among any of the directors, executive officers or other person pursuant to which such person was selected
to serve as a director or officer. 

Director Independence and Committees of the Board of Directors 

We are not required to have any independent members
of the Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors has determined that none of the directors are independent under applicable SEC rules.
As we do not have any board committees, the Board as a whole carries out the functions of audit, nominating and compensation committees. 

Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Insider Trading Policy 

We currently do not have a Code of Ethical Conduct
and an Insider Trading Policy but plan to adopt them as we develop our business in the future. 

48 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 

The following table sets forth the aggregate compensation
paid to our Chief Executive Officer for services rendered in all capacities for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Summary Compensation Table 

Name and principal position 
 
 Year 
 
 Salary ) 

Bonus ) 

Stock 
Awards ) 

Option 
Awards ) 

Non-Equity 
Incentive Plan 
Compensation ) 

Nonqualified 
Deferred 
Compensation 
Earnings ) 

All Other 
Compensation ) 

Total ) 

Wenxian Fan 
 
 2022 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Chair of the Board and 
Chief Executive Officer 
 
 2021 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Employment Agreements and Potential
Payments Upon Termination 

We have not entered into any employment agreement
with our executive officer. 

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

None. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

None. 

Director Compensation 

To date, we have not paid any remuneration to our
directors in their capacities as such. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

Other than proceedings disclosed herein, none of
our directors and executive officers have been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years: 

1. 
 any bankruptcy petition filed by or against such person or any business of which such person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; 

2. 
 any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); 

3. 
 being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities or to be associated with any person practicing in banking or securities activities; 

4. 
 being found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action, the SEC or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 

5. 
 being subject of, or a party to, any federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged violation of any federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies, or any law or regulation prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 

6. 
 being subject of or party to any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated, of any self-regulatory organization, any registered entity or any equivalent exchange, association, entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated with a member. 

49 

Item 12: Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
Management and Related Stockholder Matters Principal Stockholders 

Based solely upon information made available
to us, the following table sets forth information as of the date of this prospectus regarding the beneficial ownership of our common
stock by: 

each person known by us to be
the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of common stock; 

each of our named executive
officers and directors; and 

all our executive officers and
directors as a group. 

The percentage ownership information shown
in the table is based upon 11,500,000 shares of common stock outstanding.. 

Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance
with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the securities. Except as otherwise indicated, each
person or entity named in the table has sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of our capital shown as beneficially
owned, subject to applicable community property laws. 

In computing the number and percentage of shares
beneficially owned by a person, shares that may be acquired by such person (for example, upon the exercise of options or warrants) within
60 days of the date of this prospectus are counted as outstanding, while these shares are not counted as outstanding for computing the
percentage ownership of any other person. 

The address of each holder listed below, except
as otherwise indicated, is c/o Engineer Experiment Building, A202, 7 Gaoxin South Avenue, Nanshan District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province,
China 518054. 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 Shares
 of Common Beneficially Stock Owned (1)(5) 
 Percent
 of Common Stock Beneficially Owned Before Offering (1) 
 Percent
 of Common Stock Beneficially Owned After Offering (1) 
 
 5 Beneficial Owners 

Pony Group Ltd. (2) 
 5,580,000 
 62.00 
 48.52 
 
 KERUIDA Investment Limited (3) 
 900,000 
 10.00 
 7.83 
 
 Synionm Investments Limited (4) 
 900,000 
 10.00 
 7.83 
 
 Wisdom Travel Service Investments Limited (5) 
 900,000 
 10.00 
 7.83 
 
 Directors
 and Officers 

Wenxian Fan 
 8,280,000 
 92.00 
 72.00 

(1) Percentage
 ownership is based on 11,500,000 shares of our common stock outstanding prior to this offering
 and shares of our common stock outstanding after this offering. 

(2) Wenxian
 Fan has sole voting and dispositive power of shares beneficially owned by Pony Group Ltd. 

(3) Wenxian
 Fan has sole voting and dispositive power of shares beneficially owned by KERUIDA Investment
 Limited. 

(4) Wenxian
 Fan has sole voting and dispositive power of shares beneficially owned by Synionm Investments
 Limited. 

(5) Wenxian
 Fan has sole voting and dispositive power of shares beneficially owned by Wisdom Travel Service
 Investments Limited. 

Under
 SEC rules, beneficial ownership includes shares over which the individual or entity has voting
 or investment power and any shares which the individual or entity has the right to acquire
 within sixty days. 

50 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions 

We do not have transactions since our inception, or which are currently
being proposed, to which we were a party or will be a party, in which: 

the
 amounts involved exceeded or will exceed the lesser of 120,000 and 1 of the average of
 our total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years; and 

any
 of our directors, executive officers or holders of more than 5 of our capital stock, or
 any member of the immediate family of the foregoing persons, had or will have a direct or
 indirect material interest. 

Policy on Related Party Transactions 

We currently do not have a company policy on related party transactions.
In addition, none of the related party transactions disclosed above were approved by our Board. We plan to adopt a policy on related
party transactions in the near term as we further develop our business and improve our corporate governance. 

Item 14 . Principal Accountant Fees and
Services. 

The following table shows the fees that we paid
or accrued for the audit and other services provided by our independent registered public accounting firms for the fiscal years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Fee Category 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 
 Audit Fees (1) 
 45,000 
 35,500 
 
 Audit-Related Fees (2) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Tax Fees (3) 
 - 
 - 
 
 All Other Fees (4) 
 - 
 - 

(1) 
 This category consists of fees for professional services rendered by our principal independent registered public accountants for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of financial statements included in our quarterly reports and services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firms in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements for those fiscal years. 

(2) 
 This category consists of fees for assurance and related services by our independent registered public accountant that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported above under Audit Fees. The services for the fees disclosed under this category include consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. 

(3) 
 This category consists of fees for professional services rendered by our independent registered public accountant for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. 

(4) 
 This category consists of fees for services provided by our independent registered public accountants other than the services described above. 

51 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement
Schedules 

(a) The following documents are
filed as part of this Report: 

(1) The Financial
Statements in Item 8 herein; and 

(2) Index
to the Financial Statements in Item 8 herein. 

All financial statement schedules are omitted because
they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required information is presented in the financial statements
and notes thereto in Item 15 of Part IV below. 

(3) Exhibits 

We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits
listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected and copied at the public reference
facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained
from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at
www.sec.gov. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 

Not applicable. 

52 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

No. 
 
 Description
 of Exhibit 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as amended (1) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws of the Company (1) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Transportation Service Agreement, dated May 18, 2016, between Hong Kong Wanjin Industry Co., Limited and the Company (1) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Transportation Service Agreement, dated May 22, 2016, between Yahong Business Limited and the Company (1) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement between the Company and the investor (2) 
 
 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Company (1) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

(1) Incorporated herein by reference
to the Company s Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 28, 2019. (1) 

(2) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Form S-1/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 28, 2020. (2) 

53 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange
Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

PONY GROUP INC. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Wenxian Fan 

Name: 
 Wenxian Fan 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) and 
Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial Officer) 

54 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex31-1_ponygroup.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION 

I, Wenxian Fan, Chief Executive Officer of Pony Group Inc., certify
that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Pony Group Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and audit committee: 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/ Wenxian Fan 

Wenxian Fan 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer and 
Chief Financial Officer) 
(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-2_ponygroup.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION 

I, Wenxian Fan, Chief Financial Officer of Pony Group Inc., certify
that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Pony Group Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and audit committee: 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/ Wenxian Fan 

Wenxian Fan 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and 
Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex32-1_ponygroup.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual report of Pony Group
Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Wenxian Fan, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/ Wenxian Fan 

Wenxian Fan 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer and 

Chief Financial Officer) 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-2_ponygroup.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the annual report of Pony Group
Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Wenxian Fan, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 /s/ Wenxian Fan 

Wenxian Fan 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and 
Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 pginc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 pginc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 pginc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 pginc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 pginc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

