<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_1015328_0001015328-23-000070.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>36582872</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>638886</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>4014179</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>16469349</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>7478844</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>7189468</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001015328-23-000070.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230228172740
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001015328-23-000070
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		155
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230228

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WINTRUST FINANCIAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001015328
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				363873352
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35077
		FILM NUMBER:		23687581

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9700 WEST HIGGINS ROAD, 8TH FLOOR
		CITY:			ROSEMONT
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60018
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8479399000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9700 WEST HIGGINS ROAD, 8TH FLOOR
		CITY:			ROSEMONT
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60018

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001015328-23-000070.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 wtfc-20221231.htm
 10-K

wtfc-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the Transition Period from to 
 Commission File Number 
 oration 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered Depositary Shares, Each Representing a 1/1,000 th Interest in a Share of 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal controls over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Yes No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Yes No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second quarter), determined using the closing price of the common stock on that day of 80.15, as reported by the NASDAQ Global Select Market, was . 
 
 As of February 24, 2023, the registrant had shares of common stock outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I ITEM 1 Business 3 
 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 22 
 ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 42 
 ITEM 2. Properties 43 
 ITEM 3. Legal Proceedings 43 
 ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 43 
 PART II ITEM 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 44 
 ITEM 6. [Reserved] 45 
 ITEM 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 46 
 ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 91 
 ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 93 
 ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 167 
 ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 167 
 ITEM 9B. Other Information 170 
 ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 170 
 PART III ITEM 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 170 
 ITEM 11. Executive Compensation 170 
 ITEM 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 171 
 ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 171 
 ITEM 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 171 
 PART IV ITEM 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 172 
 ITEM 16. Form 10-K Summary 178 
 Signatures 179 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 Overview 
 
 Wintrust Financial Corporation, an Illinois corporation we, Wintrust or the Company ), which was incorporated in 1992, is a financial holding company based in Rosemont, Illinois, with total assets of approximately 52.9 billion as of December 31, 2022. We provide community-oriented, personal and commercial banking services to customers generally located in the Chicago metropolitan area, southern Wisconsin and northwest Indiana our market area through our fifteen wholly-owned-banking subsidiaries (collectively, the banks ), as well as the origination and purchase of residential mortgages for sale into the secondary market through Wintrust Mortgage, a division of Barrington Bank Trust Company, N.A. Barrington Bank ). In addition, we provide specialty finance services, including financing for the payment of property and casualty insurance premiums and life insurance premiums premium finance receivables on a national basis through FIRST Insurance Funding, a division of our wholly-owned subsidiary Lake Forest Bank Trust Company, N.A. Lake Forest Bank ), and Wintrust Life Finance, a division of Lake Forest Bank, and in Canada through our premium finance company, First Insurance Funding of Canada FIFC Canada ), lease financing and other direct leasing opportunities through our wholly-owned subsidiary, Wintrust Asset Finance, Inc. Wintrust Asset Finance ), and short-term accounts receivable financing and outsourced administrative services through our wholly-owned subsidiary, Tricom, Inc. of Milwaukee Tricom ). Further, we provide a full range of wealth management services primarily to customers in our market area through four separate subsidiaries, The Chicago Trust Company, N.A. CTC ), Wintrust Investments, LLC Wintrust Investments ), Great Lakes Advisors, LLC Great Lakes Advisors and Chicago Deferred Exchange Company, LLC CDEC ). 
 
 Our Business and Reporting Segments 
 
 As set forth in Note (24) Segment Information , our operations consist of three primary segments: community banking, specialty finance and wealth management. The three reportable segments are strategic business units that are separately managed as they offer different products and services and have different marketing strategies. In addition, each segment s customer base has varying characteristics and each segment has a different regulatory environment. While the Company s management monitors each of the fifteen bank subsidiaries operations and profitability separately, these subsidiaries have been aggregated into one reportable operating segment due to the similarities in products and services, customer base, operations, profitability measures and economic characteristics. All segment measurements discussed below are based on the reportable segments and do not reflect intersegment eliminations. 
 
 Community Banking 
 
 Through our community banking segment, our banks provide community-oriented, personal and commercial banking services to customers located in our market area. Our customers include individuals, small to mid-sized businesses, local governmental units and institutional clients residing primarily in the banks local service areas. The banks have a strategy to provide comprehensive community-focused banking services. In keeping with this strategy, the banks provide highly personalized and responsive service, a characteristic of locally-owned and managed institutions. As such, the banks compete for deposits principally by offering depositors a variety of deposit programs, convenient office locations, hours and other services, and for loan originations primarily through the interest rates and loan fees they charge, the efficiency and quality of services they provide to borrowers and the variety of their loan and treasury management products. Using our multiple bank charter corporate structure to our advantage, we offer our MaxSafe deposit accounts, which provide customers with expanded Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance coverage by spreading a customer s deposit across our fifteen banks. This product differentiates our banks from many of our competitors that have consolidated their bank charters into branches. We also have downtown Chicago and Milwaukee offices that work with each of our banks to capture commercial and industrial business. Our commercial and industrial lenders in our downtown offices operate in close partnership with lenders at our community banks. By combining our expertise in the commercial and industrial sector with our high level of personal service and a full suite of banking products, we believe we create another point of differentiation from both our larger and smaller competitors. Our banks also offer home equity, consumer, and real estate loans, safe deposit facilities, ATMs, online and mobile banking and other innovative and traditional services specially tailored to meet the needs of customers in their market areas. 
 
 We developed our banking franchise through a combination of de novo organizations and the purchase of existing bank franchises. The organizational efforts began in 1991, when a group of experienced bankers and local business people identified an unfilled niche in the Chicago metropolitan area retail banking market. As large banks acquired smaller ones and personal service was subjected to consolidation strategies, the opportunity increased for locally owned and operated, highly personal 
 3 

service-oriented banks. As a result, Lake Forest Bank was founded in December 1991 to service the Lake Forest and Lake Bluff communities within the Chicago metropolitan area. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we owned fifteen nationally chartered banks: Lake Forest Bank, Barrington Bank, Wintrust Bank, N.A. Wintrust Bank ), Libertyville Bank Trust Company, N.A. Libertyville Bank ), Northbrook Bank Trust Company, N.A. Northbrook Bank ), Village Bank Trust, N.A. Village Bank ), Wheaton Bank Trust Company, N.A. Wheaton Bank ), State Bank of the Lakes, N.A., Crystal Lake Bank Trust Company, N.A. Crystal Lake Bank ), Schaumburg Bank Trust Company, N.A. Schaumburg Bank ), Beverly Bank Trust Company, N.A. Beverly Bank ), Old Plank Trail Community Bank, N.A. Old Plank Trail Bank ), Hinsdale Bank Trust Company, N.A. Hinsdale Bank ), St. Charles Bank Trust Company, N.A. St. Charles Bank and Town Bank, N.A. Town Bank ). As of December 31, 2022, we had 174 banking locations. Each nationally-chartered bank is subject to regulation, supervision and regular examination by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency OCC ). 
 
 We also engage in the retail origination and purchase of residential mortgages through Wintrust Mortgage as well as consumer direct lending primarily to veterans through our Veterans First brand. Certain originated loans are sold to unaffiliated companies or the Company s banks with servicing remaining within Wintrust Mortgage operations. Wintrust Mortgage maintains retail mortgage offices in a number of states, with the largest concentration located in the Chicago, Minneapolis, Salt Lake City and Los Angeles metropolitan areas. 
 
 We also offer several niche lending products through several of the banks. These include Barrington Bank s Community Advantage program, which provides lending, deposit and treasury management services to condominium, homeowner and community associations; Hinsdale Bank s mortgage warehouse lending program, which provides loan and deposit services to mortgage brokerage companies located predominantly in the Chicago metropolitan area; Lake Forest Bank s insurance agency finance lending program, which provides financing to insurance agents and businesses; and Lake Forest Bank s franchise lending program, which provides lending to restaurant franchisees. Other niches offered throughout our banking franchise include Wintrust Commercial Finance, which offers direct leasing opportunities; Wintrust Business Credit, which specializes in asset-based lending for middle-market companies; Wintrust SBA Lending, which is dedicated to offering expertise in Small Business Administration SBA loans; Wintrust Commercial Real Estate, which concentrates on real estate lending solutions including commercial mortgages and construction loans; and Wintrust Government, Non-Profit Hospital, which focuses on financial solutions for mission-based organizations such as hospitals, non-profits, educational institutions and local government operations. In addition, we offer a niche deposit service through our Northbrook Bank s Funds Group. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the community banking segment had net revenues of 1.5 billion, 1.3 billion and 1.3 billion, respectively, and net income of 349 million, 319 million and 164 million, respectively. The community banking segment had total assets of 41.4 billion, 40.3 billion and 36.8 billion as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The community banking segment accounted for approximately 75 of our consolidated net revenues, excluding intersegment eliminations, for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Specialty Finance 
 
 Through our specialty finance segment, we offer financing of insurance premiums for businesses and individuals; accounts receivable financing, value-added, out-sourced administrative services; and other specialty finance businesses. FIRST Insurance Funding and Wintrust Life Finance engage in the premium finance receivables business, our most significant specialized lending niche, including property and casualty insurance premium finance and life insurance premium finance. We also engage in property and casualty insurance premium finance in Canada through our wholly-owned subsidiary FIFC Canada. 
 
 In their property and casualty insurance premium finance operations, FIRST Insurance Funding and FIFC Canada make loans primarily to businesses to finance the insurance premiums they pay on their property and casualty insurance policies. Approved medium and large insurance agents and brokers located throughout the United States and Canada assist FIRST Insurance Funding and FIFC Canada, respectively, in arranging each commercial premium finance loan between the borrower and FIRST Insurance Funding or FIFC Canada, as the case may be. FIRST Insurance Funding or FIFC Canada evaluates each loan request according to its own underwriting criteria including the amount of the down payment on the insurance policy, the term of the loan, the credit quality of the insurance company providing the financed insurance policy, the interest rate, the borrower's previous payment history, if any, and other factors deemed appropriate. Upon approval of the loan by FIRST Insurance Funding or FIFC Canada, as the case may be, the borrower makes a down payment on the financed insurance policy, which is generally done by providing payment to the agent or broker, who then forwards it to the insurance company. FIRST Insurance Funding or FIFC Canada may either forward the financed amount of the remaining policy premiums directly to the insurance carrier or to the agent or broker for remittance to the insurance carrier on FIRST Insurance Funding s or FIFC Canada s behalf. In some cases the agent or broker may hold our collateral, in the form of the proceeds of the unearned insurance premium from the 
 4 

insurance company, and forward it to FIRST Insurance Funding or FIFC Canada in the event of a default by the borrower. This lending involves relatively rapid turnover of the loan portfolio and high volume of loan originations. Because the agent or broker is the primary contact to the ultimate borrowers who are located nationwide and because proceeds and our collateral may be handled by the agent or brokers during the term of the loan, FIRST Insurance Funding and FIFC Canada may be more susceptible to third party (i.e., agent or broker) fraud. The Company performs various controls and procedures including ongoing credit and other reviews of the agents and brokers as well as performs various internal audit steps to mitigate against the risk of material fraud. 
 
 The commercial and property premium finance business is subject to regulation in the majority of states. Regulation typically governs notices to borrowers prior to cancellation of a policy and required communication to insurance agents and insurance companies. FIRST Insurance Funding offers financing of property and casualty insurance policies in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. FIRST Insurance Funding s legal department regularly monitors changes to regulations and updates policies and programs accordingly. 
 
 Wintrust Life Finance finances life insurance policy premiums generally used for estate planning purposes of high net-worth borrowers. These loans are originated directly with the borrowers with assistance from life insurance carriers, independent insurance agents, financial advisors and legal counsel. The cash surrender value of the life insurance policy is the primary form of collateral. In addition, these loans often are secured with a letter of credit, marketable securities or certificates of deposit. In some cases, Wintrust Life Finance may make a loan that has a partially unsecured position. 
 
 The life insurance premium finance business is subject to banking regulations but is not subject to additional regulatory regimes (e.g. additional state regulation). Wintrust Life Finance s compliance department regularly monitors the regulatory environment and compliance with existing regulations. Wintrust Life Finance maintains a policy prohibiting the known financing of stranger-originated life insurance and has established procedures to identify and prevent financing such policies. While a carrier could potentially put at risk the cash surrender value of a policy, which serves as Wintrust Life Finance s primary collateral, by challenging the validity of the insurance contract for lack of an insurable interest, Wintrust Life Finance believes it has strong counterclaims against any such claims by carriers, in addition to recourse to borrowers and guarantors as well as to additional collateral in certain cases. 
 
 Premium finance loans made by FIRST Insurance Funding, Wintrust Life Finance and FIFC Canada are primarily secured by the insurance policies financed by the loans. These insurance policies are written by a large number of insurance companies geographically dispersed throughout the United States and Canada. Our premium finance receivables balances finance insurance policies that are spread among a large number of insurers, however, the top three insurers represent approximately 13 , 7 and 6 of such balances. FIRST Insurance Funding, Wintrust Life Finance and FIFC Canada consistently monitor carrier ratings and financial performance of our carriers. In the event carrier ratings fall below certain levels, most of Wintrust Life Finance s life insurance premium finance policies provide for an event of default and allow Wintrust Life Finance to have recourse to borrowers and guarantors as well as to additional collateral in certain cases. For the commercial premium finance business, the term of the loans is sufficiently short such that in the event of a decline in carrier ratings, FIRST Insurance Funding or FIFC Canada, as the case may be, can restrict or eliminate additional loans to finance premiums to such carriers. The majority of premium finance receivables are purchased by the banks in order to more fully utilize their lending capacity as these loans generally provide the banks with higher yields than alternative investments. 
 
 Through our wholly-owned subsidiary Wintrust Asset Finance, we provide equipment financing through structured loan and lease products to customers in a variety of industries throughout the United States. Wintrust Asset Finance provides financing of fixed assets consisting of property, plant and equipment, transportation (trucks, trailers, rail, marine, buses), construction, manufacturing equipment, technology, oil and gas, restaurant equipment, medical and healthcare. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s leasing portfolio, including direct financing leases, loans and equipment on operating leases, totaled 3.0 billion compared to 2.4 billion as of December 31, 2021. During 2022, Wintrust Asset Finance contributed approximately 82.1 million to our revenue, which does not reflect intersegment eliminations. 
 
 Through our wholly-owned subsidiary Tricom, we provide high-yielding, short-term accounts receivable financing and value-added, outsourced administrative services, such as data processing of payrolls, billing and cash management services to the temporary staffing industry. Tricom s clients, located throughout the United States, provide staffing services to businesses in diversified industries. During 2022, Tricom processed payrolls with associated client billings of approximately 835.8 million and contributed approximately 13.5 million to our revenue, net of interest expense, which does not reflect intersegment eliminations. 
 
 In 2022, our commercial premium finance operations, life insurance premium finance operations, leasing operations and accounts receivable finance operations accounted for 42 , 30 , 24 and 4 , respectively, of the total revenues of our 
 5 

specialty finance business. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 the specialty finance segment had net revenues of 344 million, 294 million and 263 million, respectively, and net income of 121 million, 109 million and 100 million, respectively. The specialty finance segment had total assets of 9.8 billion, 8.4 billion and 7.0 billion as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The specialty finance segment accounted for 17 of our consolidated net revenues, excluding intersegment eliminations, for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Wealth Management 
 
 Through our wealth management segment, we offer a full range of wealth management services through four separate subsidiaries (CTC, Wintrust Investments, Great Lakes Advisors and CDEC): trust and investment services, tax-deferred like-kind exchange services, asset management solutions, securities brokerage services and 401(k) and retirement plan services. 
 
 Wintrust Investments, our registered broker/dealer subsidiary which has been operating since 1931, provides a full range of private client and securities brokerage services to clients located primarily in the Midwest. Wintrust Investments is headquartered in downtown Chicago, operates an office in Appleton, Wisconsin, and has established branch locations in offices at a majority of our banks. Wintrust Investments also provides a full range of investment services to clients through a network of relationships with community-based financial institutions primarily located in Illinois. Wintrust Investments is regulated by the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA as a registered broker-dealer, as well as by the SEC as a registered investment adviser. 
 
 CTC, our trust subsidiary, offers trust and investment management services to clients through offices located in downtown Chicago and at various banking offices of our fifteen banks. CTC is subject to regulation, supervision and regular examination by the OCC. 
 
 Great Lakes Advisors, our registered investment adviser with locations in downtown Chicago and Tampa, Florida, as well as in various banking offices of our fifteen banks, provides money management services and advisory services to individuals, institutions, and municipal and tax-exempt organizations. Great Lakes Advisors also provides portfolio management and financial advisory services for a wide range of pension and profit-sharing plans as well as money management and advisory services to CTC. Great Lakes Advisors is regulated by the SEC as a registered investment adviser. 
 
 CDEC, our provider of tax-deferred like-kind exchange services, provides Qualified Intermediary services (as defined by U.S. Treasury regulations) for taxpayers seeking to structure tax-deferred like-kind exchanges under Internal Revenue Code IRC Section 1031. Under IRC Section 1031, a taxpayer may defer the gain on the sale of certain investment property if the taxpayer utilizes the services of a Qualified Intermediary. These transactions typically generate customer deposits during the period following the sale of the property until such proceeds are used to purchase a replacement property. These deposits may flow into our banks as a source of low-cost deposits. CDEC is the subsidiary of Elektra Holding Company, LLC Elektra ), which was acquired by the Company in December of 2018. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s wealth management subsidiaries had approximately 34.4 billion of assets under administration, which included 7.4 billion of assets owned by the Company and its subsidiary banks. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the wealth management segment had net revenues of 163 million, 161 million and 134 million, respectively, and net income of 39 million, 38 million and 29 million, respectively. The wealth management segment had total assets of 1.8 billion, 1.5 billion and 1.3 billion as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The wealth management segment accounted for 8 of our consolidated net revenues, excluding intersegment eliminations, for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Strategy and Competition 
 
 The Company has employed certain strategies since 2013 to achieve strong net income amid increased competition and an environment, that up until recent months, was characterized by low interest rates. In general, the Company has taken a steady and measured approach to grow strategically and manage expenses. Specifically, the Company has: 
 
 Leveraged its internal loan pipeline and external growth opportunities to grow earnings assets to increase net interest income; 
 Continued to diversify our loan portfolio by adding product and geographic diversification; 
 Continued efforts to better manage our interest costs by improving our funding mix; 
 Written call option contracts on certain securities as an economic hedge to mitigate overall interest rate risk and enhance the securities overall return by using fees generated from these options; 
 6 

Entered into mirror-image swap transactions to both satisfy customer preferences and maintain variable interest rate exposure; 
 Completed strategic acquisitions to expand our presence in existing and complimentary markets; 
 Focused on cost control and leveraging our current infrastructure to grow without a commensurate increase in operating expenses; and 
 Expanded the Wintrust Asset Finance direct leasing niche. 
 
 Our strategy and competitive position for each of our business segments is summarized in further detail, below. 
 
 Community Banking 
 
 We compete in the commercial banking industry through our banks in the communities they serve. The commercial banking industry is highly competitive and the banks face strong direct competition for deposits, loans and other financial related services. The banks compete with other commercial banks, thrifts, credit unions, stockbrokers, government-sponsored entities, mutual fund companies, insurance companies, factoring companies and other commercial entities offering financial services products, including non-bank financial companies and entities commonly known as financial technology companies. Some of these competitors are local, while others are statewide or nationwide. 
 
 As a 52.9 billion asset financial services company, we expect to benefit from greater access to financial and managerial resources than our smaller local competitors while maintaining our commitment to local decision-making and to our community banking philosophy. In particular, we are able to provide a wider product selection and larger credit facilities than many of our smaller competitors, and we believe our service offerings help us in recruiting talented staff. We continue to add lenders throughout the community banking organization, many of whom have joined us because of our ability to offer a range of products and level of services which compete effectively with both larger and smaller market participants. We have continued to expand our product delivery systems, including a wide variety of electronic banking options for our retail and commercial customers which allow us to provide a level of service typically associated with much larger banking institutions. Additionally, we have access to public capital markets whereas many of our local competitors are privately held and may have limited capital-raising capabilities. 
 
 Management views service as a great equalizer to offset some of the inherent advantages of its significantly larger competitors. We also believe we are positioned to compete effectively with other larger and more diversified banks, bank holding companies and other financial services companies due to the multi-chartered approach that pushes accountability for building a franchise and a high level of customer service down to each of our banking franchises. Additionally, we believe that we provide a relatively complete portfolio of products that is responsive to the majority of our customers needs through the retail and commercial operations supplied by our banks, and through our mortgage and wealth management operations. The breadth of our product mix allows us to compete effectively with our larger competitors, while our multi-chartered approach with local and accountable management provides for what we believe is superior customer service relative to our larger and more centralized competitors. We continue to grow and enhance our digital service offerings while maintaining our expectations of high quality, more traditional banking services. 
 
 Wintrust Mortgage competes with large mortgage brokers as well as other banking organizations. Consolidation, margin compression, enhanced regulatory guidance and the promise of equal oversight for both banks and independent mortgage lenders have created challenges for small and medium-sized independent mortgage lenders. Wintrust Mortgage s size, bank affiliation, regulatory competency, branding, technology, business development tools and reputation make us well positioned to compete in this environment. Our continued ability to retain the majority of servicing on loans sold, including those loans sold to the Company's banks, allows Wintrust Mortgage to continue to grow a more stable revenue stream. While earnings will fluctuate with the rise and fall of long-term interest rates, we expect that mortgage banking revenue will be a continuous source of revenue for us and our mortgage lending relationships will continue to provide franchise value to our other financial service businesses. 
 
 We continue to review our branch footprint and in 2022, the Company opened four new branch locations in the Chicago metropolitan area. In 2022, the Company closed three branches which were predominantly smaller locations in close proximity to other Wintrust locations. As such, there was no material attrition or customer disruption. Collectively, the net addition of one location during the year ended December 31, 2022, represented approximately 1 of the Wintrust retail banking locations as of December 31, 2022. It is important to note that while we see increased use of electronic services and are investing heavily in digital capabilities to allow clients to choose how they want to be served, Wintrust will continue to selectively open branches in areas where we are not represented. 
 
 7 

Specialty Finance 
 
 FIRST Insurance Funding and Wintrust Life Finance encounter intense competition from numerous other firms, including a number of national commercial premium finance companies, companies affiliated with insurance carriers, independent insurance brokers who offer premium finance services and other lending institutions. Some of our competitors are larger and have greater financial and other resources. FIRST Insurance Funding and Wintrust Life Finance compete with these entities by emphasizing a high level of knowledge of the insurance industry, flexibility in structuring financing transactions, and the timely funding of qualifying contracts. We believe that our commitment to service also distinguishes us from our competitors. FIFC Canada competes with one national commercial premium finance company and a few regional providers. 
 
 Wintrust Asset Finance competes with other bank-affiliated, independent, captive and vendor equipment leasing and finance companies. Wintrust Asset Finance believes a customer-focused origination philosophy, an experienced team, strong underwriting discipline and expert asset management enables them to compete effectively in a growing and dynamic market. 
 
 Tricom competes with numerous other firms, including a small number of similar niche finance companies and payroll processing firms, as well as various finance companies, banks and other lending institutions. Tricom s management believes that its commitment to service distinguishes it from competitors. 
 
 Wealth Management 
 
 Our wealth management companies (CTC, Wintrust Investments, Great Lakes Advisors and CDEC) compete with larger wealth management subsidiaries of other larger bank holding companies as well as with other trust companies, brokerage and other financial service companies, stockbrokers and financial advisors. We believe we can successfully compete for trust, tax services, asset management and brokerage business by offering personalized attention and customer service to small to midsize businesses and affluent individuals. We continue to recruit and hire experienced wealth management professionals from within the larger Chicago metropolitan area as well as Wisconsin, which is expected to help in attracting new customer relationships. 

Supervision and Regulation 
 
 Regulatory Environment 
 
 Our business is heavily regulated and supervised by both federal and state agencies. Both the scope of the laws and regulations and the intensity of the supervision to which our business is subject have increased in recent years, initially in response to the financial crisis, and more recently in light of other factors such as technological and market changes. Regulatory enforcement and fines have also increased across the banking and financial services sector. Many of these changes have occurred as a result of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act Dodd-Frank Act and its implementing regulations, most of which are now in place. We expect that our business will remain subject to extensive regulation and supervision. 
 
 The Company is a bank holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the BHC Act ), subject to regulation, supervision, and examination by the Federal Reserve. The Company is also subject to the disclosure and regulatory requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, both as administered by the SEC, as well as the rules of NASDAQ that apply to companies with securities listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. Each nationally-chartered bank is subject to regulation, supervision and regular examination by the OCC. The deposits of all of our subsidiary banks are insured by the Deposit Insurance Fund DIF and, as such, the FDIC has additional oversight authority over the banks. The supervision, regulation and examination of banks and bank holding companies by bank regulatory agencies are intended primarily for the protection of depositors, the DIF, and the banking system as a whole, rather than shareholders of banks and bank holding companies, and in some instances may be contrary to shareholders interests. 
 
 The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB has broad rulemaking authority over a wide range of federal consumer protection laws applicable to the business of our subsidiary banks and some other operating subsidiaries. Because each of our subsidiary banks has less than 10 billion in total consolidated assets, our subsidiary banks federal banking agency, not the CFPB, is responsible for examining and supervising the subsidiary banks compliance with federal consumer protection laws and regulations. Our non-bank subsidiaries are subject to regulation by their functional regulators, including applicable state finance and insurance agencies, the applicable exchanges, the SEC, FINRA, and the OCC, as well as by the Federal Reserve. 
 
 Federal and state laws, and the regulations of the bank regulatory agencies issued under them, affect the scope of business, the kinds and amounts of investments banks may make, reserve requirements, capital levels, the nature and amount of collateral for loans, the establishment of branches, the ability to merge, consolidate and acquire, dealings with insiders and affiliates and the 
 8 

payment of dividends. The regulatory agencies have broad discretion to impose restrictions and limitations on the operations of a regulated entity where the agencies determine, among other things, that such operations are unsafe or unsound, fail to comply with applicable law or are otherwise inconsistent with laws and regulations or with the supervisory policies of these agencies. 
 
 The following is a description of some of the laws and regulations that affect our business. By necessity, the descriptions below are summaries that do not purport to be complete, and that are qualified in their entirety by reference to those statutes and regulations discussed, and all regulatory interpretations thereof. Any changes in applicable laws, regulations, or the interpretations thereof could have a material adverse effect on our business or the business of our subsidiaries. 
 
 Bank Holding Company Regulation 
 
 The Company is a bank holding company that has elected to be treated as a financial holding company. The activities of bank holding companies generally are limited to the business of banking, managing or controlling banks, and certain other activities determined by the Federal Reserve to be closely related to banking. As a financial holding company, we may engage in an expanded range of activities, including activities that are considered to be financial in nature. Financial holding companies may also engage in activities incidental or complementary to financial activities, if the Federal Reserve determines that such activities pose no substantial risk to the safety or soundness of depository institutions or the financial system in general. Impermissible activities for financial holding companies and their subsidiaries include activities that are related to commerce, such as sales of nonfinancial products or manufacturing. As a result, subject to certain exceptions, the BHC Act generally prohibits us from acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of voting shares of any company engaged in activities that are not permissible for us to engage in. 
 
 Maintaining our financial holding company status requires that the Company and each of our subsidiary banks remain well-capitalized and well-managed as defined by regulation and that each of our subsidiary banks maintain at least a satisfactory rating under the Community Reinvestment Act CRA ). If we or our subsidiary banks fail to continue to meet these requirements, we could be subject to restrictions on new activities and acquisitions, and/or be required to cease and possibly divest operations that conduct existing activities that are not permissible for a bank holding company that is not a financial holding company. 
 
 The BHC Act generally requires us to obtain prior approval from the Federal Reserve before acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5 of the voting shares of an additional bank or bank holding company, or to merge or consolidate with another bank holding company. The Bank Merger Act generally requires our subsidiary banks to obtain prior regulatory approval to merge or consolidate with, or acquire substantially all of the assets of or assume deposits of, another bank. We must also be well-capitalized and well-managed, in order to acquire a bank located outside of our home state. 
 
 The Federal Deposit Insurance Act FDIA and Federal Reserve regulations and policy require us to serve as a source of financial and managerial strength for our subsidiary banks, and to commit resources to support the banks. This support may be required even if doing so may adversely affect our ability to meet other obligations. 
 
 Acquisitions of Ownership of the Company 
 
 Acquisitions of the Company s voting stock above certain thresholds may be subject to prior regulatory notice or approval under applicable federal banking laws. Investors are responsible for ensuring that they do not, directly or indirectly, acquire shares of our stock in excess of the amount that can be acquired without regulatory approval or notice under the BHC Act and the Change in Bank Control Act. 
 
 Volcker Rule 
 
 We are prohibited under the Volcker Rule from (1) engaging in short-term proprietary trading for our own account, and (2) having certain ownership interests in and relationships with hedge funds or private equity funds. The fundamental prohibitions of the Volcker Rule apply to banking entities of any size, including the Company and its bank subsidiaries. The Volcker Rule regulations contain exemptions for market-making, hedging, underwriting, trading in U.S. government and agency obligations and also permit certain ownership interests in certain types of funds to be retained. They also permit the offering and sponsoring of funds under certain conditions. The Volcker Rule regulations impose significant compliance and reporting obligations on banking entities. The Company has put in place the compliance programs required by the Volcker Rule and has either divested or received extensions for any holdings in illiquid funds. The Company will continue to monitor Volcker Rule-related developments and assess their impact on its operations as necessary. 
 
 9 

Capital Requirements of the Company and Subsidiary Banks 
 
 We and our subsidiary banks are required to maintain minimum risk-based and leverage capital ratios, as well as a capital conservation buffer Capital Conservation Buffer ), pursuant to regulations adopted by the Federal Reserve and the OCC to implement the Basel III capital framework U.S. Basel III Rule ). 
 Regulatory Capital and Risk-weighted Assets 
 
 Regulatory capital requirements apply to Common Equity Tier 1 capital, Tier 1 capital and total capital. 
 
 Common Equity Tier 1 capital consists primarily of common stock and related surplus (net of treasury stock), retained earnings, and certain minority interests, subject to certain regulatory adjustments. For us and our subsidiary banks, Common Equity Tier 1 capital does not include most elements of accumulated other comprehensive income AOCI because we exercised an opt-out election that was available to us with respect to certain changes in the capital treatment of AOCI. We made this election to avoid variations in the level of our capital depending on fluctuations in the fair value of our securities and derivatives portfolio. 
 Tier 1 capital is composed of Common Equity Tier 1 capital and Additional Tier 1 capital. Additional Tier 1 capital consists primarily of non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock and related surplus, certain minority interests and, subject to certain regulatory limits, certain grandfathered cumulative perpetual preferred stock and certain grandfathered trust preferred securities. 
 Total capital is composed of Tier 1 capital and Tier 2 capital. Tier 2 capital consists primarily of capital instruments and related surplus meeting specified requirements, and may include cumulative preferred stock and long-term perpetual preferred stock, mandatory convertible securities, intermediate preferred stock, certain trust preferred securities and subordinated debt. Also included in Tier 2 capital is the allowance for credit losses limited to a maximum of 1.25 of risk-weighted assets RWAs and, for institutions that have exercised the opt-out election regarding the treatment of AOCI up to 45 of net unrealized gains on available-for-sale equity securities with readily determinable fair market values. 
 
 Certain adjustments to and deductions from capital are required for purposes of calculating these regulatory capital measures, including with respect to goodwill, intangible assets, certain deferred tax assets, AOCI and investments in the capital instruments of unconsolidated financial institutions. In July 2019, the U.S. bank regulators finalized changes to certain aspects of the U.S. Basel III capital rules that simplified, for certain bank holding companies and banks, including us and our subsidiary banks, the framework for capital deductions for mortgage servicing assets, certain deferred tax assets and investments in the capital instruments of unconsolidated financial institutions, and the recognition of minority interests in regulatory capital. These amendments were effective as of April 1, 2020. 
 
 In December 2018, the U.S. federal banking agencies finalized rules that permit BHCs and banks to phase in, for regulatory capital purposes, the day-one impact of Accounting Standards Update ASU 2016-13 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326) CECL on retained earnings over a period of three years. In response to the Coronavirus Disease 2019 COVID-19 pandemic, in 2020, the OCC, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, and the FDIC published another final rule to delay the estimated impact on regulatory capital stemming from the implementation of CECL. The final rule maintains the three-year transition option in the previous rule and provides banks the option to delay for two years an estimate of CECL s effect on regulatory capital, relative to the incurred loss methodology s effect on regulatory capital, followed by a three-year transition period (five-year transition option). The Company has adopted the capital transition relief over the permissible five-year period. For further discussion of the CECL accounting standard, including the Company s implementation of such guidance, see Summary of Critical Accounting Estimates under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Capital Ratio Requirements 
 
 Under the U.S. Basel III Rule, we and our subsidiary banks are required to maintain the following minimum capital ratios: 
 
 Common Equity Tier 1 capital to RWAs ratio Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of 4.5 ; 
 Tier 1 capital to RWAs ratio Tier 1 Capital Ratio of 6.0 ; 
 Total capital to RWAs ratio Total Capital Ratio of 8.0 ; and 
 Tier 1 capital to quarterly average assets (net of goodwill, certain other intangible assets and certain other deductions) ratio Tier 1 Leverage Ratio of 4.0 . 
 
 10 

To be well-capitalized, our subsidiary banks must maintain the following capital ratios: 
 
 Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio of 6.5 or greater; 
 Tier 1 Capital Ratio of 8.0 or greater; 
 Total Capital Ratio of 10.0 or greater; and 
 Tier 1 Leverage Ratio of 5.0 or greater. 
 
 The Federal Reserve has not yet revised the well-capitalized standard for bank holding companies to reflect the higher capital requirements imposed under the U.S. Basel III Rule. For purposes of the Federal Reserve s Regulation Y, including determining whether a bank holding company meets the requirements to be a financial holding company, bank holding companies, such as the Company, must maintain a Tier 1 Capital Ratio of 6.0 or greater and a Total Capital Ratio of 10.0 or greater to be well-capitalized. If the Federal Reserve were to apply the same or a very similar well-capitalized standard to bank holding companies as that applicable to our subsidiary banks, the Company s capital ratios as of December 31, 2022 would exceed such revised well-capitalized standard. The Federal Reserve may require bank holding companies, including us, to maintain capital ratios substantially in excess of mandated minimum levels, depending upon general economic conditions and a bank holding company s particular condition, risk profile and growth plans. 
 
 Failure to be well-capitalized or to meet minimum capital requirements could result in certain mandatory and possible additional discretionary actions by regulators, including restrictions on our or our subsidiary banks ability to pay dividends or otherwise distribute capital or to receive regulatory approval of applications, or other restrictions on growth. Such actions, if undertaken, could have an adverse material effect on our operations or financial condition. 
 
 In addition to meeting the minimum capital requirements, under the U.S. Basel III Rule, we and our banking subsidiaries must also maintain the required Capital Conservation Buffer to avoid becoming subject to restrictions on capital distributions and certain discretionary bonus payments to management. The Capital Conservation Buffer is 2.5 and is calculated as a ratio of Common Equity Tier 1 capital to RWAs and it effectively increases the required minimum risk-based capital ratios. The Tier 1 Leverage Ratio is not impacted by the Capital Conservation Buffer, and a banking institution may be considered well-capitalized while remaining out of compliance with the Capital Conservation Buffer. 
 
 The table below summarizes the capital requirements that we and our subsidiary banks must satisfy to avoid limitations on capital distributions and certain discretionary bonus payments (i.e., the required minimum capital ratios plus the Capital Conservation Buffer): 
 Minimum Regulatory Capital Ratio Plus Capital Conservation Buffer Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio 7.00 Tier 1 Capital Ratio 8.50 Total Capital Ratio 10.50 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our Company s and our subsidiary banks regulatory capital ratios were above the well-capitalized standards and met the Capital Conservation Buffer. Based on current estimates, we believe that we and our subsidiary banks will continue to exceed all applicable well-capitalized regulatory capital requirements and the Capital Conservation Buffer. Please refer to the table below for a summary of our regulatory capital ratios as of December 31, 2022, calculated using the regulatory capital methodology applicable to us during 2022. 
 
 Company Regulatory Capital Ratios Minimum Regulatory Capital Ratio for the Company Minimum Ratio + Capital Conservation Buffer (1) 
 Well-Capitalized Minimum 
 for the Company (2) 
 The Company Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio 4.50 7.00 N/A 9.1 Tier 1 Capital Ratio 6.00 8.50 6.00 10.0 Total Capital Ratio 8.00 10.50 10.00 11.9 Tier 1 Leverage Ratio 4.00 N/A N/A 8.8 
 (1) Reflects the Capital Conservation Buffer of 2.50 . 
 (2) Reflects the well-capitalized standard applicable to the Company for purposes of the Federal Reserve s Regulation Y. The Federal Reserve has not yet revised the well-capitalized standard for BHCs to reflect the higher capital requirements 
 11 

imposed under the U.S. Basel III Rule or to add Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio and Tier 1 leverage ratio requirements to this standard. As a result, the Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio and Tier 1 leverage ratio are denoted as N/A in this column. If the Federal Reserve were to apply the same or a very similar well-capitalized standard to BHCs as the standard applicable to our subsidiary banks, the Company s capital ratios as of December 31, 2022 would exceed such revised well-capitalized standard. 
 
 In addition to the above, as a result of participation in mortgage programs with certain government-sponsored entities as well as other investors, the Company has specific net worth requirements for continued participation. As of December 31, 2022, the Company remained in compliance with such requirements. 

Payment of Dividends and Share Repurchases 
 
 We are a legal entity separate and distinct from our banking and non-banking subsidiaries. Since our consolidated net income consists largely of net income of our bank and non-bank subsidiaries, our ability to pay dividends and repurchase shares depends upon our receipt of dividends from our subsidiaries. There are various federal and state law limitations on the extent to which our banking subsidiaries can declare and pay dividends to us, including regulatory capital requirements, general regulatory oversight to prevent unsafe or unsound practices and federal and state banking law requirements concerning the payment of dividends out of net profits or surplus. Applicable banking laws also prohibit, without prior regulatory approval, insured depository institutions, such as our bank subsidiaries, from making dividend distributions if such distributions are not paid out of available earnings. In addition, our right, and the right of our shareholders and creditors, to participate in any distribution of the assets or earnings of our bank and non-bank subsidiaries is further subject to the prior claims of creditors of our subsidiaries. No assurances can be given that the banks will, in any circumstances, pay dividends to the Company. 
 
 We and our bank subsidiaries must maintain the applicable Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Conservation Buffer to avoid becoming subject to restrictions on capital distributions, including dividends. The Capital Conservation Buffer is currently at its fully phased-in level of 2.5 . For more information on the Capital Conservation Buffer, see Capital Ratio Requirements above. 
 
 Our ability to declare and pay dividends to our shareholders is similarly limited by federal banking law and Federal Reserve regulations and policy. Federal Reserve policy provides that a bank holding company should not pay dividends unless (1) the bank holding company s net income over the last four quarters (net of dividends paid) is sufficient to fully fund the dividends, (2) the prospective rate of earnings retention appears consistent with the capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition of the bank holding company and its subsidiaries and (3) the bank holding company will continue to meet minimum required capital adequacy ratios. The policy also provides that a bank holding company should inform the Federal Reserve reasonably in advance of declaring or paying a dividend that exceeds earnings for the period for which the dividend is being paid or that could result in a material adverse change to the bank holding company s capital structure. Bank holding companies also are required to consult with the Federal Reserve before materially increasing dividends. The Federal Reserve could prohibit or limit the payment of dividends by a bank holding company if it determines that payment of the dividend would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice. 
 
 FDICIA and Prompt Corrective Action 
 
 The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 FDICIA requires the federal bank regulatory agencies to take prompt corrective action regarding FDIC-insured depository institutions that do not meet certain capital adequacy standards. A depository institution s treatment for purposes of the prompt corrective action provisions depends upon its level of capitalization and certain other factors. An institution that fails to remain well-capitalized becomes subject to a series of restrictions that increase in severity as its capital condition weakens. Such restrictions may include a prohibition on capital distributions, restrictions on asset growth or restrictions on the ability to receive regulatory approval of applications. The FDICIA also provides for enhanced supervisory authority over undercapitalized institutions, including authority for the appointment of a conservator or receiver for the institution. In certain instances, a bank holding company may be required to guarantee the performance of an undercapitalized subsidiary bank s capital restoration plan. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, each of the Company s banks was categorized as well-capitalized and, in addition, met additional requirements under the Capital Conservation Buffer. 
 
 Enforcement Authority 
 
 The federal bank regulatory agencies have broad authority to issue orders to depository institutions and their holding companies prohibiting activities that constitute violations of law, rule, regulation, or administrative order, or that represent unsafe or unsound banking practices, as determined by the federal banking agencies. The federal banking agencies also are empowered to 
 12 

require affirmative actions to correct any violation or practice; issue administrative orders that can be judicially enforced; direct increases in capital; limit dividends and distributions; restrict growth; assess civil money penalties against institutions or individuals who violate any laws, regulations, orders, or written agreements with the agencies; order termination of certain activities of holding companies or their non-bank subsidiaries; remove officers and directors; order divestiture of ownership or control of a non-banking subsidiary by a holding company; or terminate deposit insurance and appoint a conservator or receiver. 
 
 Safety and Soundness 
 
 The federal bank regulatory agencies have adopted a set of guidelines prescribing safety and soundness standards relating to internal controls and information systems, informational security, internal audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate exposure, asset growth, and compensation, fees and benefits. The guidelines prohibit excessive compensation as an unsafe and unsound practice, and describe compensation as excessive when the amounts paid are unreasonable or disproportionate to the services performed by an executive officer, employee, director or principal shareholder. 
 
 Properly managing risks has been identified by regulators as critical to the conduct of safe and sound banking activities and has become even more important as new technologies, product innovation, and the size and speed of financial transactions have changed the nature of banking markets. The agencies have identified a spectrum of risks facing banking institutions including, but not limited to, credit, market, liquidity, operational, legal, and reputational risk. Some of the regulatory pronouncements have focused on operational risk, which arises from the potential that inadequate information systems, operational problems, breaches in internal controls, fraud, or unforeseen catastrophes will result in unexpected losses. New products and services, third-party risk management and cybersecurity are critical sources of operational risk that financial institutions are expected to address in the current environment. Our subsidiary banks are expected to have active board and senior management oversight; adequate policies, procedures, and limits; adequate risk measurement, monitoring, and management information systems; and comprehensive and effective internal controls. 
 
 Cross-Guarantee 
 
 Under the cross-guarantee provision of the FDIA, insured depository institutions such as our subsidiary banks may be liable to the FDIC for any losses incurred, or reasonably expected to be incurred, by the FDIC resulting from the default of, or FDIC assistance to, any other commonly controlled insured depository institution. An FDIC cross-guarantee claim against a depository institution is superior in right of payment to claims of the holding company and its affiliates against such depository institution. All of our subsidiary banks are commonly controlled within the meaning of the cross-guarantee provision. 
 
 Insurance of Deposit Accounts 
 
 The deposits of each of our subsidiary banks are insured by the Depositors Insurance Fund DIF up to the standard maximum deposit insurance amount of 250,000 per depositor. Each of our subsidiary banks is subject to deposit insurance assessments based on the risk it poses to the DIF, as determined by the capital category and supervisory category to which it is assigned. The FDIC has authority to raise or lower assessment rates on insured deposits in order to achieve statutorily required reserve ratios in the DIF and to impose special additional assessments. There is a risk that our subsidiary banks deposit insurance premiums will increase if failures of insured depository institutions deplete the DIF or if the FDIC were to change its view of the risk that they pose to the DIF. 
 
 Extraordinary growth in insured deposits during the first and second quarters of 2020 caused the DIF reserve ratio to decline below the statutory minimum of 1.35 . On June 21, 2022, the FDIC Board of Directors adopted an Amended Restoration Plan and a notice of proposed rulemaking to increase the likelihood that the reserve ratio would be restored to at least 1.35 by September 30, 2028. The FDIC adopted a final rule, applicable to all insured depository institutions, to increase initial base deposit insurance assessment rate schedules uniformly by 2 basis points, beginning in the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. The FDIC also concurrently maintained the Designated Reserve Ratio DRR for the DIF at 2 for 2023. The increase in assessment rate schedules is intended to increase the likelihood that the reserve ratio of the DIF reaches the statutory minimum of 1.35 by the statutory deadline of September 30, 2028. The new assessment rate schedules will remain in effect unless and until the reserve ratio meets or exceed 2 in order to support growth in the DIF in progressing toward the FDIC s long term goal of 2 DRR. Progressively lower assessment rate schedules will take effect when the reserve ratio reaches 2 , and again when it reaches 2.5 . 

13 

Limits on Loans to One Borrower and Loans to Insiders 
 
 Federal banking laws impose limits on the amount of credit a bank can extend to any one person (or group of related persons). For national banks, this limit includes credit exposures arising from derivative transactions, repurchase agreements, and securities lending and borrowing transactions. 
 
 Applicable banking laws and regulations also place restrictions on loans by FDIC-insured banks and their affiliates to their directors, executive officers and principal shareholders. 
 
 Lending Standards and Guidance 
 
 The federal banking agencies have adopted uniform regulations prescribing standards for extensions of credit that are secured by liens or interests in real estate or made for the purpose of financing permanent improvements to real estate. Under these regulations, all insured depository institutions, such as our subsidiary banks, must adopt and maintain written policies establishing appropriate limits and standards for extensions of credit that are secured by liens or interests in real estate or are made for the purpose of financing permanent improvements to real estate. These policies must establish loan portfolio diversification standards, prudent underwriting standards (including loan-to-value limits) that are clear and measurable, loan administration procedures, and documentation, approval and reporting requirements. The real estate lending policies must reflect consideration of the federal bank regulators Interagency Guidelines for Real Estate Lending Policies. 

De Novo Branching and De Novo Banks 
 
 With the approval of applicable regulators, national banks and state banks may establish de novo branches in states other than their home state as if such state was the bank s home state. 
 
 For a three-year period, newly chartered banks are subject to enhanced supervisory procedures, including higher capital requirements, more frequent examinations and other requirements. 
 
 Anti-Tying Provisions 
 
 Each of our subsidiary banks is prohibited from conditioning the availability of any product or service, or varying the price for any product or service, on the requirement that the customer obtain some additional product or service from the bank or any of its affiliates, other than loans, deposits and trust services. 
 
 Transactions with Affiliates 
 
 Certain transactions between a bank and its holding company or other non-bank affiliates are subject to various restrictions imposed by state and federal law and regulation. Such covered transactions include loans and other extensions of credit by the bank to the affiliate, investments in securities issued by the affiliate, purchases of assets from the affiliate, certain derivative transactions that create a credit exposure to an affiliate, the acceptance of securities issued by the affiliate as collateral for a loan, and the issuance of a guarantee, acceptance or letter of credit on behalf of the affiliate. In general, these affiliate transaction rules limit the amount of covered transactions between an institution and a single affiliate, as well as the aggregate amount of covered transactions between an institution and all of its affiliates. In addition, covered transactions that are credit transactions must be secured by acceptable collateral, and all affiliate transactions, including those that do not qualify as covered transactions, must be on terms that are at least as favorable to the bank as then-prevailing in the market for comparable transactions with unaffiliated entities. Transactions between affiliated banks may be subject to certain exemptions under applicable federal law. 
 
 14 

Community Reinvestment Act 
 
 Under the CRA, insured depository institutions, including our subsidiary banks, have a continuing and affirmative obligation to help meet the credit needs of its entire community, including low and moderate-income neighborhoods. The CRA does not establish specific lending requirements or programs for insured depository institutions nor does it limit an insured depository institution s discretion to develop the types of products and services that it believes are best suited to its particular community, consistent with the CRA. However, insured depository institutions are rated on their performance in meeting the needs of their communities. The CRA requires each federal banking agency to take an insured depository institution s CRA record into account when evaluating certain applications by the insured depository institution or its holding company, including applications for charters, branches and other deposit facilities, relocations, mergers, consolidations, acquisitions of assets or assumptions of liabilities, and bank and savings association acquisitions. An unsatisfactory record of performance may be the basis for denying or conditioning approval of an application by an insured depository institution or its holding company. The CRA also requires that all institutions publicly disclose their CRA ratings. Each of our subsidiary banks received a satisfactory or better rating from the Federal Reserve or the OCC on its most recent CRA performance evaluation. 
 
 In June 2022, the Federal Reserve, FDIC, and OCC issued a joint proposal to amend their regulations implementing the CRA. The proposed rules would materially revise the current CRA framework, including new assessment area requirements, new methods of calculating credit for lending, investment and service activities, and additional data collection and reporting requirements. The proposed rules included analysis indicating a significant increase in the thresholds for large banks to receive Outstanding ratings in the future. 
 
 Compliance with Consumer Protection Laws 
 
 Our subsidiary banks and some other operating subsidiaries are subject to a variety of federal and state statutes and regulations designed to protect consumers. The CFPB has broad rulemaking authority over a wide range of federal consumer protection laws that apply to banks and other providers of financial products and services, including the authority to prohibit unfair, deceptive or abusive acts and practices, but examination and supervision is carried out by each subsidiary bank s primary federal banking agency and, where applicable, state banking agency, not the CFPB. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act authorizes state attorneys general and other state officials to enforce consumer protection rules issued by the CFPB. State authorities have recently increased their focus on and enforcement of consumer protection rules. 
 
 Interest and other charges collected or contracted for by banks are subject to state usury laws and federal laws concerning interest rates. 
 
 Loan operations are also subject to federal laws and regulations applicable to credit transactions, such as: 
 
 Issued by the CFPB: 
 the federal Truth-In-Lending Act and Regulation Z governing disclosures of credit terms to consumer borrowers; 
 The Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act and Regulation X requiring that borrowers for mortgage loans for one- to four-family residential real estate receive various disclosures, including good faith estimates of settlement costs, lender servicing and escrow account practices, and prohibiting certain practices that increase the cost of settlement services; 
 the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act and Regulation C requiring financial institutions to provide information to enable the public and public officials to determine whether a financial institution is fulfilling its obligation to help meet the housing needs of the community it serves; 
 the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and Regulation B prohibiting discrimination on the basis of various prohibited factors in extending credit; 
 the Fair Credit Reporting Act and Regulation V governing the use and provision of information to consumer reporting agencies; 
 the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act and Regulation F governing the manner in which consumer debts may be collected by collection agencies; 
 
 Issued by others: 
 the Service Members Civil Relief Act, applying to all debts incurred prior to commencement of active military service (including credit card and other open-end debt) and limiting the amount of interest, including service and renewal charges and any other fees or charges (other than bona fide insurance) that is related to the obligation or liability; and 
 the guidance of the various federal agencies charged with the responsibility of implementing such federal laws. 
 
 15 

Deposit operations are subject to, among others: 
 
 Issued by the CFPB: 
 the Truth in Savings Act and Regulation DD which require disclosure of deposit terms to consumers; 
 the Electronic Fund Transfer Act and Regulation E which governs automatic deposits to and withdrawals from deposit accounts and customers rights and liabilities arising from the use of automated teller machines and other electronic banking services; 
 
 Issued by others: 
 Regulation CC issued by the Federal Reserve Board, which relates to the availability of deposit funds to consumers; and 
 the Right to Financial Privacy Act, which imposes a duty to maintain the confidentiality of consumer financial records and prescribes procedures for complying with administrative subpoenas of financial records. 
 
 There are consumer protection standards that apply to functional areas of operation rather than applying only to loan or deposit products. Our subsidiary banks and some other operating subsidiaries are also subject to certain state laws and regulations designed to protect consumers. 
 
 The CFPB has promulgated, and continues to promulgate, many mortgage-related final rules since it was established under the Dodd-Frank Act, including rules related to the ability to repay and qualified mortgage standards, mortgage servicing standards, loan originator compensation standards, high-cost mortgage requirements, Home Mortgage Disclosure Act requirements and appraisal and escrow standards for higher priced mortgages. Most of the provisions of these mortgage-related final rules are currently effective. In addition, several proposed revisions to mortgage-related rules are pending finalization. The mortgage-related final rules issued by the CFPB have materially restructured the origination, servicing and securitization of residential mortgages in the United States. These rules have impacted, and will continue to impact, the business practices of mortgage lenders, including the Company. 
 
 In order to ensure compliance with all mortgage-related rules and regulations, the Company consolidated its consumer mortgage loan origination and loan servicing operations primarily within Wintrust Mortgage. All consumer mortgage applications are taken through Wintrust Mortgage, which has extensively trained loan originators located at many of our branches. While in certain limited cases our banks may offer specialized consumer mortgages to our customers, substantially all consumer mortgages for all of our banks are originated and closed by Wintrust Mortgage. Wintrust Mortgage then sells loans to third parties or to our banks. To the extent that we retain consumer mortgage loans in our bank portfolios, our banks have engaged Wintrust Mortgage to provide loan servicing. 
 
 In January 2021, the OCC released a final rule that would require certain OCC-supervised banks to provide access to services, capital, and credit based on their risk assessment of individual customers, rather than broad-based decisions affecting whole categories or classes of customers, which includes requiring banks to make each financial service they offer available to all persons in the geographic market served by them on proportionally equal terms. The rule was scheduled to take effect on April 1, 2021. However, the OCC announced that the next confirmed Comptroller of the Currency will review the final rule, and its future remains uncertain. 
 
 Changes to consumer protection regulations, including those promulgated by the CFPB, could affect our business but the likelihood, timing and scope of any such changes and the impact any such change may have on us cannot be determined with any certainty. See Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 Debit Interchange 
 
 We are subject to a statutory requirement that interchange fees for electronic debit transactions that are paid to or charged by payment card issuers, including our bank subsidiaries, be reasonable and proportional to the cost incurred by the issuer. Interchange fees for electronic debit transactions are limited to 21 cents plus 0.05 of the transaction, plus an additional one cent per transaction fraud adjustment, impose requirements regarding routing and exclusivity of electronic debit transactions. On October 3, 2022, the Federal Reserve finalized a rule that amends Regulation II to, among other things, specify that debit card issuers should enable all debit card transactions, including card-not-present transactions such as online payments, to be processed on at least two unaffiliated payment card networks. The final rule becomes effective July 1, 2023. As an issuer with over 10 billion in assets, we are subject to Regulation II and will work to implement these new requirements. 
 
 16 

Anti-Money Laundering Programs 
 
 The Bank Secrecy Act (the BSA and USA PATRIOT Act of 2001 (the USA PATRIOT Act contain anti-money laundering AML and financial transparency provisions intended to detect, and prevent the use of the U.S. financial system for, money laundering and terrorist financing activities. The BSA, as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act, requires financial institutions, including banks, to undertake activities including maintaining an AML program, verifying the identity of customers, monitoring for and reporting suspicious transactions, reporting on cash transactions exceeding specified thresholds, and responding to requests for information by regulatory authorities and law enforcement agencies. Each of our subsidiary banks is subject to the BSA and, therefore, is required to provide its employees with AML training, designate an AML compliance officer and undergo periodic, independent audits to assess the effectiveness of its AML program. We have implemented policies, procedures and internal controls that are designed to comply with these AML requirements. In May 2016, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network FinCEN ), which is a bureau of the Treasury Department that drafts regulations implementing the BSA, USA PATRIOT Act and other AML and BSA legislation, issued a final rule governing enhanced customer due diligence (the CDD rule ). The CDD rule imposed several new obligations on covered financial institutions with respect to their legal entity customers, including corporations, limited liability companies and other similar entities. For each such customer that opens an account (including an existing customer opening a new account), the covered financial institution must identify and verify the customer s beneficial owners, who are specifically defined in the CDD rule. The CDD rule contains an exemption for certain accounts used solely to finance insurance premiums. Bank regulators are focusing their examinations on AML compliance, and we will continue to monitor and augment, where necessary, our AML compliance programs. The federal banking agencies are required, when reviewing bank and bank holding company acquisition or merger applications, to take into account the effectiveness of the AML activities of the applicant. 
 
 The Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020, enacted on January 1, 2021 as part of the National Defense Authorization Act, does not directly impose new requirements on banks, but requires the U.S. Treasury Department to issue National Anti-Money Laundering and Countering the Financing of Terrorism Priorities, and conduct studies and issue regulations that may, over the next few years, significantly alter some of the due diligence, recordkeeping and reporting requirements that the BSA and USA PATRIOT Act impose on banks. The Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020 also contains provisions that promote increased information-sharing and use of technology, and increases penalties for violations of the BSA and includes whistleblower incentives, both of which could increase the prospect of regulatory enforcement. 
 
 Office of Foreign Assets Control Regulation 
 
 The U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control, or OFAC, is responsible for administering economic sanctions that affect transactions with designated foreign countries and territories, nationals and others, as defined by various Executive Orders and Acts of Congress. OFAC-administered sanctions take many different forms. For example, sanctions may include: (1) restrictions on trade with or investment in a sanctioned country or territory, including prohibitions against direct or indirect imports from and exports to a sanctioned country or territory and prohibitions on U.S. persons engaging in financial transactions relating to, making investments in, or providing investment-related advice or assistance to, a sanctioned country or territory; and (2) a blocking of assets in which the government or specially designated nationals of the sanctioned country or territory have an interest, by prohibiting transfers of property subject to U.S. jurisdiction (including property in the possession or control of U.S. persons). OFAC also publishes lists of persons and organizations that are subject to asset blocking sanctions, known as Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons. Blocked assets e.g. , property and bank deposits) cannot be paid out, withdrawn, set off or transferred in any manner without a license from OFAC. Failure to comply with these sanctions could have serious legal and reputational consequences. 
 
 Protection of Client Information 
 
 Data privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations concerning the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, protection and other processing of client information (including personal information) affect many aspects of the Company s business, and are continuing to evolve. Data privacy and cybersecurity are currently areas of considerable legislative and regulatory attention, with new or modified laws, regulations, rules and standards frequently being adopted and potentially subject to divergent interpretation or application in a manner that may create inconsistent or conflicting requirements for businesses. 
 
 We are, or may in the future become, subject to a variety of complex federal, state and local laws, regulations, rules and standards regarding data privacy and cybersecurity, including the privacy and information safeguarding provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act GLB Act ), the Fair Credit Reporting Act FCRA and the amendments adopted by the Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act of 2003, as well as various state laws and regulations. The GLB Act requires a financial institution to, among other things, disclose its privacy policy to certain customers and, in some circumstances, enables certain 
 17 

customers to opt-out of certain sharing of the customers nonpublic personal information with nonaffiliated third persons. The GLB Act also requires financial institutions to implement a comprehensive information security program that includes administrative, technical and physical safeguards to ensure the security and confidentiality of customer information. In accordance with these requirements, we and each of our banks and operating subsidiaries provide a written privacy notice to each affected customer when the customer relationship begins and, to the extent required, on an annual basis. As described in the privacy notice, we endeavor to protect the security of information (including personal information) about our customers, educate our employees about the importance of protecting customer privacy, and allow affected customers to opt-out of certain types of information sharing. We and our subsidiaries also require business partners with which we share information (including personal information) to have adequate security safeguards and to follow the requirements of the GLB Act. The GLB Act, as interpreted by the federal banking regulators, and state laws and regulations require us to take certain actions, including providing notice under certain circumstances to affected customers, in the event that sensitive or personal customer information is compromised. We and/or each of the banks and operating subsidiaries may need to amend our privacy policies and adapt our internal procedures in the event that these legal requirements, or the regulators interpretation of them, change, or if new requirements are added. Additionally, the federal banking regulators, as well as the SEC and related self-regulatory organizations, regularly issue guidance regarding cybersecurity that is intended to enhance cyber risk management among financial institutions. 
 
 Data privacy and cybersecurity also are areas of increasing state legislative focus. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (collectively, the CCPA applies to covered businesses that conduct business in California and meet certain revenue or personal information collection thresholds. The CCPA contains several exemptions, including that many, but not all, requirements of the CCPA are inapplicable to personal information that is collected, processed, sold or disclosed pursuant to the GLB Act. The CCPA imposes obligations on covered companies, broadly defines personal information, expands California residents rights with respect to personal information, and provides for civil penalties for violations. The CCPA may be interpreted or applied in a manner inconsistent with our understanding, resulting in further uncertainty and potentially requiring us to incur additional costs and expenses in an effort to comply with these requirements. Similar laws may be adopted by other states where we do business, or may in the future do business, with at least four such laws (in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut and Utah) having taken effect, or scheduled to take effect, in 2023. In addition, laws in all 50 U.S. states generally require businesses to provide notice under certain circumstances to consumers whose personal information has been disclosed as a result of a data breach. Moreover, the federal government has recently considered, and is currently considering, various proposals for more comprehensive data privacy and cybersecurity legislation, to which we may be subject if passed. 
 
 Like other lenders, the banks and several of our operating subsidiaries use credit bureau data in their underwriting activities. Use of such data is regulated under the FCRA, and the FCRA also regulates, among other things, reporting information to credit bureaus, prescreening individuals for credit offers, sharing of information (including personal information) between affiliates, and using affiliate data for marketing purposes. Similar state laws and regulations may impose additional requirements on us, the banks and our operating subsidiaries. 
 
 Further, in the spring of 2022, the Federal Reserve, OCC, and FDIC adopted a new regulation that, among other things, requires a banking organization to notify its primary federal regulators as soon as possible and within 36 hours after identifying a computer-security incident that the banking organization believes in good faith is reasonably likely to materially disrupt or degrade its business or operations in a manner that would, among other things, jeopardize the viability of its operations, result in customers being unable to access their deposit and other accounts, result in a material loss of revenue, profit or franchise value, or pose a threat to the financial stability of the United States. The rule also imposes requirements on bank service providers to notify their affected banking organization customers of certain computer-security incidents. 
 
 Violation of these laws, rules, regulations and standards may expose us to regulatory action and private litigation, including claims for damages and penalties. For more information regarding the risks associated with data privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations, see We are subject to complex and evolving laws, regulations, rules, standards and contractual obligations regarding data privacy and cybersecurity, which could increase the cost of doing business, compliance risks and potential liability and We face cybersecurity risks from cyber-attacks, information security breaches and other similar incidents that could result in the disclosure of confidential and other information (including personal information), all of which could adversely affect our business or reputation, and create significant legal and financial exposure under Risk Factors in Item 1A. 
 
 Broker-Dealer and Investment Adviser Regulation 
 
 Wintrust Investments and Great Lakes Advisors are subject to extensive regulation under federal and state securities laws. Wintrust Investments is registered as a broker-dealer with the SEC and in all 50 states, the District of Columbia and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Both Wintrust Investments and Great Lakes Advisors are registered as investment advisers with the SEC. In 
 18 

addition, Wintrust Investments is a member of several self-regulatory organizations SROs ), including FINRA. In addition to SEC rules and regulations, the SROs adopt rules, subject to approval of the SEC, that govern all aspects of business in the securities industry and conduct periodic examinations of member firms. Wintrust Investments is also subject to regulation by state securities commissions in states in which it conducts business. Wintrust Investments and Great Lakes Advisors are registered only with the SEC as investment advisers, but certain of their advisory personnel are subject to regulation by state securities regulatory agencies. 
 
 As a result of federal and state registrations and SRO memberships, Wintrust Investments is subject to overlapping schemes of regulation that cover all aspects of its securities businesses. Such regulations cover uses and safekeeping of clients funds; record-keeping and reporting requirements; supervisory and organizational procedures intended to assure compliance with securities laws and to prevent improper trading on material nonpublic information; personnel-related matters, including qualification and licensing of supervisory and sales personnel; limitations on extensions of credit in securities transactions; clearance and settlement procedures; suitability and best interest determinations as to certain customer transactions; limitations on the amounts and types of fees and commissions that may be charged to customers; and regulation of proprietary trading activities and affiliate transactions. Violations of the laws and regulations governing a broker-dealer s actions can result in censures, fines, the issuance of cease-and-desist orders, revocation of licenses or registrations, the suspension or expulsion from the securities industry of a broker-dealer or its officers or employees, or other similar actions by both federal and state securities administrators, as well as the SROs. 
 
 As a registered broker-dealer, Wintrust Investments is subject to the SEC s net capital rule as well as the net capital requirements of the SROs of which it is a member. Net capital rules, which specify minimum capital requirements, are designed to measure general financial integrity and liquidity and require that at least a minimum amount of net assets be kept in relatively liquid form. Rules of FINRA and other SROs also impose limitations and requirements on the transfer of member organizations assets. Compliance with net capital requirements may limit the Company s operations requiring the intensive use of capital. These requirements restrict the Company s ability to withdraw capital from Wintrust Investments, which in turn may limit the Company s ability to pay dividends, repay debt or redeem or purchase shares of the Company s own outstanding stock. Wintrust Investments is a member of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation SIPC ), which subject to certain limitations, serves to oversee the liquidation of a member brokerage firm, and to return missing cash, stock and other securities owed to the firm s brokerage customers, in the event a member broker-dealer fails. The general SIPC protection for customers securities accounts held by a member broker-dealer is up to 500,000 for each eligible customer, including a maximum of 250,000 for cash claims. SIPC does not protect brokerage customers against investment losses. I n addition to SIPC coverage, the clearing firm utilized by Wintrust Investments offers certain insurance coverage. In the event of the clearing firm s insolvency, clients whose cash and securities were not fully protected by SIPC may benefit from this additional insurance. The policy provides coverage to each client up to 1.9 million, subject to an aggregate cap of 1 billion for all policy beneficiaries. 
 
 Wintrust Investments and Great Lakes Advisors in their capacities as investment advisers are subject to regulations covering matters such as transactions between clients, transactions between the adviser and clients, custody of client assets and management of mutual funds and other client accounts. The principal purpose of regulation and discipline of investment firms is the protection of customers, clients and the securities markets rather than the protection of creditors and shareholders of investment firms. Sanctions that may be imposed for failure to comply with laws or regulations governing investment advisers include the suspension of individual employees, limitations on an adviser s engaging in various asset management activities for specified periods of time, the revocation of registrations, other censures and fines. 
 
 Incentive Compensation 
 
 The federal banking agencies have issued joint guidance on incentive compensation designed to ensure that the incentive compensation policies of banking organizations, such as us and our subsidiary banks, do not encourage imprudent risk taking and are consistent with the safety and soundness of the organization. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act requires the federal banking agencies and the SEC to issue regulations or guidelines requiring covered financial institutions, including us and our subsidiary banks, to prohibit incentive-based payment arrangements that encourage inappropriate risks by providing compensation that is excessive or that could lead to material financial loss to the institution. A proposed rule was issued in 2016. It is unclear when, if ever, the proposed rule will be finalized. 
 
 Also pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, in October 2022, the SEC adopted final rules that direct stock exchanges to require listed companies to implement clawback policies to recover incentive-based compensation from current or former executive officers in the event of certain financial restatements and require companies to disclose their clawback policies and certain actions under those policies. The NYSE and NASDAQ filed proposed listing standards on February 22, 2023, and these listing standards must then be effective no later November 28, 2023. A listed company must adopt a clawback policy no later than sixty days following the date on which the applicable listing standard becomes effective and must begin to comply with the final rules 
 19 

disclosure requirements in proxy and information statements and annual reports filed on or after the effective date of the applicable listing standard. 

Human Capital Resources 
 
 Since its formation, Wintrust has held the objective of aiming to differentiate itself by offering customers a highly-personalized banking experience, through staff that is warm, friendly, and responsive. Wintrust expects each of its employees to embody that original mission by serving as brand ambassadors each day, within each community served by our banks and other business units. 
 
 Workforce Overview 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Wintrust employed 5,275 full-time equivalent employees in the U.S. and Canada. 97 of Wintrust s employees are classified as full-time, working greater than 30 hours per week. None of our employees are represented by a collective bargaining agreement and we consider our employee relations to be good. 
 
 Talent Recruiting and Retention 
 
 At Wintrust we recognize that attracting, motivating and retaining talent at all levels is vital to continuing our success. In 2022, Wintrust filled 1,881 positions, including external hires, internal transfers/promotions, and temporary hires. In 2022, 53 of our new hires self-identified as female and 42 of our new hires self-identified as a racial or ethnic minority. Wintrust promotes an employee referral program, which we believe favorably affects colleague retention and engagement. Turnover for the entire Wintrust enterprise for the year was approximately 25 and voluntary departures accounted for approximately 83 of the total turnover. 
 
 Wintrust offers total rewards packages that are designed to attract, motivate and retain a talented and diverse group of employees. In addition to competitive, performance-based compensation plans, we provide employees with comprehensive benefits packages. Wintrust consistently monitors and adapts its total rewards program design to reflect both market changes and employee feedback. 
 
 Diversity Inclusion 
 
 Wintrust strives to promote an equitable, diverse and inclusive culture where each employee can be successful, and one that is reflective of the communities we serve. Women currently represent 57 of Wintrust s workforce. In addition, the racially and ethnically diverse representation in Wintrust s workforce is 32 . To further advance diversity and inclusion across Wintrust, we have taken the following steps: 
 
 Continued the shared responsibility in action theme by launching 12-month advocate-prot g partnerships which paired select high-potential prot g s with senior executive advocates. The prot g cohort includes over 67 women and 35 minority mid-level leaders. The program objective is to accelerate development of leadership opportunities for prot g s within one to three years after launching the partnership. 
 
 Launched a fifth Business Resource Group BRG called Women of Wintrust, whose mission is to create an environment of inclusivity where women are empowered and engaged in the workplace. The other BRGs are: Leadership Coalition, Multicultural Professionals Network, Career Navigation and Prism. Over 13 of Wintrust employees have registered as members of one or more BRG. 
 
 Continued the 360 Inclusivity Model, a multicultural marketing framework for addressing the unique needs of an increasingly diverse marketplace by taking inclusive approaches to eradicating financial disparities in the communities we serve, through enhanced products and services. 
 
 Required each of our business units to develop a Diversity Inclusion Business Unit Action Plan, documenting key goals and effective efforts towards advancing diversity, equity and inclusion internally and externally in a relevant and intentional way. The Business Unit Action Plan is updated annually and reviewed by senior leaders and the Board of Directors. 
 
 20 

Learning Development 
 
 We are committed to providing all team members with development opportunities through individual and career development planning. Our employees have access to approximately 450 Banking topics, 160 Professional Skills topics and 440 customized training courses and resources through Wintrust University our learning portal. In 2022, we maintained an online training catalog containing over 16,000 course offerings for our employees personal and professional development and, in 2022, invested more than 189,000 total hours in training by team members. 
 
 We routinely identify and recognize talented employees by performing comprehensive reviews of leadership capability, readiness, aspiration and succession planning. To support the development of our internal talent pipeline, we have invested in a number of programs to support the development of future leaders and additional training for senior leaders with strategic accountability. To support the development of future leaders, 152 newly minted leaders attended The Fundamentals of Wintrust Leadership program and 15 senior leaders participated in our year-long Winning at Wintrust training program focused on strategic accountability. 
 
 Annually, Wintrust team members at all levels certify their completion of regulatory training based upon their roles and responsibilities. They also are encouraged to complete a minimum of two professional development activities each year. 
 
 Finding New Ways to Work Together 
 
 As the COVID-19 pandemic continues to ease, Wintrust has successfully and safely brought most of our team back together on site . The benefits realized by being physically together allow for: 
 
 Strengthening our shared values and culture. 
 
 Enabling real-time coaching and support. 
 
 Creating opportunities for growth and professional development. 
 
 Motivating team members and welcoming new hires. 
 
 Recognizing that remote work had been successful, productive and beneficial for many colleagues, we adopted a model to create additional flexibility where roles, business requirements and customer needs are met. Wintrust s Future of Work model consists of: 
 
 Colleagues who work 100 onsite on a daily basis, based on role, business need, and customer/collaboration impact. This includes nearly all bank branch staff and lending teams, as well as team members in sales, critical bank operations, facilities, security, and other functions. 
 
 Colleagues permitted to work remotely up to 2 days a week, on a hybrid/flex schedule, in jobs that allow flexibility. 
 
 A limited number of colleagues allowed to work 100 remotely, as their roles permit. 
 
 We continue to be thoughtful in how we approach scheduling to ensure the safety of our colleagues and customers. 

Climate Impact 
 
 The Company s approach in considering its climate impact is currently focused on mitigating the environmental impact of operations, specifically at its various banking locations; assessing other climate-related risks within the Company s various businesses; and providing support to projects and investments that contribute to climate solutions. In 2022, some of the highlights of this approach included the following: 
 
 The Company continued to monitor the climate impact of it various banking locations, including its corporate campus that consists of three office buildings located in Rosemont, Illinois. In 2022, the energy used at the corporate campus totaled 9,331 MWh compared to 9,713 MWh in 2021. Additionally, green house gas carbon emissions (CO 2 e) totaled 4,194 tons in 2022 compared to 4,733 tons in 2021. 
 
 The Company pursued certain renewable energy solutions as well as efficient building standards and technologies, including the installation of new electric vehicle charging stations at the corporate campus. 
 
 21 

Great Lakes Advisors executes investing through its Climate Opportunities Net Zero Portfolio, a portfolio started in 2013. The portfolio includes investments in solutions for green buildings, renewable energy, sustainable agriculture, sustainable water, energy efficiency and pollution prevention. At December 31, 2022, this program managed 157 million in climate-focused portfolios. 

Available Information 
 
 The Company s Internet address is www.wintrust.com. The Company makes available at this address, under the Investor Relations tab, free of charge, its Annual Report on Form 10-K, its annual reports to shareholders, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. These filings are also available on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Risk Factors Summary 
 
 The summary of risks below provides an overview of the principal risks we are exposed to in the normal course of our business activities. This summary does not contain all of the information provided in the detailed discussion of risks that follows this summary and should be read together with such detailed discussion. 
 
 Risks Related to Economic Conditions and Operating Environment 
 Includes risks related to climate change and related environmental sustainability matters, deterioration in economic conditions and economic declines in the Chicago metropolitan and southern Wisconsin market areas, since our business is concentrated in these regions, and the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Risks Related to Competition and Reputation 
 Includes risks related to our ability to compete effectively, damage to our reputation, consumers deciding not to use banks to complete their financial transactions and the impact on us from the soundness of other financial institutions. 
 
 Risks Related to Growth and Acquisitions 
 Includes risks related to our ability to identify favorable acquisitions or successfully integrate our acquisitions, our participation in FDIC-assisted acquisitions, new lines of business and new products and services and de novo operations that often involve significant expenses and delayed returns. 
 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 Includes risks related to our ability to meet regulatory capital ratios, changes in the United States monetary policy, legislative and regulatory actions taken now or in the future regarding the financial services industry, changes in data privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations, financial reform legislation and increased regulatory rigor around consumer protection mortgage-related issues, federal, state and local consumer lending laws that may restrict our ability to originate certain mortgage loans or increase our risk of liability with respect to such loans, regulatory initiatives regarding bank capital requirements that may require heightened capital, any increase in our FDIC insurance premiums, any non-compliance with the USA PATRIOT Act, BSA or other laws and regulations, claims and legal actions, examinations and challenges by tax authorities, changes in federal and state tax laws and changes in the interpretation of existing laws, changes in accounting policies or accounting standards and changes in U.S. trade policies, including the imposition of tariffs and retaliatory tariffs. 
 
 Risks Related to Lending Operations 
 Includes risks related to our allowance for credit losses and sufficiency to absorb losses that may occur in our loan portfolio, litigation from the banks customers or other parties regarding the banks processing of loans for the SBA Paycheck Protection Program PPP and that the SBA may not fund some or all PPP loan guaranties, the repayment of commercial loans which are largely dependent upon the financial success and economic viability of the borrower, our loan portfolio being secured by real estate, in particular commercial real estate, events impacting collateral consisting of real property, any inaccurate assumptions in our analytical and forecasting models and environmental liability risk associated with lending activities. 
 
 22 

Risks Related to Our Niche Businesses 
 Includes risks related to our premium finance business, which may involve a higher risk of delinquency or collection than our other lending operations, widespread financial difficulties or credit downgrades among commercial and life insurance providers and exposure to certain risks associated with the securities industry. 
 
 Risks Related to Financial Strength and Liquidity 
 Includes risks related to changes in prevailing interest rates, our liquidity position, an actual or perceived reduction in our financial strength, our credit rating, capital not being available when it is needed or the cost of that capital being very high, disruption in the financial markets, being a bank holding company and therefore being limited in sources of funds, including to pay dividends, and future discontinuation of the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR and transition to alternate benchmark interest rates. 
 
 Risks Related to General Operations 
 Includes risks related to our controls and procedures, our operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of third parties, security risks (including cyber-attacks, information security breaches and other similar incidents and those associated with debit cards and debit card transactions), the failure of vendors, the accuracy and completeness of information we receive about our customers and counterparties to make credit decisions, our ability to attract and retain experienced and qualified personnel, losses incurred in connection with actual or projected repurchases and indemnification payments related to mortgages that we have sold into the secondary market and the occurrence of extraordinary events, such as acts of war, terrorist attacks, natural disasters and public health threats. 
 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 Anti-takeover provisions could negatively impact our shareholders. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 An investment in our securities is subject to risks inherent to our business. Certain material risks and uncertainties that management believes affect Wintrust are described below. Before making an investment decision, you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below together with all of the other information included or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other filings with the SEC. Additional risks and uncertainties that management is not aware of or that management currently deems immaterial may also impair Wintrust s business operations. This Annual Report on Form 10-K is qualified in its entirety by these risk factors. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. If this were to happen, the value of our securities could decline significantly, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 
 Risks Related to Economic Conditions and Operating Environment 
 
 Deterioration in economic conditions may materially adversely affect the financial services industry and our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our business activities and earnings are affected by general business conditions in the United States and abroad, including factors such as the level and volatility of short-term and long-term interest rates, inflation, home prices, unemployment and underemployment levels, bankruptcies, household income, consumer spending, fluctuations in both debt and equity capital markets, liquidity of the global financial markets, the availability and cost of capital and credit, investor sentiment and confidence in the financial markets, and the strength of the domestic economies in which we operate. The deterioration of any of these conditions can adversely affect our consumer and commercial businesses and securities portfolios, our level of charge-offs and provision for credit losses, our capital levels and liquidity, and our results of operations. 
 
 As a lending institution, our business is directly affected by the ability of our borrowers to repay their loans, as well as by the value of collateral, such as real estate, that secures many of our loans. Any economic deterioration from current levels or slowing of current economic activity could lead to an increase in loan charge-offs and negatively affect consumer confidence as well as the level of business activity. Net charge-offs totaled 20.3 million in 2022 from 21.5 million in 2021. Our balance of non-performing loans and other real estate owned OREO was 100.7 million and 9.9 million, respectively, at December 31, 2022 compared to 74.4 million and 4.3 million, respectively, at December 31, 2021. Deterioration in the economy and real estate markets, higher inflation, rising interest rates or increased unemployment rates, particularly in the markets in which we operate, will likely diminish the ability of our borrowers to repay loans that we have made to them, decrease the value of any collateral securing such loans and may cause increases in delinquencies, problem assets, charge-offs and provision for credit losses, all of which could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 23 

Further, the underwriting and credit monitoring policies and procedures that we have adopted may not prevent losses that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 A U.S. government debt default or rating downgrade could have a material adverse impact on our business and financial performance, including a decrease in the value of Treasury bonds and other government securities we hold, which could negatively impact the banks capital position and ability to meet regulatory requirements. Other negative impacts could include volatile capital markets, an adverse impact on the U.S. economy and the U.S. dollar, as well as increased default rates among borrowers in light of increased economic uncertainty. Some of these impacts might occur even in the absence of an actual default by or rating downgrade of the U.S. government but as a consequence of the uncertainty caused by extended political negotiations around the threat of such a default or rating downgrade and a U.S. government shutdown. 
 
 Since our business is concentrated in the Chicago metropolitan and southern Wisconsin market areas, economic declines in the economy of this region could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Except for our premium finance business and certain other niche businesses, our success depends primarily on the general economic conditions of the specific local markets in which we operate. Unlike larger national or other regional banks that are more geographically diversified, we provide banking and financial services to customers primarily in the Chicago metropolitan and southern Wisconsin market areas. The local economic conditions in these areas significantly impact the demand for our products and services as well as the ability of our customers to repay loans, the value of the collateral securing loans and the stability of our deposit funding sources. 
 
 In addition, the State of Illinois has experienced significant financial difficulty in recent years. To the extent that these issues impact the economic vitality of the state and the businesses operating in Illinois, businesses may be encouraged to leave the state or new employers may be discouraged to start or move businesses to Illinois, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Climate change manifesting as transition, physical or other risks could adversely affect our operations, businesses, customers, reputation and financial condition. 
 
 There is an increasing concern over the risks of climate change and related environmental sustainability matters. The physical risks of climate change include discrete events, such as flooding, hurricanes, tornadoes and wildfires, and longer-term shifts in climate patterns, such as extreme heat, sea level rise, and more frequent and prolonged drought. Such events could disrupt our operations or those of our customers or third parties on which we rely, including through direct damage to assets and indirect impacts from supply chain disruption and market volatility. Additionally, transitioning to a low-carbon economy will entail extensive policy, legal, technology and market initiatives. Transition risks, including changes in consumer preferences, additional regulatory requirements or taxes and additional counterparty or customer requirements, could increase our expenses, undermine our strategies and impact our financial condition. In addition, our reputation and client relationships may be damaged as a result of our practices related to climate change, including our involvement, or our clients involvement, in certain industries or projects associated with causing or exacerbating climate change, as well as any decisions we make to continue to conduct or change our activities in response to considerations relating to climate change. As climate risk is interconnected with all key risk types, we have begun to develop and continue to enhance processes, to embed climate risk considerations into our risk management strategies established for risks such as market, credit and operational risks; however, because the timing and severity of climate change may not be predictable, our risk management strategies may not be effective in mitigating climate risk exposure. 
 
 The effects of COVID-19 have adversely impacted our operations and financial performance and could have similar adverse impacts in future periods. 
 
 Although the U.S. and global economies have begun to recover from the COVID-19 pandemic, as many health and safety restrictions have been lifted and vaccine distribution has increased, certain adverse consequences of the pandemic, including labor shortages, disruptions of global supply chains and inflationary pressures, continue to impact the macroeconomic environment and could adversely affect our business. 
 The effects of the pandemic initially resulted in an increase in our allowance for loan losses. A resurgence of pandemic conditions could cause us to recognize heightened credit losses in our loan portfolio and additional increases in our allowance for loan losses, as well as additional draws on lines of credit, downward pressure on deposits, and increased loan delinquencies. In addition, a resurgence of pandemic conditions could also result in impairment to the value of collateral securing our loans, especially commercial and residential real estate loans, and a larger amount of delinquent mortgage loans. 
 
 Many of our employees continue to work remotely on at least a hybrid basis, which may create increased costs of operations or other operational difficulties, including increased cybersecurity risk. We may also experience additional operational risk due to difficulties experienced by our vendors. The effects of the pandemic and measures taken in response may subject us to increased risk of litigation and governmental and regulatory scrutiny. 
 
 24 

Risks Related to Competition and Reputation 
 
 The financial services industry is very competitive, and if we are not able to compete effectively, we may lose market share and our business could suffer. 
 
 We face competition in attracting and retaining deposits, making loans, and providing other financial services (including wealth management services) throughout our market area. Our competitors include national, regional and other community banks, and a wide range of other financial institutions such as credit unions, government-sponsored enterprises, mutual fund companies, insurance companies, factoring companies and other non-bank financial companies such as marketplace lenders and other financial technology companies. Many of these competitors have substantially greater resources and market presence or more advanced technology than Wintrust and, as a result of their size, may be able to offer a broader range of products and services, better pricing for those products and services, or newer technologies to deliver those products and services than we can. Several of our local competitors have experienced improvements in their financial condition over the past few years and are better positioned to compete for loans, acquisitions and personnel. The financial services industry could become even more competitive as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological changes and continued consolidation. For example, the Economic Growth Act and its implementing regulations significantly reduce the regulatory burden of certain large BHCs and raise the asset thresholds at which more onerous requirements apply, which could cause certain large BHCs to become more competitive or to more aggressively pursue expansion. Also, technology has lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for non-banks to offer products and services traditionally provided by banks, such as mobile payment and other automatic transfer and payment systems, and for banks that do not have a physical presence in our markets to compete for deposits. The absence of regulatory requirements may give non-bank financial companies a competitive advantage over Wintrust. 
 
 Our ability to compete successfully depends on a number of factors, including, among other things: 
 
 the ability to develop, maintain and build upon long-term customer relationships based on top quality service and high ethical standards; 
 the scope, relevance and pricing of products and services offered to meet customer needs and demands; 
 the ability to expand our market position; 
 the ability to uphold our reputation in the marketplace; 
 the rate at which we introduce new products and services relative to our competitors; 
 customer satisfaction with our level of service; and 
 industry and general economic trends. 
 
 If we are unable to compete effectively, our market share and income from deposits, loans and other products may be reduced. This could adversely affect our profitability and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Damage to our reputation may harm our business. 
 
 Maintaining trust in the Company is critical to our ability to attract and maintain customers, investors and employees. If our reputation is damaged, our business could be significantly harmed. Harm to our reputation could arise from numerous sources, including, among others, employee misconduct, security breaches, compliance failures, litigation or regulatory outcomes or governmental investigations. Our reputation could also be harmed by the failure or perceived failure of an affiliate or a vendor or other third party with which we do business, to comply with laws or regulations. In addition, our reputation or prospects could be significantly damaged by adverse publicity or negative information regarding the Company, whether or not true, that may be posted on social media, non-mainstream news services or other parts of the internet, and this risk can be magnified by the speed and pervasiveness with which information is disseminated through those channels. 
 
 Actions by the financial services industry generally or by certain members of or individuals in the industry can also affect our reputation. For example, the role played by financial services firms during and after the financial crisis, including concerns that consumers have been treated unfairly by financial institutions or that a financial institution had acted inappropriately with respect to the methods employed in offering products to customers, have damaged the reputation of the industry as a whole. 
 
 In addition, increased focus on environmental, social and governance ESG issues, including without limitation the impact of climate change, could damage our reputation or prospects if customers, prospective customers, investors or third parties assigning ESG ratings to the Company are of the opinion that the Company s practices, including without limitation our lending practices, are not sufficiently robust from an ESG perspective. 
 25 

Should any of these or other events or factors that can undermine our reputation occur, there is no assurance that the additional costs and expenses that we may need to incur to address the issues giving rise to the damage to our reputation would not adversely affect our earnings and results of operations, or that damage to our reputation will not impair our ability to retain our existing customers and employees or attract new customers and employees. Harm to our reputation or the reputation of our industry may also result in greater regulatory or legislative scrutiny, which may lead to changes in laws or regulations that could constrain our business or operations. Events that result in damage to our reputation may also increase our litigation risk. 
 
 Consumers may decide not to use banks to complete their financial transactions, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 Technology and other changes are allowing parties to complete financial transactions that historically have involved banks through alternative methods. For example, consumers can now maintain funds that would have historically been held as bank deposits in brokerage accounts or mutual funds. Consumers can also complete transactions such as paying bills and transferring funds directly without the assistance of banks. The process of eliminating banks as intermediaries could result in the loss of fee income, as well as the loss of customer deposits and the related income generated from those deposits. The loss of these revenue streams and the lower cost deposits as a source of funds could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may be adversely impacted by the soundness of other financial institutions. 
 
 Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty or other relationships. We have exposure to many different industries and counterparties and routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including the Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB ), commercial banks, brokers and dealers, investment banks and other institutional clients. Many of these transactions expose us to credit risk as well as market and liquidity risk in the event of a default by a counterparty or client. In addition, our credit risk may be exacerbated when collateral held by us cannot be realized or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount due to us. Any such losses could have material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Growth and Acquisitions 
 
 If we are unable to continue to identify favorable acquisitions or successfully integrate our acquisitions, our growth may be limited and our results of operations could suffer. 
 
 In the past, we have completed numerous acquisitions of banks, other financial service related companies and financial service related assets, including acquisitions of troubled financial institutions, as more fully described below. We expect to continue to make such acquisitions in the future. Wintrust seeks merger or acquisition partners that are culturally similar, have experienced management, possess either significant market presence or have potential for improved profitability through financial management, economies of scale or expanded services. Failure to successfully identify and complete acquisitions may result in Wintrust achieving slower growth. 
 
 The Economic Growth Act could result in increased competition for merger or acquisition partners, potentially resulting in higher acquisition prices or an inability to complete desired acquisitions. In addition, the standards by which bank and financial institution acquisitions will be evaluated are currently in flux and some banking organizations are experiencing delays in the processing of applications. In July 2021, President Biden issued an executive order on competition that requires the banking agencies to review the standards for bank mergers and the Department of Justice DOJ has announced that it is reviewing its bank merger guidelines. It is expected that these reviews will tighten the standards for bank mergers and may change how the financial stability factor is evaluated. In addition, some members of Congress have called for a moratorium of any bank merger and acquisition of greater than 100 billion in assets. While the Company is still much smaller in asset size than 100 billion, we cannot exclude the possibility that we may be subject to higher antitrust standards, enhanced scrutiny under the financial stability risk factor, or have a potential acquisition denied. 
 
 Acquiring other banks, businesses or branches involves various risks commonly associated with acquisitions, including, among other things: 
 
 (1) potential exposure to unknown or contingent liabilities or asset quality issues of the target company; 
 (2) failure to adequately estimate the level of loan losses at the target company; 
 (3) difficulty and expense of integrating the operations and personnel of the target company; 
 (4) potential disruption to our business, including diversion of our management's time and attention; 
 26 

(5) the possible loss of key employees and customers of the target company; 
 (6) difficulty in estimating the value of the target company; and 
 (7) potential changes in banking or tax laws or regulations that may affect the target company. 
 
 Acquisitions typically involve the payment of a premium over book and market values, and, therefore, some dilution of Wintrust s tangible book value and net income per common share may occur as a result of any future acquisitions. In addition, certain acquisitions may expose us to additional regulatory risks, including from foreign governments. Our ability to comply with any such regulations will impact the success of any such acquisitions. Furthermore, failure to realize the expected revenue increases, cost savings, increases in geographic or product presence, and/or other projected benefits from an acquisition could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 New lines of business and new products and services are essential to our ability to compete but may subject us to additional risks. 
 
 We continually implement new lines of business and offer new products and services within existing lines of business to offer our customers a competitive array of products and services. The financial services industry is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services, such as the rapid adoption of mobile payment platforms. The effective use of technology can increase efficiency and enable financial institutions to better serve customers and to reduce costs. However, some new technologies needed to compete effectively result in incremental operating costs. Our future success depends, in part, upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands, as well as to create additional efficiencies in operations. Many of our competitors, because of their larger size and available capital, have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements. We may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to our customers. Failure to successfully keep pace with technological change affecting the financial services industry could cause a loss of customers and have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 At the same time, there can be substantial risks and uncertainties associated with these efforts, particularly in instances where the markets for such services are still developing. In developing and marketing new lines of business and/or new products or services, we may invest significant time and resources. Initial timetables for the introduction and development of new lines of business and/or new products or services may not be achieved, and price and profitability targets may not prove feasible. External factors, such as compliance with regulations, competitive alternatives, and shifting market preferences, may also impact the successful implementation of a new line of business or a new product or service. Furthermore, any new line of business and/or new product or service could have a significant impact on the effectiveness of our system of internal controls. Failure to successfully manage these risks in the development and implementation of new lines of business or new products or services could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 De novo operations often involve significant expenses and delayed returns and may negatively impact Wintrust's profitability. 
 
 Our financial results have been and will continue to be impacted by our strategy of branch openings and de novo bank formations. We expect to increase the opening of additional branches and may, under certain circumstances, resume de novo bank formations. It may take longer than expected or more than the amount of time Wintrust has historically experienced for new banks and/or banking facilities to reach profitability, and there can be no guarantee that these branches or banks will ever be profitable. Moreover, the FDIC's enhanced supervisory period for de novo banks of three years, including higher capital requirements during this period, could also delay a new bank's ability to contribute to the Company's earnings and impact the Company's willingness to expand through de novo bank formation. To the extent we undertake additional de novo bank, branch and business formations, our level of reported net income, return on average equity and return on average assets will be impacted by startup costs associated with such operations, and it is likely to continue to experience the effects of higher expenses relative to operating income from the new operations. These expenses may be higher than we expected or than our experience has shown, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

27 

Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 
 If we fail to meet our regulatory capital ratios, we may be forced to raise capital or sell assets. 
 
 As a banking institution, we are subject to regulations that require us to maintain certain capital ratios, such as the ratio of our Tier 1 capital to our risk-based assets, and in recent years these regulatory and market expectations have increased substantially. If our regulatory capital ratios decline, as a result of decreases in the value of our loan portfolio or otherwise, we may be required to improve such ratios by either raising additional capital or by disposing of assets. If we choose to dispose of assets, we cannot be certain that we will be able to do so at prices that we believe to be appropriate, and our future operating results could be negatively affected. If we choose to raise additional capital, we may accomplish this by selling additional shares of common stock, or securities convertible into or exchangeable for common stock, which could significantly dilute the ownership percentage of holders of our common stock and cause the market price of our common stock to decline. Additionally, events or circumstances in the capital markets generally may increase our capital costs and impair our ability to raise capital at any given time. 
 
 Changes in the United States monetary policy may restrict our ability to conduct our business in a profitable manner. 
 
 Our ability to profitably operate is dependent, in part, upon federal fiscal policies that cannot be predicted. We are particularly affected by the monetary policies of the Federal Reserve, which influence money supply in the United States. Any change in the United States monetary policy, or worsening federal budgetary pressures, could affect our access to capital. Additionally, any trend toward inflation, economic decline, destabilizing of financial markets, or other factors beyond our control may significantly affect consumer demand for our products and consumers ability to repay loans, reducing our results of operations. The Federal Reserve raised interest rates significantly and began shrinking its assets during 2022 in response to persistently high inflation measures that were well above the Federal Reserve s two percent target. The Federal Reserve has signaled that it will likely further increase interest rates in the near term. Sustained higher interest rates and continued Federal Reserve asset reductions may adversely affect market stability, market liquidity, and our financial performance and condition. We cannot predict the nature or timing of future changes in monetary policies, or the precise effects that future changes in monetary policies may have on our activities and financial results. 
 
 Legislative and regulatory actions taken now or in the future regarding the financial services industry may significantly increase our costs or limit our ability to conduct our business in a profitable manner. 
 
 We are subject to extensive federal and state regulation and supervision. The cost of compliance with such laws and regulations can be substantial and adversely affect our ability to operate profitably. While we are unable to predict the scope or impact of any potential legislation or regulatory action until it becomes final, it is possible that changes in applicable laws, regulations or interpretations thereof could significantly increase our regulatory compliance costs, impede the efficiency of our internal business processes, negatively impact the recoverability of certain of our recorded assets, require us to increase our regulatory capital, interfere with our executive compensation plans, or limit our ability to pursue business opportunities in an efficient manner including our plan for de novo growth and growth through acquisitions. 
 
 Both the scope of the laws and regulations and the intensity of the supervision to which our business is subject have increased in recent years, in response to the financial crisis as well as other factors such as technological and market changes. 
 
 Regulatory enforcement and fines have also increased across the banking and financial services sector. Many of these changes have occurred as a result of the Dodd-Frank Act and its implementing regulations, most of which are now in place. We expect that our business will remain subject to extensive regulation and supervision. 
 
 In addition, we expect that the Biden Administration will continue to seek to implement a regulatory reform agenda that is significantly different than that of the Trump Administration. This reform agenda could include a heightened focus on the regulation of loan portfolios and credit concentrations to borrowers impacted by climate change, heightened scrutiny on BSA and AML requirements, topics related to social equity, executive compensation, and increased capital and liquidity, as well as limits on share buybacks and dividends. In addition, mergers and acquisitions could be dampened by increased antitrust scrutiny. We also expect reform proposals for the short-term wholesale markets. At this time, we are unable to assess which, if any of these policies, would be implemented and what their impact on the Company's business, financial condition or results of operations would be. 
 
 28 

We are subject to complex and evolving laws, regulations, rules, standards and contractual obligations regarding data privacy and cybersecurity, which could increase the cost of doing business, compliance risks and potential liability. 
 
 We are subject to complex and evolving laws, regulations, rules, standards and contractual obligations regarding data privacy and cybersecurity, including in relation to the personal information of customers, employees or others, and any failure to comply with these laws, regulations, rules, standards and contractual obligations could expose us to liability and/or reputational damage. As data privacy and cybersecurity risks for banking organizations and the broader financial system have significantly increased in recent years, data privacy and cybersecurity issues have become the subject of increasing legislative and regulatory focus. As new data privacy and cybersecurity-related laws, regulations, rules and standards are implemented, the time and resources needed for us to comply with such laws, regulations, rules and standards as well as our potential liability for non-compliance and reporting obligations in the case of cyber-attacks, information security breaches or other similar incidents, may significantly increase. Compliance with these laws, regulations, rules and standards may require us to change our policies, procedures and technology, which could, among other things, make us more vulnerable to operational failures and to monetary penalties for breach of such laws, regulations, rules and standards. 
 
 In addition to various data privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations already in place, U.S. states are increasingly adopting laws and regulations imposing comprehensive data privacy and cybersecurity obligations, which may be more stringent, broader in scope, or offer greater individual rights, with respect to personal information than federal or other state laws and regulations, and such laws and regulations may differ from each other, which may complicate compliance efforts and increase compliance costs. Certain aspects of federal and state laws and regulations relating to data privacy and cybersecurity, as well as their enforcement, remain unclear, and we may be required to modify our practices in an effort to comply with them. 
 
 Further, while we strive to publish and prominently display privacy policies that are accurate, comprehensive, and compliant with applicable laws, regulations, rules and industry standards, we cannot ensure that our privacy policies and other statements regarding our practices will be sufficient to protect us from claims, proceedings, liability or adverse publicity relating to data privacy or cybersecurity. Although we endeavor to comply with our privacy policies, we may at times fail to do so or be alleged to have failed to do so. The publication of our privacy policies and other documentation that provide promises and assurances about data privacy and cybersecurity can subject us to potential federal or state action if they are found to be deceptive, unfair, or misrepresentative of our actual practices. Additional risks could arise in connection with any failure or perceived failure by us, our service providers or other third parties with which we do business to provide adequate disclosure or transparency to our customers about the personal information collected from them and its use, to receive, document or honor the privacy preferences expressed by our customers, to protect personal information from unauthorized disclosure, or to maintain proper training on privacy practices for all employees or third parties who have access to personal information in our possession or control. 
 
 Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with our privacy policies, or applicable data privacy and cybersecurity laws, regulations, rules, standards or contractual obligations, or any compromise of security that results in unauthorized access to, or unauthorized loss, destruction, use, modification, acquisition, disclosure, release or transfer of personal information, may result in requirements to modify or cease certain operations or practices, the expenditure of substantial costs, time and other resources, proceedings or actions against us, legal liability, governmental investigations, enforcement actions, claims, fines, judgments, awards, penalties, sanctions and costly litigation (including class actions). Any of the foregoing could harm our reputation, distract our management and technical personnel, increase our costs of doing business, adversely affect the demand for our products and services, and ultimately result in the imposition of liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For more information regarding data privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations, see Protection of Client Information under Supervision and Regulation in Item 1. 
 
 Financial reform legislation and increased regulatory rigor around consumer protection and mortgage-related issues may reduce our ability to market our products to consumers and may limit our ability to profitably operate our mortgage business. 
 
 The CFPB has broad rulemaking authority over a wide range of federal consumer protection laws applicable to the business of our subsidiary banks and some other operating subsidiaries, including the authority to prohibit unfair, deceptive or abusive acts and practices, but examination and supervision of our subsidiary banks is carried out by the primary federal banking agency and, where applicable, state banking agencies. Consumer protection is an area of significantly heightened regulatory focus, and the CFPB has promulgated a number of specific regulatory requirements and regulatory guidance in this area. These actions have increased and may further increase the costs of doing business for all market participants, including our subsidiaries. 
 
 29 

In particular, the mortgage-related rules issued by the CFPB have materially restructured the origination, servicing and securitization of residential mortgages in the United States. These rules have impacted, and will continue to impact, the business practices of mortgage lenders, including the Company. For example, in order to ensure compliance with mortgage-related rules issued by the CFPB, the Company consolidated its consumer mortgage loan origination and loan servicing operations within Wintrust Mortgage. 
 
 The CFPB and federal and state banking agencies also closely examine the mortgage and mortgage servicing activities of depository financial institutions. Should these or other agencies have serious concerns with respect to our operations in this regard, the effect of such concerns could have a material adverse effect on our profits. 
 
 Federal, state and local consumer lending laws may restrict our ability to originate certain mortgage loans or increase our risk of liability with respect to such loans and could increase our cost of doing business. 
 
 Federal, state and local laws have been adopted that are intended to eliminate certain lending practices considered predatory. These laws prohibit practices such as steering borrowers away from more affordable products, selling unnecessary insurance to borrowers, repeatedly refinancing loans and making loans without a reasonable expectation that the borrowers will be able to repay the loans irrespective of the value of the underlying property. The CFPB has promulgated many mortgage-related rules since it was established under the Dodd-Frank Act, including rules relating to the ability to repay loans and relating to qualified mortgage standards. Most of these mortgage-related rules have been adopted, although portions of certain of these rules have not yet become effective. In addition, several proposed revisions to mortgage-related rules are pending finalization. We may find it necessary to tighten our mortgage loan underwriting standards in response to the CFPB rules, which may constrain our ability to make loans consistent with our business strategies. It is our policy not to make predatory loans and to determine borrowers' ability to repay, but the law and related rules create the potential for increased liability with respect to our lending and loan investment activities. They increase our cost of doing business and, ultimately, may prevent us from making certain loans and cause us to reduce the average percentage rate or the points and fees on loans that we do make. In addition, regulation related to redlining, fair lending, CRA compliance and BSA compliance create significant burdens which necessitate increased costs. Any failure to comply with any of these regulations could have a significant impact on our ability to operate, our ability to acquire or open new banks and/or result in meaningful fines. 
 
 Regulatory initiatives regarding bank capital requirements may require heightened capital. 
 
 The U.S. Basel III Rule, as well as other aspects of current or proposed regulatory or legislative changes to laws applicable to banking organizations, have increased our compliance costs, impacted the profitability of our business activities and may change certain of our business practices, including the ability to offer new products, obtain financing, attract deposits, make loans, and achieve satisfactory interest spreads, and could expose us to additional costs, including increased compliance costs. These changes also may require us to invest significant management attention and resources to make any necessary changes to operations in order to comply, and could therefore also materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our ability to engage in capital distributions, including paying dividends or repurchasing stock, may be restricted if we do not maintain the required Capital Conservation Buffer. In addition, we anticipate that our pro forma capital ratios will be an important factor considered by the Federal Reserve in evaluating whether proposed payments of dividends or stock repurchases are consistent with its prudential expectations. For more information regarding capital requirements, see Capital Requirements of the Company and Subsidiary Banks under Supervision and Regulation in Item 1. 
 
 Our FDIC insurance premiums may increase, which could negatively impact our results of operations. 
 
 Insured institution failures leading up to and following the financial crisis, as well as deterioration in banking and economic conditions, significantly increased FDIC loss provisions, resulting in a decline of its deposit insurance fund to historical lows at the peak of the crisis. In response, the Dodd-Frank Act and FDIC regulations changed the assessment base for federal deposit insurance from the amount of insured deposits to average total consolidated assets less average tangible capital, eliminated the maximum size of the DIF, eliminated the requirement that the FDIC pay dividends to depository institutions when the reserve ratio exceeds certain thresholds, and increased the minimum reserve ratio of the DIF from 1.15 to 1.35 . These developments also caused our FDIC insurance premiums to increase. There is a risk that the banks deposit insurance premiums will increase in the future if failures of insured depository institutions once again deplete the DIF. Any such increase may negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. For more information regarding the most recent increase to the banks deposit insurance premiums, see Insurance of Deposit Accounts under Supervision and Regulation in Item 1. 

30 

Non-compliance with the USA PATRIOT Act, BSA or other laws and regulations could result in fines or sanctions. 
 
 The USA PATRIOT Act and the BSA require financial institutions to develop programs to prevent financial institutions from being used for money laundering or the funding of terrorist activities. If such activities are detected, financial institutions are obligated to file suspicious activity reports with FinCEN. The BSA and its implementing regulations require covered financial institutions to establish procedures for identifying and verifying the identity of customers seeking to open new accounts. Failure to comply with the BSA and its implementing regulations could result in fines or sanctions. An increasing number of banking institutions have received large fines for non-compliance with the BSA and its implementing regulations. Although we have developed policies and procedures designed to assist in compliance with these laws and regulations, no assurance can be given that these policies and procedures will be effective in preventing violations of these laws and regulations. 
 
 We are subject to claims and legal actions that could negatively affect our results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 Periodically, as a result of our normal course of business, we are involved in claims and related litigation from our customers, employees or other parties. These claims and legal actions, whether meritorious or not, as well as reviews, investigations and proceedings by governmental and self-regulatory agencies could involve large monetary claims and significant legal expense. In addition, such actions may negatively impact our reputation in the marketplace and lessen customer demand. If such claims and legal actions are not decided in Wintrust's favor, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely impacted. 
 
 We are subject to examinations and challenges by tax authorities that may impact our financial results. 
 
 In the normal course of business, we, as well as our subsidiaries, are routinely subject to examinations from federal and state tax authorities regarding the amount of taxes due in connection with investments we have made and the businesses in which we have engaged. Recently, federal and state tax authorities have become increasingly aggressive in challenging tax positions taken by financial institutions. These tax positions may relate to among other things tax compliance, sales and use, franchise, gross receipts, payroll, property and income tax issues, including tax base, apportionment and tax credit planning. The challenges made by tax authorities may result in adjustments to the timing or amount of taxable income or deductions or the allocation of income among tax jurisdictions. If any such challenges are made and are not resolved in our favor, they could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Changes in federal and state tax laws and changes in interpretation of existing laws can impact our financial results. 
 
 The federal government enacted the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Act on December 22, 2017, and given the changing economic and political environment and ongoing budgetary pressures, the enactment of further new federal or state tax legislation may occur. The enactment of such legislation, or changes in the interpretation of existing law, including provisions impacting tax rates, apportionment, consolidation or combination, income, expenses, credits and exemptions may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Changes in accounting policies or accounting standards could materially adversely affect how we report our financial results and financial condition. 
 
 Our accounting policies are fundamental to understanding our financial results and financial condition. Some of these policies require use of estimates and assumptions that affect the value of our assets or liabilities and financial results. Some of our accounting policies are critical because they require management to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain and because it is likely that materially different amounts would be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. If such estimates or assumptions underlying our financial statements are incorrect, we may experience material losses. From time to time, the FASB and the SEC change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of our financial statements. These changes, such as the CECL standard adopted on January 1, 2020, can be hard to predict and could materially impact how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in the restatement of prior period financial statements. 

31 

Changes in U.S. trade policies, including the imposition of tariffs and retaliatory tariffs, may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 There continues to be discussion and dialogue in the U.S. government regarding potential changes to U.S. trade policies, legislation, treaties and tariffs, including trade policies and tariffs affecting other countries, including China, the European Union, Canada and Mexico and retaliatory tariffs by such countries. Tariffs and retaliatory tariffs have been imposed, and additional tariffs and retaliatory tariffs have been proposed. Such tariffs, retaliatory tariffs or other trade restrictions on products and materials that our customers import or export could cause the prices of our customers products to increase, which could reduce demand for such products, or reduce our customers margins, and adversely impact their revenues, financial results and ability to service debt. This in turn, could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, to the extent changes in the political environment have a negative impact on us or on the markets in which we operate our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely impacted. It remains unclear what the U.S. government or foreign governments will or will not do with respect to tariffs already imposed, additional tariffs that may be imposed, or international trade agreements and policies. It is also unclear what changes, if any, to U.S. trade policy will be made by the Biden Administration and Congress. 
 
 On October 1, 2018, the United States, Canada and Mexico agreed to a new trade deal, the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement USMCA to replace the North American Free Trade Agreement. On January 29, 2020, then-President Trump signed the USMCA into law. The full impact of the USMCA on us, our customers and on the economic conditions in the markets in which we operate is currently unknown. Changes to the terms upon which the United States, Mexico and Canada trade could negatively affect our customers or the U.S. economy or certain sectors thereof and, thus, adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Lending Operations 
 
 If our allowance for credit losses is not sufficient to absorb losses that may occur in our loan portfolio, our financial condition and liquidity could suffer. 
 
 We maintain an allowance for credit losses that is intended to absorb expected lifetime credit losses related to our loan portfolio, off-balance sheet credit exposures and held-to-maturity debt securities portfolio. At each balance sheet date, our management determines the amount of the allowance for credit losses based on our estimate of expected credit losses over the life of the related asset with consideration of historical credit losses, current economic conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. 
 
 Because our allowance for credit losses represents an estimate of lifetime losses, there is no certainty that it will be adequate over time to cover credit losses in the portfolios, particularly if there are changes in expectations of general economic or market conditions, or events that adversely affect specific customers. In 2022, we charged off 20.3 million in loans (net of recoveries) and increased our allowance for credit losses from 299.7 million at December 31, 2021 to 357.9 million at December 31, 2022. Our allowance for loan and unfunded lending-related commitment losses represented 0.91 and 0.86 of total loans outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Although we believe our allowance for credits losses is adequate to absorb estimated credit losses in our loan portfolio, if our estimates are inaccurate and our actual credit losses exceed the amount that is anticipated, or if the forecasts and assumptions used in calculating our reserves are significantly different from those we actually experience, our financial condition and liquidity could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 For more information regarding our allowance for loan losses, see Loan Portfolio and Asset Quality under Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7. 
 
 As a participating lender in the SBA Paycheck Protection Program PPP ), the Company and its banks are subject to additional risks of litigation from the banks customers or other parties regarding the banks processing of loans for the PPP and risks that the SBA may not fund some or all PPP loan guaranties. 
 
 From April 3, 2020 through the end of the program in the second quarter of 2021, we originated over 19,400 PPP loans with a carrying balance totaling approximately 4.8 billion. As of December 31, 2022, the carrying balance of such loans was reduced to approximately 28.9 million primarily resulting from forgiveness by the SBA. The PPP program expired on May 31, 2021. 
 
 32 

Any financial liability, litigation costs or reputational damage caused by PPP related litigation could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, participating banks also have credit risk with respect to PPP loans if a determination is made by the SBA that there is a deficiency in the manner in which the loan was originated, funded, or serviced by the banks, such as an issue with the eligibility of a borrower to receive a PPP loan, which may or may not be related to the ambiguity in the laws, rules and guidance regarding the operation of the PPP. In the event of a loss resulting from a default on a PPP loan and a determination by the SBA that there was a deficiency in the manner in which a PPP loan was originated, funded, or serviced by the Company, the SBA may deny its liability under the guaranty, reduce the amount of the guaranty, or, if it has already paid under the guaranty, seek recovery of any loss related to the deficiency from the Company. 
 
 A significant portion of our loan portfolio is comprised of commercial loans, the repayment of which is largely dependent upon the financial success and economic viability of the borrower. 
 
 The repayment of our commercial loans is dependent upon the financial success and viability of the borrower. If the economy weakens for a prolonged period or experiences deterioration or if the industry or market in which the borrower operates weakens, our borrowers may experience depressed or dramatic and sudden decreases in revenues that could hinder their ability to repay their loans. Excluding PPP loans that include a guarantee from the SBA, our commercial loan portfolio totaled 12.5 billion or 32 of our total loan portfolio, at December 31, 2022, compared to 11.3 billion, or 33 of our total loan portfolio, at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Commercial loans are secured by different types of collateral related to the underlying business, such as accounts receivable, inventory and equipment. Should a commercial loan require us to foreclose on the underlying collateral, the unique nature of the collateral may make it more difficult and costly to liquidate, thereby increasing the risk to us of not recovering the principal amount of the loan. Accordingly, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected by defaults in this portfolio. 
 
 A substantial portion of our loan portfolio is secured by real estate, in particular commercial real estate. Deterioration in the real estate markets could lead to additional losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately 34 and 34 , respectively, of our total loan portfolio was secured by real estate, the majority of which is commercial real estate. The commercial and residential real estate markets continue to experience a variety of difficulties, including the Chicago metropolitan area and southern Wisconsin, in which a majority of our real estate loans are concentrated. Increases in commercial and consumer delinquency levels or declines in real estate market values would require increased net charge-offs and increases in the allowance for loan and lease losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Events impacting collateral consisting of real property could lead to additional losses which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Many of the loans in our portfolio are secured by real estate located in the Chicago metropolitan area. Any declines in economic conditions, including inflation, recession, unemployment, changes in securities markets or other factors impacting these local markets could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Deterioration in the real estate markets where collateral for our mortgage loans is located could adversely affect the borrower's ability to repay the loan and the value of the collateral securing the loan, and in turn the value of our assets. In addition, any natural disasters or severe weather events have the potential to damage our real estate collateral. Climate change could have an impact on longer-term natural weather trends and increase the occurrence and severity of such adverse weather events. 
 
 Any inaccurate assumptions in our analytical and forecasting models could cause us to miscalculate our projected revenue, capital, liquidity or losses, which could adversely affect our financial condition. 
 
 We use analytical and forecasting models to estimate the effects of economic conditions on our loan portfolio and probable loan performance. Those models reflect certain assumptions about market forces, including interest rates and consumer behavior that may be incorrect. If our analytical and forecasting models underlying assumptions are incorrect, improperly applied, or otherwise inadequate, we may suffer deleterious effects such as higher than expected loan losses, lower than expected net interest income, lower than expected liquidity, lower than expected capital or unanticipated charge-offs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 33 

We are subject to environmental liability risk associated with lending activities. 
 
 A significant portion of the Company's loan portfolio is secured by real property. In the ordinary course of business, the Company may foreclose on and take title to properties securing certain loans. In doing so, there is a risk that hazardous or toxic substances could be found on these properties. If hazardous or toxic substances are found, the Company may be liable for remediation costs, as well as for personal injury and property damage. In addition, we own and operate a number of properties that may be subject to similar environmental liability risks. 
 
 Environmental laws may require the Company to incur substantial expenses and could materially reduce the affected property's value or limit the Company's ability to use or sell the affected property. The costs associated with investigation and remediation activities could be substantial. In addition, if we are the owner or former owner of a contaminated site, we may be subject to common law claims by third parties based on damages and costs resulting from environmental contamination emanating from the property. Although the Company has policies and procedures to perform an environmental review before initiating any foreclosure action on real property, these reviews may not be sufficient to detect all potential environmental hazards. The remediation costs and any other financial liabilities associated with an environmental hazard could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Niche Businesses 
 
 Our premium finance business may involve a higher risk of delinquency or collection than our other lending operations, and could expose us to losses. 
 
 We provide financing for the payment of property and casualty insurance premiums and life insurance premiums on a national basis through FIRST Insurance Funding and Wintrust Life Finance, respectively, and financing for the payment of property and casualty insurance premiums in Canada through our wholly-owned subsidiary, FIFC Canada. Property and casualty insurance premium finance loans involve a different, and possibly higher, risk of delinquency or collection than life insurance premium finance loans and the loan portfolios of our bank subsidiaries because these loans are issued primarily through relationships with a large number of unaffiliated insurance agents and because the borrowers are located nationwide. As a result, risk management and general supervisory oversight may be difficult. As of December 31, 2022, we had 5.8 billion of property and casualty insurance premium finance loans outstanding, of which 5.1 billion related to the Company's U.S. operations at FIRST Insurance Funding and 745.6 million related to the Company's Canadian operations at FIFC Canada. Together, these loans represented 15 of our total loan portfolio as of such date. 
 
 FIRST Insurance Funding and FIFC Canada have in the past been susceptible to, and may in the future be more susceptible to third party fraud with respect to property and casualty insurance premium finance loans because these loans are originated and many times funded through relationships with unaffiliated insurance agents and brokers. Acts of fraud are difficult to detect and deter, and we cannot assure investors that our risk management procedures and controls will prevent losses from fraudulent activity. 
 
 Wintrust Life Finance may be exposed to the risk of loss in our life insurance premium finance business because of fraud. While Wintrust Life Finance maintains a policy prohibiting the known financing of stranger-originated life insurance and has established procedures to identify and prevent the company from financing such policies, Wintrust Life Finance cannot be certain that it will never provide loans with respect to such a policy. In the event such policies were financed, a carrier could potentially put at risk the cash surrender value of a policy, which serves as Wintrust Life Finance's primary collateral, by challenging the validity of the insurance contract for lack of an insurable interest. 
 
 See the below risk factor Widespread financial difficulties or credit downgrades among commercial and life insurance providers could lessen the value of the collateral securing our premium finance loans and impair the financial condition and liquidity of FIRST Insurance Funding, Wintrust Life Finance and FIFC Canada for a discussion of further risks associated with our insurance premium finance activities. 
 
 While FIRST Insurance Funding and Wintrust Life Finance are licensed as required and carefully monitor compliance with regulation of each of their businesses, there can be no assurance that either will not be negatively impacted by material changes in the regulatory environment. FIFC Canada is not required to be licensed in most provinces of Canada, but there can be no assurance that future regulations which impact the business of FIFC Canada will not be enacted. 
 
 34 

Additionally, to the extent that affiliates of insurance carriers, banks, and other lending institutions add greater service and flexibility to their financing practices in the future, our competitive position and results of operations could be adversely affected. Wintrust Life Finance's life insurance premium finance business could be materially negatively impacted by changes in the federal or state estate tax provisions. There can be no assurance that FIRST Insurance Funding and Wintrust Life Finance will be able to continue to compete successfully in its markets. 
 
 Widespread financial difficulties or credit downgrades among commercial and life insurance providers could lessen the value of the collateral securing our premium finance loans and impair the financial condition and liquidity of FIRST Insurance Funding, Wintrust Life Finance and FIFC Canada. 
 
 FIRST Insurance Funding, Wintrust Life Finance and FIFC Canada's premium finance loans are primarily secured by the insurance policies financed by the loans. These insurance policies are written by a large number of geographically dispersed insurance companies. Our premium finance receivables balances finance insurance policies that are spread among a large number of insurers, however, the top three insurers represent approximately 13 , 7 and 6 of such balances. FIRST Insurance Funding, Wintrust Life Finance and FIFC Canada consistently monitor carrier ratings and financial performance of our carriers. While FIRST Insurance Funding, Wintrust Life Finance and FIFC Canada can mitigate risks as a result of this monitoring to the extent that commercial or life insurance providers experience widespread difficulties or credit downgrades, the value of our collateral will be reduced. FIRST Insurance Funding, Wintrust Life Finance and FIFC Canada are also subject to the possibility of insolvency of insurance carriers in the commercial and life insurance businesses that are in possession of our collateral. If one or more large nationwide insurers were to fail, the value of our portfolio could be significantly negatively impacted. A significant downgrade in the value of the collateral supporting our premium finance business could impair our ability to create liquidity for this business, which, in turn could negatively impact our ability to expand. 
 
 Our wealth management business in general, and Wintrust Investments brokerage operation, in particular, exposes us to certain risks associated with the securities industry. 
 
 Our wealth management business in general, and Wintrust Investments' brokerage operations in particular, present special risks not borne by community banks that focus exclusively on community banking. For example, the brokerage industry is subject to fluctuations in the stock market that may have a significant adverse impact on transaction fees, customer activity and investment portfolio gains and losses. Likewise, additional or modified regulations may adversely affect our wealth management operations. Each of our wealth management operations is dependent on a small number of professionals whose departure could result in the loss of a significant number of customer accounts. A significant decline in fees and commissions or trading losses suffered in the investment portfolio could adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, we are subject to claim arbitration risk arising from customers who claim their investments were not suitable or that their portfolios were inappropriately traded. These risks increase when the market, as a whole, declines. The risks associated with retail brokerage may not be supported by the income generated by our wealth management operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Financial Strength and Liquidity 
 
 Changes in prevailing interest rates could adversely affect our net interest income, which is our largest source of income. 
 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk in our core banking activities of lending and deposit taking, since changes in prevailing interest rates affect the value of our assets and liabilities. Such changes may adversely affect our net interest income, which is the difference between interest income and interest expense. Our net interest income is affected by the fact that assets and liabilities reprice at different times and by different amounts as interest rates change. Net interest income represents our largest component of net income, and was 1.5 billion and 1.1 billion for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Each of our businesses may be affected differently by a given change in interest rates. For example, we expect that the results of our mortgage banking business in selling loans into the secondary market could be negatively impacted during periods of rising interest rates, whereas falling interest rates could have a negative impact on the net interest spread earned on deposits as we would be unable to lower the rates on many interest bearing deposit accounts of our customers to the same extent as many of our higher yielding asset classes. 
 
 Additionally, increases in interest rates may adversely influence the growth rate of loans and deposits, the quality of our loan portfolio, loan and deposit pricing, the volume of loan originations in our mortgage banking business and the value that we can recognize on the sale of mortgage loans in the secondary market. 
 
 In response to inflationary forces in 2022, the Federal Reserve raised its target for the federal funds rate several times, beginning from a range of 0-0.25 and ending at a range of 4.25-4.5 at year end. Though we expect the Federal Reserve to 
 35 

slow the rate of increases, we cannot predict the nature or timing of future changes in monetary policies or the precise effects that they may have on our activities and financial results. For more discussion of this issue, see the above risk factor Changes in the United States monetary policy may restrict our ability to conduct our business in a profitable manner. 
 
 We seek to mitigate our interest rate risk through several strategies, which may not be successful. With the relatively low interest rates that prevailed in recent years, we were able to augment the total return of our investment securities portfolio by selling call options on fixed-income securities that we own. We recorded fee income of approximately 14.1 million, 3.7 million and 2.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We also mitigate our interest rate risk by entering into interest rate swaps and other interest rate derivative contracts from time to time with counterparties. To the extent that the market value of any derivative contract moves to a negative market value, we are subject to loss if the counterparty defaults. In the future, there can be no assurance that such mitigation strategies will be available or successful or that we will be successful in implementing any new mitigation strategies necessary to address the current rising interest rate environment. In addition, transactions entered into as part of mitigation strategies employed to mitigate risks associated with a prolonged low interest rate environment could be less beneficial or result in losses if interest rates continue to rise. 
 
 Our liquidity position may be negatively impacted if economic conditions do not improve or if they decline. 
 
 Liquidity is a measure of whether our cash flows and liquid assets are sufficient to satisfy current and future financial obligations, such as demand for loans, deposit withdrawals and operating costs. Our liquidity position is affected by a number of factors, including the amount of cash and other liquid assets on hand, payment of interest and dividends on debt and equity instruments that we have issued, capital we inject into our bank subsidiaries, proceeds we raise through the issuance of securities, our ability to draw upon our revolving credit facility and dividends received from our banking subsidiaries. Our future liquidity position may be adversely affected by multiple factors, including: 
 
 if our banking subsidiaries report net losses or their earnings are weak relative to our cash flow needs; 
 if it is necessary for us to make capital injections to our banking subsidiaries; 
 if changes in regulations require us to maintain a greater level of capital, as more fully described below; 
 if we are unable to access our revolving credit facility due to a failure to satisfy financial and other covenants; or 
 if we are unable to raise additional capital on terms that are satisfactory to us. 
 
 Weakness or worsening of the economy, real estate markets or unemployment levels may increase the likelihood that one or more of these events will occur. If our liquidity is adversely affected, it may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 An actual or perceived reduction in our financial strength may cause others to reduce or cease doing business with us, which could result in a decrease in our net interest income and fee revenues. 
 
 Our customers rely upon our financial strength and stability and evaluate the risks of doing business with us. If we experience diminished financial strength or stability, actual or perceived, including due to market or regulatory developments, announced or rumored business developments or results of operations, or a decline in stock price, customers may withdraw their deposits or otherwise seek services from other banking institutions and prospective customers may select other service providers. The risk that we may be perceived as less creditworthy relative to other market participants is increased in the current market environment, where the consolidation of financial institutions, including major global financial institutions, is resulting in a smaller number of much larger counterparties and competitors. As our community banks become more closely identified with the Wintrust name, the impact of any perceived weakness or creditworthiness at either the holding company or our community banks may be greater than in prior periods. If customers reduce their deposits with us or select other service providers for all or a portion of the services that we provide them, net interest income and fee revenues will decrease accordingly, and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 If our credit rating is lowered, our financing costs could increase. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have been rated by Fitch Ratings as "BBB+" and DBRS as "A (low)". A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization. 
 
 Our creditworthiness is not fixed and should be expected to change over time as a result of company performance and industry conditions. We cannot give any assurances that our credit ratings will remain at current levels, and it is possible that our ratings 
 36 

could be lowered or withdrawn by Fitch Ratings or DBRS. Any actual or threatened downgrade or withdrawal of our credit rating could affect our perception in the marketplace and our ability to raise capital, and could increase our debt financing costs. 
 
 If our growth requires us to raise additional capital, that capital may not be available when it is needed or the cost of that capital may be very high. 
 
 We are required by regulatory authorities to maintain adequate levels of capital to support our operations (see - Risks Related to Our Regulatory Environment - If we fail to meet our regulatory capital ratios, we may be forced to raise capital or sell assets and as we grow, internally and through acquisitions, the amount of capital required to support our operations grows as well. We may need to raise additional capital to support continued growth both internally and through acquisitions. Any capital we obtain may result in the dilution of the interests of existing holders of our common stock. 
 
 Our ability to raise additional capital, if needed, will depend on conditions in the capital markets at that time which are outside our control and on our financial condition and performance. If we cannot raise additional capital when needed, or on terms acceptable to us, our ability to further expand our operations through internal growth and acquisitions could be materially impaired and our financial condition and liquidity could be materially and negatively affected. 
 
 Disruption in the financial markets could result in lower fair values for our investment securities portfolio. 
 
 The Company's available-for-sale debt and trading securities as well as certain equity securities are carried at fair value. 
 
 Accounting standards require the Company to categorize these securities according to a fair value hierarchy. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 96 of the Company's available-for-sale debt securities and equity securities with a readily determinable fair value were categorized in level 1 or 2 of the fair value hierarchy (meaning that their fair values were determined by unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets, quoted prices for similar assets or other observable inputs). Significant prolonged reduced investor demand could manifest itself in lower fair values for these securities and may result in recognition of an other-than-temporary or permanent impairment of available-for-sale debt securities and unrealized losses of equity securities with a readily determinable fair value recognized in earnings, which could lead to accounting charges and have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The remaining securities in our available-for-sale debt securities and equity securities with a readily determinable fair value portfolios were categorized as level 3 (meaning that their fair values were determined by inputs that are unobservable in the market and therefore require a greater degree of management judgment). The determination of fair value for securities categorized in level 3 involves significant judgment due to the complexity of factors contributing to the valuation, many of which are not readily observable in the market. In addition, the nature of the business of the third party source that is valuing the securities at any given time could impact the valuation of the securities. Consequently, the ultimate sales price for any of these securities could vary significantly from the recorded fair value at December 31, 2022, especially if the security is sold during a period of illiquidity or market disruption or as part of a large block of securities under a forced transaction. 
 
 There can be no assurance that decline in market value of available-for-sale debt securities and equity securities with a readily determinable fair value associated with these disruptions will not result in credit or permanent impairments, and unrealized losses, respectively, of these assets, which would lead to accounting charges which could have a material negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We are a bank holding company, and our sources of funds, including to pay dividends, are limited. 
 
 We are a bank holding company and our operations are primarily conducted by and through our 15 operating banks, which are subject to significant federal and state regulation. Cash available to pay dividends to our shareholders, repurchase our shares or repay our indebtedness is derived primarily from dividends received from our banks and our ability to receive dividends from our subsidiaries is restricted. Various statutory provisions restrict the amount of dividends our banks can pay to us without regulatory approval. The banks may not pay cash dividends if that payment could reduce the amount of their capital below that necessary to meet the adequately capitalized level in accordance with regulatory capital requirements. It is also possible that, depending upon the financial condition of the banks and other factors, regulatory authorities could conclude that payment of dividends or other payments, including payments to us, is an unsafe or unsound practice and impose restrictions or prohibit such payments. Our inability to receive dividends from our banks could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 37 

Future discontinuance of LIBOR may adversely affect our business. 
 
 We have derivative contracts, borrowings, variable rate loans and other financial instruments with attributes that are either directly or indirectly dependent on U.S. dollar LIBOR USD LIBOR ). On March 5, 2021, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited, the LIBOR administrator, and the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates LIBOR, issued an announcement on the future cessation and loss of representativeness of certain LIBOR benchmarks. One-week and two-month USD LIBOR tenors ceased publication on December 31, 2021. The remaining USD LIBOR tenors, including 3-month USD LIBOR, will cease publication after June 30, 2023. These reforms may cause such rates to perform differently than in the past or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. While market participants may agree to select alternative rates, a group of market participants convened by the Federal Reserve, the Alternative Reference Rate Committee, selected the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR as its recommended alternative to USD LIBOR. SOFR is a broad measure of the cost of overnight borrowings collateralized by Treasury securities that was selected due to the depth and robustness of the U.S. Treasury repurchase market. 
 
 Under the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act AIRLA and Part 253 of Regulation ZZ (Rule 253), after June 30, 2023, certain LIBOR contracts, such as the Company s 6.50 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series D (the Series D Preferred Stock ), and eleven series of the Company s trust preferred securities (the Trust Preferred will, by operation of law, change their base rate from USD LIBOR to CME Term SOFR of the same tenor, plus an applicable tenor spread adjustment. CME Term SOFR is an indicative, forward-looking measurement of daily overnight SOFR. CME Term SOFR is published by CME Group Inc., as administrator of that rate. 
 
 The calculation agent for the Series D Preferred Stock may also make additional administrative conforming changes to the terms of the Series D Preferred Stock under AIRLA and Rule 253. The calculation agent for any series of the Trust Preferred may also make additional administrative conforming changes to the terms of that series of the Trust Preferred under AIRLA and Rule 253. 
 
 With respect to contracts other than the Series D Preferred Stock and the Trust Preferred, we anticipate various operational challenges for the transition away from USD LIBOR including, but not limited to, amending existing loan agreements with borrowers on loans that may have not been modified with fallback language and adding effective fallback language to new agreements, in each case in the event that AIRLA and Rule 253 do not apply to those agreements. In addition, the transition away from USD LIBOR could prompt inquiries or other actions from regulators in respect of the Company s preparation and readiness for the replacement of USD LIBOR with an alternative reference rate, as well as result in disputes, litigation or other actions with counterparties regarding the interpretation and enforceability of certain fallback language in USD LIBOR-based contracts and securities. Currently, the manner and impact of this transition and related developments, as well as the effect of these developments on our funding costs, loan, derivative and investment portfolios, asset-liability management and business, is uncertain. 
 
 We cannot predict what effect the change from USD LIBOR to CME Term SOFR will have on the value of the Series D Preferred Stock, the Trust Preferred, or the replacement of USD LIBOR more generally with respect to any of the other contracts described above. 
 
 Risks Related to General Operations 
 
 Our controls and procedures may fail or be circumvented. 
 
 Management regularly reviews and updates our internal controls over financial reporting, disclosure controls and procedures and corporate governance policies and procedures. Any system of controls, however well-designed and operated, is based in part on certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurances that the objectives of the system are met. Any circumvention of our controls and procedures or failure to comply with regulations related to controls and procedures could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our operational or security systems, networks or infrastructure, or those of third parties, could fail or be breached, which could disrupt our business and adversely impact our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition, as well as cause legal or reputational harm. 
 
 The potential for operational risk exposure exists throughout our business and, as a result of our interactions with, and reliance on, third parties, is not limited to our own internal operational functions. Our operational and security systems, networks and infrastructure, including our computer systems and networks, data management, and internal processes, as well as those of third parties, are integral to our performance. We rely on our employees and third parties in our day-to-day and ongoing operations, who may, as a result of human error, misconduct, malfeasance or failure, or breach of our or of third-party systems or infrastructure, expose us to risk. For example, our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by any significant disruptions to us or to third parties with whom we interact or upon whom we rely. In addition, our ability to implement backup 
 38 

systems and other safeguards with respect to third-party systems is more limited than with respect to our own systems. Moreover, technological or financial difficulties of one of our third-party vendors or their subcontractors could adversely affect our business to the extent those difficulties results in the interruption or discontinuation of services provided by an affected vendor. Our financial, accounting, data processing, backup or other operating or security systems, networks and infrastructure, or those of third parties, may fail to operate properly or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors, including events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, which could adversely affect our ability to process transactions or provide services. Such events may include sudden increases in customer transaction volume; electrical, telecommunications or other major physical infrastructure outages; natural disasters such as earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes and floods; disease pandemics; and events arising from local or larger scale political or social matters, including wars and terrorist acts. In addition, we may need to take our systems or networks offline if they become infected with malware or a computer virus or as a result of another form of cyber-attack, information security breach or other similar incident. In the event that backup systems are utilized, they may not process data as quickly as our primary systems and some data might not have been saved to backup systems, potentially resulting in a temporary or permanent loss of such data. Our business recovery plan may not be adequate and may not prevent significant interruptions of our operations or substantial losses. We frequently update our systems to support our operations and growth and to remain compliant with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. This updating entails significant costs and creates risks associated with implementing new systems and networks and integrating them with existing ones, including business interruptions. Implementation and testing of controls related to our computer systems and networks, security monitoring and retaining and training personnel required to operate our systems also entail significant costs. 
 
 We may not be insured against all types of losses as a result of disruptions to or failures of our operational and security systems, networks and infrastructure or those of third parties, and our insurance coverage may not be available on reasonable terms, or at all, or may be inadequate to cover all losses resulting from such disruptions or failures. Disruptions or failures in our business structure or in the structure of one or more of our third-party vendors could interrupt the operations or increase the cost of doing business. The occurrence of any disruptions or failures impacting our or our third-party vendors operational or security systems, networks or infrastructure could result in a loss of customer business and expose us to additional regulatory scrutiny, civil litigation, and possible financial liability, any of which could adversely impact our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition, as well as cause reputational harm. 
 
 We face risks from cyber-attacks, information security breaches and other similar incidents that could result in the disclosure of confidential and other information (including personal information), all of which could adversely affect our business or reputation, and create significant legal and financial exposure. 
 
 Our computer systems and network infrastructure and those of third parties, on which we are highly dependent, are subject to security risks and could be susceptible to cyber-attacks, information security breaches and other similar incidents. Our business relies on the secure processing, transmission, storage and retrieval of confidential, personal, proprietary and other information in our computer and data management systems and networks, and in the computer and data management systems and networks of third parties. In addition, to access our network, products and services, our customers and other third parties may use personal mobile devices or computing devices that are outside of our network environment and are subject to their own cybersecurity risks. 
 
 We, our customers, regulators and other third parties, including other financial services institutions and companies engaged in data processing, have been subject to, and are likely to continue to be the target of, cyber-attacks, information or security breaches, and other similar incidents. These may include, among other things, computer viruses, malicious or destructive code, phishing attacks, denial of service or information, ransomware, malfeasance or improper access by employees or vendors, attacks on personal email of employees, hacking, terrorist activities, identity theft, social engineering, credential stuffing, account takeovers, insider threats, human error, fraud, or other similar incidents that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, misappropriation, loss, disclosure or destruction of confidential, personal, proprietary and other information of ours, our employees, our customers or of third parties, damage to our systems and networks or other material disruption of our or our customers or other third parties network access or business operations. As cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities or incidents. Despite efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems and implement controls, processes, policies and other protective measures, we may not be able to anticipate all security breaches, nor may we be able to implement guaranteed preventive measures against such security breaches. Cyber threats are rapidly evolving and we may not be able to anticipate or prevent all such attacks and could be held liable for any security breach or loss. 
 
 Cybersecurity risks for banking organizations have significantly increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, and the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions. For 
 39 

example, cybersecurity risks may increase in the future as we continue to increase our mobile-payment and other internet-based product offerings and expand our internal usage of web-based products and applications. In addition, cybersecurity risks have significantly increased in recent years in part due to the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime affiliates, terrorist organizations, hostile foreign governments, nation states, nation state-supported actors, disgruntled employees or vendors, activists and other external parties, including those involved in corporate espionage. Even the most advanced internal control environment may be vulnerable to compromise. Targeted social engineering attacks and "spear phishing" attacks are becoming more sophisticated and are extremely difficult to prevent. In such an attack, an attacker will attempt to fraudulently induce colleagues, customers or other users of our systems and networks to disclose sensitive information (including confidential, personal, proprietary and other information) in order to gain access to its data or that of its clients. Persistent attackers may succeed in penetrating defenses given enough resources, time, and motive. The techniques used by cyber criminals change frequently and may not be recognized until launched or until well after a breach has occurred. The risk of a security breach caused by a cyber-attack, information security breach or other similar incident at a vendor or by unauthorized vendor access has also increased in recent years. Additionally, the existence of cyber-attacks, information security breaches or other similar incidents at third-party vendors with access to our data may not be disclosed to us in a timely manner. While we generally perform cybersecurity diligence on our key vendors, because we do not control our vendors and our ability to monitor their cybersecurity is limited, we cannot ensure the cybersecurity measures they take will be sufficient to protect any information we share them. Due to applicable laws and regulations or contractual obligations, we may be held responsible for cyber-attacks, information security breaches or other similar incidents attributed to our service providers as they relate to the information we share with them. 
 
 We also face indirect technology, cybersecurity and operational risks relating to the customers, clients and other third parties with whom we do business or upon whom we rely to facilitate or enable our business activities, including, for example, financial counterparties, regulators and providers of critical infrastructure such as internet access and electrical power. As a result of increasing consolidation, interdependence and complexity of financial entities and technology systems, a technology failure, cyber-attack, information security breach or other similar incident that significantly degrades, deletes or compromises the systems, networks or data of one or more financial entities could have a material impact on counterparties or other market participants, including us. This consolidation, interconnectivity and complexity increases the risk of operational failure, on both individual and industry-wide bases, as disparate systems need to be integrated, often on an accelerated basis. Any third-party technology failure, cyber-attack, information security breach, termination, constraint or other similar incident could, among other things, adversely affect our ability to effect transactions, service our clients, manage our exposure to risk or expand our business. 
 
 Moreover, debit card numbers are susceptible to theft at the point of sale via the physical terminal through which transactions are processed and by other means of hacking. The security and integrity of these transactions are dependent upon retailers vigilance and willingness to invest in technology and upgrades. Despite third-party security risks that are beyond our control, we offer our customers protection against fraud and attendant losses for unauthorized use of debit cards in order to stay competitive in the marketplace. Offering such protection to our customers exposes us to potential losses which, in the event of a data breach at one or more retailers of considerable magnitude, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Although we believe that we have appropriate information security procedures and controls designed to prevent or limit the effects of a cyber-attack, information security breach or other similar incident, our or our customers and/or third parties computers, systems or networks may be the target of cyber-attacks, information security breaches or other similar incidents that could result in the unauthorized release, accessing, gathering, monitoring, loss, destruction, modification, acquisition, transfer, use or other processing of our or our customers confidential, personal, proprietary and other information. Additionally, we may not be insured against all types of losses as a result of cyber-attacks, information security breaches and other similar incidents, and our insurer may deny coverage as to any future claim or insurance coverage may not be available on reasonable terms, or at all, or may be inadequate to cover all losses resulting from such incidents. 
 
 Cyber-attacks, information security breaches or similar incidents, whether directed at us or third parties, may result in a material loss or have material consequences. Furthermore, the public perception that a cyber-attack on our systems has been successful, whether or not this perception is correct, may damage our reputation with customers and third parties with whom we do business. Hacking or other unauthorized disclosure of personal information and identity theft risks, in particular, could cause serious reputational harm. A successful penetration or circumvention of system security could cause us serious negative consequences, including our loss of customers and business opportunities, significant disruption to our operations and business, misappropriation or destruction of our confidential, personal, proprietary or other information and/or that of our customers or other third parties, or damage to our or our customers and/or third parties computers, systems or networks, and could result in a violation of applicable data privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations and other laws and regulations, litigation exposure, 
 40 

regulatory fines, penalties or intervention, remediation costs, loss of confidence in our security measures, reputational damage, reimbursement or other compensatory costs, remediation costs, additional compliance costs, and could adversely impact our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. 
 
 Our vendors may be responsible for failures that adversely affect our operations. 
 
 We use and rely upon many external vendors to provide us with day-to-day products and services essential to our operations. We are thus exposed to risk that such vendors will not perform as contracted or at agreed-upon service levels. The failure of our vendors to perform as contracted or at necessary service levels for any reason could disrupt our operations, which could adversely affect our business. In addition, if any of our vendors experience insolvency or other business failure, such failure could affect our ability to obtain necessary products or services from a substitute vendor in a timely and cost-effective manner or prevent us from effectively pursuing certain business objectives entirely. Our failure to implement business objectives due to vendor nonperformance could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We depend on the accuracy and completeness of information we receive about our customers and counterparties to make credit decisions. 
 
 We rely on information furnished by or on behalf of customers and counterparties in deciding whether to extend credit or enter into other transactions. This information could include financial statements, credit reports, and other financial information. We also rely on representations of those customers, counterparties, or other third parties, such as independent auditors, as to the accuracy and completeness of that information. Reliance on inaccurate or misleading financial statements, credit reports, or other financial information could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 If we are unable to attract and retain experienced and qualified personnel, our ability to provide high quality service will be diminished, we may lose key customer relationships, and our results of operations may suffer. 
 
 We believe that our future success depends, in part, on our ability to attract and retain experienced personnel, including our senior management and other key personnel. Our business model is dependent upon our ability to provide high quality and personal service. In addition, as a holding company that conducts its operations through our subsidiaries, we are focused on providing entrepreneurial-based compensation to the chief executives of each our business units. As a Company with start-up and growth oriented operations, we are cognizant that to attract and retain the managerial talent necessary to operate and grow our businesses we often have to compensate our executives with a view to the business we expect them to manage, rather than the size of the business they currently manage. Accordingly, any executive compensation restrictions may negatively impact our ability to retain and attract senior management. The departure of a senior manager or other key personnel may damage relationships with certain customers, or certain customers may choose to follow such personnel to a competitor. The loss of any of our senior managers or other key personnel, or our inability to identify, recruit and retain such personnel, particularly during a period in which the labor market is characterized as tight and employee turnover has escalated in many industries, could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. If we fail to effectively manage the transition in the position of chief executive officer, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and reputation, as well as our ability to successfully attract, motivate and retain key employees, could be harmed. 
 
 Losses incurred in connection with actual or projected repurchases and indemnification payments related to mortgages that we have sold into the secondary market may exceed our financial statement reserves and we may be required to increase such reserves in the future. Increases to our reserves and losses incurred in connection with actual loan repurchases and indemnification payments could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 We engage in the origination and purchase of residential mortgages for sale into the secondary market. In connection with such sales, we make certain representations and warranties, which, if breached, may require us to repurchase such loans, substitute other loans or indemnify the purchasers of such loans for actual losses incurred in respect of such loans. We receive requests for loan repurchases and indemnification payments relating to the representations and warranties with respect to such loans. We have been able to reach settlements with a number of purchasers, and believe that we have established appropriate reserves with respect to indemnification requests. It is possible that the number of such requests will increase or that we will not be able to reach settlements with respect to such requests in the future. Accordingly, it is possible that losses incurred in connection with loan repurchases and indemnification payments may be in excess of our financial statement reserves, and we may be required to increase such reserves and may sustain additional losses associated with such loan repurchases and indemnification payments in the future. Increases to our reserves and losses incurred by us in connection with actual loan repurchases and indemnification payments in excess of our reserves could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 41 

Our business could be adversely affected by the occurrence of extraordinary events, such as acts of war, terrorist attacks, natural disasters and public health threats. 
 
 An act of war, terrorist activity, including acts of domestic terrorism, a major epidemic or pandemic, natural disaster, or the threat of such an event or other public health threat, could adversely affect our customers and our business. Such events could significantly impact the demand for our products and services as well as the ability of our customers to repay loans, affect the stability of our deposit base, impair the value of the collateral securing loans, adversely impact our employee base, cause significant property damage, result in loss of revenue, and cause us to incur additional expenses. Additionally, financial markets may be adversely affected by the current or anticipated impact of military conflict, including the war in Ukraine, terrorism or other geopolitical events . The occurrence or threat of any such extraordinary event could result in a material negative effect on our business and results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 
 
 Anti-takeover provisions could negatively impact our shareholders. 
 
 Certain provisions of our articles of incorporation, by-laws and Illinois law may have the effect of impeding the acquisition of control of Wintrust by means of a tender offer, a proxy fight, open-market purchases or otherwise in a transaction not approved by our board of directors. For example, our board of directors may issue additional authorized shares of our capital stock to deter future attempts to gain control of Wintrust, including the authority to determine the terms of any one or more series of preferred stock, such as voting rights, conversion rates and liquidation preferences. As a result of the ability to fix voting rights for a series of preferred stock, the board has the power, to the extent consistent with its fiduciary duty, to issue a series of preferred stock to persons friendly to management in order to attempt to block a merger or other transaction by which a third party seeks control, and thereby assist the incumbent board of directors and management to retain their respective positions. In addition, our articles of incorporation expressly elect to be governed by the provisions of Section 7.85 of the Illinois Business Corporation Act, which would make it more difficult for another party to acquire us without the approval of our board of directors. 
 
 The ability of a third party to acquire us is also limited under applicable banking regulations. The BHC Act requires any bank holding company (as defined in the BHC Act) to obtain the approval of the Federal Reserve prior to acquiring more than 5 of our outstanding common stock. Any person other than a bank holding company is required to obtain prior approval of the Federal Reserve to acquire 10 or more of our outstanding common stock under the Change in Bank Control Act of 1978. Any holder of 25 or more of our outstanding common stock, other than an individual, is subject to regulation as a bank holding company under the BHC Act. For purposes of calculating ownership thresholds under these banking regulations, bank regulators would generally take the position that the maximum number of shares of Wintrust common stock that a holder is entitled to receive pursuant to securities convertible into or settled in Wintrust common stock, including pursuant to any warrants to purchase Wintrust common stock held by such holder, must be taken into account in calculating a shareholder's aggregate holdings of Wintrust common stock. 
 
 These provisions may have the effect of discouraging a future takeover attempt that is not approved by our board of directors but which our individual shareholders may deem to be in their best interests or in which our shareholders may receive a substantial premium for their shares over then-current market prices. As a result, shareholders who might desire to participate in such a transaction may not have an opportunity to do so. Such provisions will also render the removal of our current board of directors or management more difficult. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 
 
 42 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 The Company s executive offices are located at 9700 W. Higgins Road, Rosemont, Illinois as well as additional nearby corporate office locations at 9701 W. Higgins Road, Rosemont, Illinois and 9801 W. Higgins Road, Rosemont, Illinois. The Company also leases office locations and retail space at 231 S. LaSalle Street in downtown Chicago and at 731 N. Jackson Street in downtown Milwaukee. The Company s community banking segment operates through 174 banking facilities, the majority of which are owned. The Company owns 221 automatic teller machines, the majority of which are housed at banking locations. The banking facilities are located in communities throughout the Chicago metropolitan area, southern Wisconsin and northwest Indiana as well as one banking location in Naples, Florida. Excess space in certain properties is leased to third parties. Wintrust Mortgage, also of our banking segment, is headquartered in our corporate headquarters in Rosemont, Illinois and has 42 locations in 10 states, all of which are leased, as well as office locations at several of our banks. 
 
 The Company s wealth management subsidiaries has one location in downtown Chicago, one in Appleton, Wisconsin, and one in Tampa, Florida, all of which are leased, as well as office locations at several of our banks. FIRST Insurance Funding and Wintrust Life Finance have one location in Northbrook, Illinois which is owned and locations in downtown Newark, New Jersey, Long Island, New York and Newport Beach, California, all of which are leased. FIFC Canada has three locations in Canada that are leased, located in Toronto, Ontario; Wainwright, Alberta; and Vancouver, British Columbia. Wintrust Asset Finance is located in our corporate headquarters in Rosemont, Illinois and has locations in Frisco, Texas, Mishawaka, Indiana, and Irvine, California, all of which are leased. Tricom has one location in Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin which is owned. In addition, the Company owns other real estate acquired for further expansion that, when considered in the aggregate, is not material to the Company s financial position. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 The information required by this item is set forth in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, under Note (20) Commitments and Contingencies . 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 43 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 The Company s common stock is traded on The NASDAQ Global Select Stock Market under the symbol WTFC. 
 
 Performance Graph 
 
 The following performance graph compares the five-year percentage change in the Company s cumulative shareholder return on common stock compared with the cumulative total return on composites of (1) all NASDAQ Global Select Market stocks for United States companies (broad market index) and (2) all NASDAQ Global Select Market bank stocks (peer group index). Cumulative total return is computed by dividing the sum of the cumulative amount of dividends for the measurement period and the difference between the Company s share price at the end and the beginning of the measurement period by the share price at the beginning of the measurement period. The NASDAQ Global Select Market for United States companies index comprises all domestic common shares traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market and the NASDAQ Small-Cap Market. The NASDAQ Global Select Market bank stocks index comprises all banks traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market and the NASDAQ Small-Cap Market. 
 
 This graph and other information furnished in the section titled Performance Graph under this Part II, Item 5 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K shall not be deemed to be soliciting materials or to be filed with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, as amended. 
 
 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Wintrust Financial Corporation 100.00 81.44 88.09 77.73 117.45 110.94 NASDAQ Total US 100.00 94.56 124.03 150.41 189.36 152.00 NASDAQ Bank Index 100.00 83.60 114.68 100.00 137.32 113.60 
 44 

Approximate Number of Equity Security Holders 
 
 As of February 9, 2023, there were approximately 1,678 shareholders of record of the Company s common stock. 
 
 Dividends on Common Stock 
 
 The Company s Board of Directors approved the first semi-annual dividend on the Company s common stock in January 2000 and continued to approve a semi-annual dividend until quarterly dividends were approved starting in 2014. The payment of dividends is subject to statutory restrictions and restrictions arising under the terms of the Company's Fixed-to-Floating Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series D (the Series D Preferred Stock ), the terms of the Company s Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series E (the Series E Preferred Stock ), the terms of the Company s Trust Preferred Securities offerings and under certain financial covenants in the Company s revolving and term credit facilities. Under the terms of these separate revolving and term credit facilities, the Company is prohibited from paying dividends on any equity interests, including its common stock and preferred stock, if such payments would cause the Company to be in default under its credit facilities or exceed a certain threshold. 
 
 The following is a summary of the cash dividends paid in 2022 and 2021: 
 
 Record Date Payable Date Dividend per Share November 10, 2022 November 25, 2022 0.34 August 11, 2022 August 25, 2022 0.34 May 12, 2022 May 26, 2022 0.34 February 10, 2022 February 24, 2022 0.34 November 11, 2021 November 26, 2021 0.31 August 5, 2021 August 19, 2021 0.31 May 6, 2021 May 20, 2021 0.31 February 11, 2021 February 25, 2021 0.31 
 
 On January 26, 2023, Wintrust Financial Corporation announced that the Company s Board of Directors approved a quarterly cash dividend of 0.40 per share of outstanding common stock. The dividend was paid on February 23, 2023 to shareholders of record as of February 9, 2023. 
 
 The final determination of timing, amount and payment of dividends is at the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors and will depend on the Company s earnings, financial condition, capital requirements and other relevant factors. Because the Company s consolidated net income consists largely of net income of the banks and certain wealth management subsidiaries, the Company s ability to pay dividends generally depends upon its receipt of dividends from these entities. The Company s and the banks ability to pay dividends is subject to banking laws, regulations and policies. See Supervision and Regulation - Payment of Dividends and Share Repurchases in Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, the banks and certain wealth management subsidiaries paid 52.0 million, 145.0 million and 253.0 million, respectively, in dividends to the Company. 
 
 Reference is also made to Note (19) Regulatory Matters to the Consolidated Financial Statements, and Liquidity and Capital Resources contained in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of the restrictions on the ability of certain subsidiaries to transfer funds to the Company in the form of dividends. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Our previously authorized share repurchase program permitted the repurchase of up to 125 million of our common stock. On October 28, 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company authorized the repurchase of up to 200 million of the Company s outstanding shares of common stock. This authorization is incremental to the remaining authorization of approximately 23 million under the previous program, which the Board approved in 2019. The repurchase authorization does not have an expiration date. No purchases of the Company s common shares were made by or on behalf of the Company or any affiliated purchaser as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 
 
 45 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following discussion highlights the significant factors affecting the operations and financial condition of Wintrust for the three years ended December 31, 2022. The detailed financial discussion focuses on 2022 results compared to 2021. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 For a discussion of 2021 results compared to 2020, refer to Part II, Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of the Wintrust Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed on February 25, 2022. 
 
 OPERATING SUMMARY 
 
 Wintrust s key measures of profitability and balance sheet changes are shown in the following table: 
 Years Ended December 31, Percentage ) or Basis Point (bp) Change Percentage ) or Basis Point (bp) Change (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 2021 to 2022 2020 to 2021 Net income 509,682 466,151 292,990 9 59 Pre-tax income, excluding provision for credit losses (non-GAAP) (1) 
 779,144 578,533 604,001 35 (4) Net income per common share Diluted 8.02 7.58 4.68 6 62 Net revenue (2) 
 1,956,415 1,711,077 1,644,096 14 4 Net interest income 1,495,362 1,124,957 1,039,907 33 8 Net interest margin 3.15 2.57 2.72 58 bp (15) bp Net interest margin - fully taxable-equivalent (non-GAAP) (1) 
 3.17 2.58 2.73 59 (15) Net overhead ratio (3) 
 1.42 1.17 1.05 25 12 Non-interest income to average assets 0.91 1.25 1.46 (34) (21) Non-interest expense to average assets 2.33 2.42 2.51 (9) (9) Return on average assets 1.01 1.00 0.71 1 29 Return on average common equity 11.41 11.27 7.50 14 377 Return on average tangible common equity (non-GAAP) (1) 
 13.73 13.83 9.54 (10) 429 At end of period Total assets 52,949,649 50,142,143 45,080,768 6 11 Total loans, excluding loans held-for-sale 39,196,485 34,789,104 32,079,073 13 8 Total deposits 42,902,544 42,095,585 37,092,651 2 13 Total shareholders equity 4,796,838 4,498,688 4,115,995 7 9 Average loans to average deposits ratio 87.5 84.7 88.8 280 bp (410) bp Book value per common share (1) 
 72.12 71.62 65.24 1 10 Tangible book value per common share (non-GAAP) (1) 
 61.00 59.64 53.23 2 12 Market price per common share 84.52 90.82 61.09 (7) 49 Allowance for loan and unfunded lending-related commitment losses to total loans 0.91 0.86 1.18 5 bp (32) bp Non-performing loans to total loans 0.26 0.21 0.40 5 (19) 
 (1) See Non-GAAP Financial Measures/Ratios for additional information on this performance measure/ratio. 
 (2) Net revenue is net interest income plus non-interest income. 
 (3) The net overhead ratio is calculated by netting total non-interest expense and total non-interest income and dividing by that period s total average assets. A lower ratio indicates a higher degree of efficiency. 
 
 Please refer to the Consolidated Results of Operations section later in this discussion for an analysis of the Company s operations for the past three years. 
 
 46 

NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES/RATIOS 
 
 The accounting and reporting policies of Wintrust conform to generally accepted accounting principles GAAP in the United States and prevailing practices in the banking industry. However, certain non-GAAP performance measures and ratios are used by management to evaluate and measure the Company s performance. These include taxable-equivalent net interest income (including its individual components), taxable-equivalent net interest margin (including its individual components), the taxable-equivalent efficiency ratio, tangible common equity ratio, tangible book value per common share, return on average tangible common equity and pre-tax income, excluding provision for credit losses. Management believes that these measures and ratios provide users of the Company s financial information a more meaningful view of the performance of the Company s interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities and of the Company s operating efficiency. Other financial holding companies may define or calculate these measures and ratios differently. 
 
 Management reviews yields on certain asset categories and the net interest margin of the Company and its banking subsidiaries on a fully taxable-equivalent FTE basis. In this non-GAAP presentation, net interest income is adjusted to reflect tax-exempt interest income on an equivalent before-tax basis using tax rates effective as of the end of the period. This measure ensures comparability of net interest income arising from both taxable and tax-exempt sources. Net interest income on a FTE basis is also used in the calculation of the Company s efficiency ratio. The efficiency ratio, which is calculated by dividing non-interest expense by total taxable-equivalent net revenue (less securities gains or losses), measures how much it costs to produce one dollar of revenue. Securities gains or losses are excluded from this calculation to better match revenue from daily operations to operational expenses. Management considers the tangible common equity ratio and tangible book value per common share as useful measurements of the Company s equity. The Company references the return on average tangible common equity as a measurement of profitability. Management considers pre-tax income, excluding provision for credit losses as a useful measurement of the Company s core net income. 

47 

The following table presents a reconciliation of certain non-GAAP performance measures and ratios used by the Company to evaluate and measure the Company s performance to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures for the last three years. Years Ended December 31, (Dollars and shares in thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Net Interest Margin and Efficiency Ratio: (A) Interest Income (GAAP) 1,747,443 1,275,484 1,293,020 Taxable-equivalent adjustment: 
 -Loans 3,619 1,627 2,241 -Liquidity management assets 1,977 1,972 2,165 -Other earning assets 5 2 9 (B) Interest Income (non-GAAP) 1,753,044 1,279,085 1,297,435 (C) Interest Expense (GAAP) 252,081 150,527 253,113 (D) Net Interest Income (GAAP) (A minus C) 1,495,362 1,124,957 1,039,907 (E) Net interest Income, fully taxable-equivalent (non-GAAP) (B minus C) 1,500,963 1,128,558 1,044,322 Net interest margin (GAAP) 3.15 2.57 2.72 Net interest margin, fully taxable-equivalent (non-GAAP) 3.17 2.58 2.73 (F) Non-interest income 461,053 586,120 604,189 (G) Losses on investment securities, net (20,427) (1,059) (1,926) (H) Non-interest expense 1,177,271 1,132,544 1,040,095 Efficiency ratio (H/(D+F-G)) 59.55 66.15 63.19 Efficiency ratio (non-GAAP) (H/(E+F-G)) 59.38 66.01 63.02 Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Tangible Common Equity Ratio: Total shareholders equity (GAAP) 4,796,838 4,498,688 4,115,995 Less: Non-convertible preferred stock (GAAP) (412,500) (412,500) (412,500) Less: Acquisition-related intangible assets (GAAP) (675,710) (683,456) (681,747) (I) Total tangible common shareholders equity (non-GAAP) 3,708,628 3,402,732 3,021,748 (J) Total assets (GAAP) 52,949,649 50,142,143 45,080,768 Less: Acquisition-related intangible assets (GAAP) (675,710) (683,456) (681,747) (K) Total tangible assets (non-GAAP) 52,273,939 49,458,687 44,399,021 Common equity to assets ratio (GAAP) (L/J) 8.3 8.1 8.2 Tangible common equity ratio (non-GAAP) (I/K) 7.1 6.9 6.8 Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Tangible Book Value per Common Share: Total shareholders equity (GAAP) 4,796,838 4,498,688 4,115,995 Less: Non-convertible preferred stock (GAAP) (412,500) (412,500) (412,500) (L) Total common equity 4,384,338 4,086,188 3,703,495 (M) Actual common shares outstanding 60,794 57,054 56,770 Book value per common share (L/M) 72.12 71.62 65.24 Tangible book value per common share (Non-GAAP) (I/M) 61.00 59.64 53.23 Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Return on Average Tangible Common Equity: (N) Net income applicable to common shares 481,718 438,187 271,613 Add: Acquisition-related intangible asset amortization 6,116 7,734 11,018 Less: Tax effect of acquisition-related intangible asset amortization (1,664) (2,080) (2,732) After-tax acquisition-related intangible asset amortization 4,452 5,654 8,286 (O) Tangible net income applicable to common shares (non-GAAP) 486,170 443,841 279,899 Total average shareholders equity 4,634,224 4,300,742 3,926,688 Less: Average preferred stock (412,500) (412,500) (306,455) (P) Total average common shareholders equity 4,221,724 3,888,242 3,620,233 Less: Average acquisition-related intangible assets (679,735) (678,739) (686,064) (Q) Total average tangible common shareholders equity (non-GAAP) 3,541,989 3,209,503 2,934,169 Return on average common equity (N/P) 11.41 11.27 7.50 Return on average tangible common equity (non-GAAP) (O/Q) 13.73 13.83 9.54 Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Pre-Tax, Pre-Provision Income, Adjusted for Changes in Fair Value of MSRs, net of economic hedge and Early Buy-out Loans Guaranteed by U.S. Government Agencies: Income before taxes 700,555 637,796 389,781 Add: Provision for credit losses 78,589 (59,263) 214,220 Pre-tax income, excluding provision for credit losses (non-GAAP) 779,144 578,533 604,001 
 48 

OVERVIEW AND STRATEGY 
 
 2022 Highlights 
 
 The Company recorded net income of 509.7 million for the year of 2022 compared to 466.2 million and 293.0 million for the years of 2021 and 2020, respectively. The results for 2022 demonstrate increased net interest income primarily due to significant growth in earning assets and increasing net interest margin partially offset by an increase in provision for credit losses due to deterioration of forecasted macroeconomic conditions used in the measurement of the allowance for credit losses as well as reduced mortgage banking revenue primarily due to lower mortgage originations and lower production margins during the year. 
 
 The Company increased its loan portfolio from 34.8 billion at December 31, 2021 to 39.2 billion at December 31, 2022. This increase was primarily due to growth in several portfolios, including the commercial, industrial and other, commercial real estate, property and casualty premium finance receivables and life insurance premium finance receivables portfolios. For more information regarding changes in the Company s loan portfolio, see Analysis of Financial Condition Interest Earning Assets and Note (4) Loans to the Consolidated Financial Statements presented under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 The Company recorded net interest income of 1.5 billion in 2022 compared to 1.1 billion and 1.0 billion in 2021 and 2020, respectively. The higher level of net interest income recorded in 2022 compared to 2021 resulted primarily from a 3.6 billion increase in average earning assets, and a 58 basis point increase in the net interest margin in 2022 (see Net Interest Margin section later in this Item 7 for further detail). 
 
 Non-interest income totaled 461.1 million in 2022, decreasing 125.1 million, or 21 , compared to 2021. The decrease in non-interest income in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily attributable to decreases in mortgage banking revenues due to origination volumes declining from historically elevated levels experienced in 2020 and 2021 as well as declines in margins earned on sales, and net losses on investment securities as a result of unrealized losses on equity investments (see Non-Interest Income section later in this Item 7 for further detail). 
 
 Non-interest expense totaled 1.2 billion in 2022, increasing 44.7 million, or 4 , compared to 2021. The increase compared to 2021 was primarily attributable to an 8.4 million increase in software and equipment expense and a 12.1 million increase in advertising and marketing expense. (see Non-Interest Expense section later in this Item 7 for further detail). 
 
 Management considers the maintenance of adequate liquidity to be important to the management of risk. Accordingly, during 2022, the Company continued its practice of maintaining appropriate funding capacity to provide the Company with adequate liquidity for its ongoing operations. In this regard, the Company benefited from its strong deposit base, a liquid short-term investment portfolio and its access to funding from a variety of external funding sources. The Company had overnight liquid funds and interest-bearing deposits with banks of 2.5 billion and 5.8 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Economic Environment 
 
 The economic environment in 2022 was characterized by growth in net interest margin due to the rising interest rate environment, the related challenges in mortgage banking as a result of such rising interest rate environment, deteriorating economic forecasts and, for banks, the associated impact on the allowance for credit losses as well as continued competition as banks have experienced improvements in their financial condition allowing them to be more active in the lending market. The Company has employed certain strategies to manage net income in the current rate environment, including those discussed below. 
 
 While the Company s business and day-to-day operations are no longer being materially impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, despite the widespread distribution of vaccines and related boosters, the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including the continued emergence of various new strains of the virus, may impact the Company s future results. Please refer to Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors of this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 
 Net Interest Income 
 
 The Company has leveraged its operating strengths to grow its earning assets base while still benefiting from rising interest rates and the resulting impact in net interest margin in 2022. In 2022, the Company's net interest margin increased to 3.15 (3.17 on a fully tax-equivalent basis, non-GAAP) as compared to 2.57 (2.58 on a fully tax-equivalent basis, non-GAAP) in 2021, primarily due to higher yields on the Company s earning assets and a shift in earning asset mix in 2022 with loans 
 49 

constituting a greater portion of earning assets than liquidity management assets. Significant growth in earning assets resulted in the Company s net interest income increasing by 370.4 million in 2022 compared to 2021. In 2022, the Company maintained its asset sensitive interest rate position in anticipation of interest rates increases. Based on contractual cash flows, approximately 73 of our current loan balances are projected to reprice or mature in 2023. 
 
 The Company has continued its practice of writing call options against certain investment securities to economically hedge the securities positions and receive fee income to compensate for net interest margin compression. In 2022, the Company recognized 14.1 million in fees on covered call options compared to 3.7 million in 2021. 
 
 The Company utilizes back to back interest rate derivative transactions, primarily interest rate swaps, to receive floating rate interest payments related to customer loans. In these arrangements, the Company makes a floating rate loan to a borrower who prefers to pay a fixed rate. To accommodate the risk management strategy of certain qualified borrowers, the Company enters a swap with its borrower to effectively convert the borrower's variable rate loan to a fixed rate. However, in order to minimize the Company's exposure on these transactions and continue to receive a floating rate, the Company simultaneously executes an offsetting mirror-image swap with various third parties. 
 
 Non-Interest Income 
 
 The interest rate environment impacts the profitability and mix of the Company's mortgage banking business which generated revenues of 155.2 million in 2022 and 273.0 million in 2021, representing 8 and 16 of total net revenue in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Mortgage banking revenue is primarily comprised of gains on sales of mortgage loans originated for new home purchases as well as mortgage refinancing. Mortgage revenue is also impacted by changes in the fair value of mortgage servicing rights MSRs ). Mortgage originations for sale totaled 2.8 billion and 6.8 billion in 2022 and 2021, respectively. In 2022, approximately 71 of originations were mortgages associated with new home purchases, while 29 of originations were related to refinancing of mortgages. In 2021, approximately 45 of originations were mortgages associated with new home purchases, while 55 of originations were related to refinancing of mortgages. 
 
 Non-Interest Expense 
 
 Management believes expense management is important to enhance profitability amid increased competition. Cost control and an efficient infrastructure should position the Company appropriately as it continues its growth strategy. Management continues to be disciplined in its approach to growth and plans to leverage the Company's existing expense infrastructure to expand its presence in existing and complimentary markets. Potentially impacting the cost control strategies discussed above, the Company anticipates increased costs resulting from the regulatory environment in which we operate as well as wage inflation, higher FDIC insurance assessments and continued investment in technology. 
 
 Credit Quality 
 
 The Company continues to actively address non-performing assets and remains disciplined in its approach to grow without sacrificing asset quality. 
 
 In particular: 
 
 The Company s 2022 provision for credit losses totaled 78.6 million compared to a negative provision of 59.3 million in 2021 and a provision of 214.2 million in 2020. The provision in 2022 was primarily the result of deterioration in the forecasted macroeconomic forecast, specifically the Company s macroeconomic forecasts of key model inputs (most notably, Commercial Real Estate Price Index and Baa corporate credit spreads) as well as growth in the Company's loan portfolios. Net charge-offs decreased slightly to 20.3 million in 2022 (of which 10.1 million related to commercial and commercial real estate loans), compared to 21.5 million in 2021 (of which 20.2 million related to commercial and commercial real estate loans) and 40.3 million in 2020 (of which 27.3 million related to commercial and commercial real estate loans). 
 
 The Company's allowance for loan and unfunded lending-related commitment losses increased to 357.4 million at December 31, 2022, reflecting an increase of 57.8 million, or 19 , when compared to 2021. At December 31, 2022, approximately 184 million, or 52 , of the allowance for loan and unfunded lending-related commitment losses was associated with commercial real estate loans and an additional 143 million, or 40 , was associated with commercial loans. 
 
 50 

The Company has significant exposure to commercial real estate. At December 31, 2022, 10.0 billion, or 25 , of our loan portfolio was commercial real estate, with approximately 75.3 located in our market area. The commercial real estate loan portfolio was comprised of 1.5 billion in construction and development loans, and 8.5 billion in non-construction loans. In analyzing the commercial real estate market, the Company does not rely upon the assessment of broad market statistical data, in large part because the Company s market area is diverse and covers many communities, each of which is impacted differently by economic forces affecting the Company s general market area. As such, the extent of the decline in real estate valuations can vary meaningfully among the different types of commercial and other real estate loans made by the Company. The Company uses its multi-chartered structure and local management knowledge to analyze and manage the local market conditions at each of its banks. 
 
 Excluding early buy-out loans guaranteed by U.S. government agencies, total non-performing loans (loans on non-accrual status and loans more than 90 days past due and still accruing interest) were 100.7 million (of which 6.4 million, or 6 , was related to commercial real estate) at December 31, 2022, an increase of 26.3 million compared to December 31, 2021. Non-performing loans as a percentage of total loans were 0.26 at December 31, 2022 compared to 0.21 at December 31, 2021. 
 
 The Company s other real estate owned increased by 5.6 million to 9.9 million during 2022, from 4.3 million at December 31, 2021. The 9.9 million of other real estate owned as of December 31, 2022 was comprised of 8.3 million of commercial real estate property and 1.6 million of residential real estate property. 
 
 During 2022, management continued its efforts to aggressively resolve problem loans through liquidation, rather than retention of loans or real estate acquired as collateral through the foreclosure process. Management believes these actions will serve the Company well in the future by providing some protection for the Company from further valuation deterioration and permitting management to spend less time on resolution of problem loans and more time on growing the Company s core business and the evaluation of other opportunities. 
 
 Management continues to direct significant attention toward the prompt identification, management and resolution of problem loans. The Company has restructured certain loans by providing economic concessions to borrowers to better align the terms of their loans with their current ability to pay. At December 31, 2022, approximately 41.1 million in loans had terms modified representing troubled debt restructurings TDRs ), with 36.6 million of these TDRs continuing in accruing status. See Note (5) Allowance for Credit Losses , to the Consolidated Financial Statements presented under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional discussion of TDRs. 
 
 The Company enters into residential mortgage loan sale agreements with investors in the normal course of business. The Company s practice is generally not to retain long-term fixed-rate mortgages on its balance sheet in order to mitigate interest rate risk, and consequently sells most of such mortgages into the secondary market. These agreements provide recourse to investors through certain representations concerning credit information, loan documentation, collateral and insurability. Investors request the Company to indemnify them against losses on certain loans or to repurchase loans which the investors believe do not comply with applicable representations. An increase in requests for loss indemnification can negatively impact mortgage banking revenue as additional recourse expense. The liability for estimated losses on repurchase and indemnification claims for residential mortgage loans previously sold to investors was 624,000 at December 31, 2022 and 675,000 at December 31, 2021. 

Community Banking 
 
 Through our community banking franchise, we provide banking and financial services primarily to individuals, small to mid-sized businesses, local governmental units and institutional clients residing primarily in the local areas we service. Profitability of this franchise is primarily driven by our net interest income and margin, our funding mix and related costs, the measurement of the allowance for credit losses and the impact of current and forecasted macroeconomic conditions on such measurement, the level of non-performing loans and other real estate owned, the amount of mortgage banking revenue and our history of acquiring banking operations and establishing de novo banking locations. 
 
 Net interest income and margin . The primary source of our revenue is net interest income. Net interest income is the difference between interest income and fees on earning assets, such as loans and securities, and interest expense on liabilities to fund those assets, including deposits and other borrowings. Net interest income can change significantly from period to period based on general levels of interest rates, customer prepayment patterns, the mix of interest-earning assets and the mix of interest-bearing and non-interest-bearing deposits and borrowings. 
 
 51 

Funding mix and related costs. The most significant source of funding in community banking is core deposits, which are comprised of non-interest-bearing deposits, non-brokered interest-bearing transaction accounts, savings deposits and domestic time deposits. Our branch network is the principal source of core deposits, which generally carry lower interest rates than wholesale funds of comparable maturities. Community banking profitability has been favorably impacted in recent years as the Company funded strong loan growth with a more desirable blend of funds. 
 
 Measurement of the allowance for credit losses. The Company adopted CECL as of January 1, 2020, which requires the estimate of expected credit losses over the entire life of financial assets measured at amortized cost. To measure lifetime expected credit losses, the Company adjusts credit loss estimates for reasonable and supportable forecasts of macroeconomic conditions. Such forecasts can significantly impact the profitability of our community banks as changing estimates of lifetime losses from period to period can result in significant fluctuations in provision for credit losses during those periods. In 2022, such fluctuations in provision for credit losses unfavorably impacted the profitability of our community banks, primarily as a result of deterioration in forecasted macroeconomic conditions. 
 
 Level of non-performing loans and other real estate owned . The level of non-performing loans and other real estate owned can significantly impact our profitability as these loans and other real estate owned do not accrue any income, can be subject to charge-offs and write-downs due to deteriorating market conditions and generally result in additional legal and collections expenses. The Company s credit quality measures have remained at historically low levels in recent years. 
 
 Mortgage banking revenue . Our community banking franchise is also influenced by the level of fees generated by the origination of residential mortgages and the sale of such mortgages into the secondary market by Wintrust Mortgage. The Company recognized a decrease of 117.8 million in mortgage banking revenue in 2022 compared to 2021 as origination volumes and margins on sales declined in 2022 compared to 2021. Mortgage originations for sale totaled 2.8 billion and 6.8 billion in 2022 and 2021, respectively, decreasing as rising interest rates reduced refinance incentives for borrowers. Partially offsetting the impact of lower originations and production margins was growth in servicing fee income and the value of the Company s Mortgage Servicing Rights MSR asset as the portfolio of loans serviced for others has continued to grow. 
 
 Expansion of banking operations. Our historical financial performance has been affected by costs associated with growing market share in deposits and loans, establishing and acquiring banks, opening new branch facilities and building an experienced management team. Our financial performance generally reflects the improved profitability of our banking subsidiaries as they mature, offset by the costs of establishing and acquiring banks and opening new branch facilities. 
 
 In determining the timing of the opening of additional branches of existing banks, and the acquisition of additional banks, we consider many factors, particularly our perceived ability to obtain an adequate return on our invested capital driven largely by the then existing cost of funds and lending margins, the general economic climate and the level of competition in a given market. See discussion of acquisition activity in the Recent Transactions section below. 
 
 In addition to the factors considered above, before we engage in expansion through de novo branches, we must first make a determination that the expansion fulfills our objective of enhancing shareholder value through potential future earnings growth and enhancement of the overall franchise value of the Company. Generally, we believe that, in normal market conditions, expansion through de novo growth is a better long-term investment than acquiring banks because the cost to bring a de novo location to profitability is generally substantially less than the premium paid for the acquisition of a healthy bank. Each opportunity to expand is unique from a cost and benefit perspective. Both FDIC-assisted and non-FDIC-assisted acquisitions offer a unique opportunity for the Company to expand into new and existing markets in a non-traditional manner. Potential acquisitions are reviewed in a similar manner as a de novo branch opportunities, however, FDIC-assisted and non-FDIC-assisted acquisitions have the ability to immediately enhance shareholder value. Factors including the valuation of our stock, other economic market conditions, the size and scope of the particular expansion opportunity and competitive landscape all influence the decision to expand via de novo growth or through acquisition. 
 
 Specialty Finance 
 
 Through our specialty finance segment, we offer financing of insurance premiums for businesses and individuals; lease financing and other direct leasing opportunities; accounts receivable financing, value-added, out-sourced administrative services; and other specialty finance businesses. 
 
 Financing of Commercial Insurance Premiums 
 
 The primary driver of profitability related to the financing of property and casualty insurance premiums is the net interest spread that FIRST Insurance Funding and FIFC Canada can produce between the yields on the loans generated and the cost of 
 52 

funds allocated to the business unit. The property and casualty insurance premium finance business is a competitive industry and yields on loans are influenced by the market rates offered by our competitors. The majority of loans originated by FIRST Insurance Funding are purchased by the banks in order to more fully utilize their lending capacity as these loans generally provide the banks with higher yields than alternative investments. We fund these loans primarily through our deposits, the cost of which is influenced by competitors in the retail banking markets in our market area. 
 
 Financing of Life Insurance Premiums 
 
 The primary driver of profitability related to the financing of life insurance premiums is the net interest spread that Wintrust Life Finance can produce between the yields on the loans generated and the cost of funds allocated to the business unit. Profitability of financing both commercial and life insurance premiums is also meaningfully impacted by leveraging information technology systems, maintaining operational efficiency and increasing average loan size, each of which allows us to expand our loan volume without significant capital investment. 
 
 Wealth Management 
 
 Through our wealth management segment, we offer a full range of wealth management services through four separate subsidiaries (CTC, Wintrust Investments, Great Lakes Advisors and CDEC): trust and investment services, tax-deferred like-kind exchange services, asset management solutions, securities brokerage services and 401(k) and retirement plan services. 
 
 The primary drivers of profitability of the wealth management business can be associated with the level of commission received related to the trading performed by the brokerage customers for their accounts and the amount of assets under management in which the unit receives a management fee for advisory, administrative and custodial services. As such, revenues are influenced by a rise or fall in the debt and equity markets and the resulting increase or decrease in the value of our client accounts on which our fees are based. The commissions received by the brokerage unit are not as directly influenced by the directionality of the debt and equity markets but rather the desire of our customers to engage in trading based on their particular situations and outlooks of the market or particular stocks and bonds. 

Financial Regulatory Reform 
 
 Our business is heavily regulated and supervised by both federal and state agencies. Both the scope of the laws and regulations and the intensity of the supervision to which our business is subject have increased in recent years, initially in response to the financial crisis, and more recently in light of other factors such as technological and market changes. Many of these changes have occurred as a result of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act Dodd-Frank Act and its implementing regulations, most of which are now in place. We expect that our business will remain subject to extensive regulation and supervision. 
 
 The exact impact of the changing regulatory environment on our business and operations depends upon legislative or regulatory changes to reform the financial regulatory framework and the actions of our competitors, customers, and other market participants. Legislative and regulatory changes could have a significant impact on us by, for example, requiring us to change our business practices; requiring us to meet more stringent capital, liquidity and leverage ratio requirements; limiting our ability to pursue business opportunities; imposing additional costs and compliance obligations on us; limiting fees we can charge for services; impacting the value of our assets; or otherwise adversely affecting our businesses and our earnings capabilities. We have already experienced significant increases in compliance related costs in recent years, and we are now subject to more stringent risk-based capital and leverage ratio requirements than we were prior to the adoption of the U.S. Basel III Rules. We are also now subject to many mortgage-related rules promulgated by the CFPB that materially restructured the origination, services and securitization of residential mortgages in the United States. As discussed under Supervision and Regulation in Item 1, the FDIC adopted a final rule, applicable to all insured depository institutions, to increase initial base deposit insurance assessment rate schedules uniformly by 2 basis points, beginning in the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. We will continue to monitor the impact that the implementation of applicable rules, regulations and policies arising out of any legislative or regulatory changes may have on our organization. For further discussion of the laws and regulations applicable to us and our subsidiary banks, please refer to Business-Supervision and Regulation. 

Recent Transactions 
 
 Common Stock Offering 
 
 In June 2022, the Company sold through a public offering a total of 3,450,000 shares of its common stock. Net proceeds to the Company totaled approximately 285.7 million, net of estimated issuance costs. 
 53 

Insurance Agency Loan Portfolio 
 
 On November 15, 2021, the Company completed its acquisition of certain assets from The Allstate Corporation Allstate ). Through this business combination, the Company acquired approximately 581.6 million of loans, net of allowance for credit losses measured on the acquisition date. The loan portfolio was comprised of approximately 1,800 loans to Allstate agents nationally. In addition to acquiring the loans, the Company became the national preferred provider of loans to Allstate agents. In connection with the loan acquisition, a team of Allstate agency lending specialists joined the Company, to augment and expand Wintrust s existing insurance agency finance business. As the transaction was determined to be a business combination, the Company recorded goodwill of approximately 9.3 million on the purchase. 
 
 Wisconsin Branch Sale 
 
 On April 23, 2021 the Company completed the sale of three branches located in Albany, Darlington and Monroe, Wisconsin to Greenwoods Financial Group, Inc., the parent company of The Greenwoods State Bank Greenwoods ), for 81.3 million. Greenwoods assumed approximately 77.5 million of deposits and acquired the branch facilities and various other assets. 

SUMMARY OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 
 The Company s Consolidated Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP in the United States, prevailing practices of the banking industry, and the application of accounting policies of which are described in Note (1) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8. These policies require numerous estimates and strategic or economic assumptions, which may prove inaccurate or subject to variations. Changes in underlying factors, assumptions or estimates could have material impact on the Company s future financial condition and results of operations. At December 31, 2022, management views critical accounting estimates to include the determination of the allowance for credit losses, estimations of fair value, the valuations required for impairment testing of goodwill, the valuation and accounting for derivative instruments and income taxes as the accounting areas that require the most subjective and complex judgments, and as such could be most subject to revision as new information becomes available. These estimates were reviewed with the Audit Committee of the Company s Board of Directors and are discussed more fully below. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses, including the Allowance for Loan Losses, Allowance for Losses on Lending-Related Commitments and Allowance for Held-to-Maturity Debt Securities 
 
 The allowance for credit losses represents management s estimate of expected credit losses over the life of a financial asset carried at amortized cost. Determining the amount of the allowance for credit losses is considered a critical accounting estimate because it requires significant judgment and the use of estimates related to the fair value of the underlying collateral and amount and timing of expected future cash flows on individually assessed financial assets, estimated credit losses on pools of loans with similar risk characteristics, and consideration of reasonable and supportable forecasts of macroeconomic conditions, all of which are susceptible to significant change. At December 31, 2022, the loan and held-to-maturity debt securities portfolios represent 81 of total assets on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. The Company also maintains an allowance for lending-related commitments, specifically unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit, which relates to certain amounts the Company is committed to lend (not unconditionally cancelable) but for which funds have not yet been disbursed. 
 
 Key macroeconomic variable data points that are significant inputs into our credit loss models for the commercial and commercial real estate portfolios are the Baa corporate credit spread as well as the Commercial Real Estate Pricing Index CREPI specifically related to the commercial real estate portfolio. Holding all other inputs constant, the table below shows the impact of changes in these key macroeconomic variable data points on the estimate of allowance for credit losses. 
 
 Impact to estimated allowance for credit losses from an increased or higher input value Baa Credit Spread Increases CRE Price Index Decreases 
 
 54 

Holding all other inputs constant, the following table provides a sensitivity analysis for the commercial and commercial real estate portfolios based on a 20 basis point change in Baa credit spreads from the assumption utilized in the estimate of that portfolio s allowance for credit losses at December 31, 2022: 
 
 Baa Credit Spread Narrows Widens Commercial Decreases estimate by 10 -15 Increases estimate by 15 -20 Commercial Real Estate: Construction Decreases estimate by 15 -20 Increases estimate by 15 -20 Non-Construction Decreases estimate by 4 -5 Increases estimate by 4 -5 
 
 Holding all other inputs constant, the following table provides a sensitivity analysis for the commercial real estate construction and non-construction portfolios based on a 10 change in CREPI from the assumption utilized in the estimate of that portfolio s allowance for credit losses at December 31, 2022: 
 
 CRE Price Index Increases Decreases Commercial Real Estate: Construction Decreases estimate by 30 -35 Increases estimate by 130 -135 Non-Construction Decreases estimate by 25 -30 Increases estimate by 40 -45 
 
 See Note (5) Allowance for Credit Losses to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 and the section titled Loan Portfolio and Asset Quality in Item 7 for a description of the methodology used to determine the allowance for credit losses. 
 
 Estimations of Fair Value 
 
 A portion of the Company s assets and liabilities are carried at fair value on the Consolidated Statements of Condition, with changes in fair value recorded either through earnings or other comprehensive income in accordance with applicable accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. These include the Company s trading account securities, available-for-sale debt securities, equity securities with a readily determinable fair value, derivatives, mortgage loans held-for-sale, certain loans held-for-investment and mortgage servicing rights MSRs ). The determination of fair value is important for certain other assets, including goodwill and other intangible assets, loans individually assessed when measuring a related allowance for credit loss, and other real estate owned that are periodically evaluated for impairment using fair value estimates. 
 
 Fair value is generally defined as the amount at which an asset or liability could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing, unrelated parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. Fair value is based on quoted market prices in an active market, or if market prices are not available, is estimated using models employing techniques such as matrix pricing or discounting expected cash flows. The significant assumptions used in the models, which include assumptions for interest rates, discount rates, prepayments and credit losses, are independently verified against observable market data where possible. Where observable market data is not available, the estimate of fair value becomes more subjective and involves a high degree of judgment. In this circumstance, fair value is estimated based on management s judgment regarding the value that market participants would assign to the asset or liability. This valuation process takes into consideration factors such as market illiquidity. Imprecision in estimating these factors can impact the amount recorded on the balance sheet for a particular asset or liability with related impacts to earnings or other comprehensive income. See Note (22) Fair Value of Assets and Liabilities to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for a further discussion of fair value measurements. 
 
 Impairment Testing of Goodwill 
 
 The Company performs impairment testing of goodwill for each of its reporting units on an annual basis or more frequently when events warrant, using a qualitative or quantitative approach. Using a qualitative approach, the Company reviews any recent events or circumstances that would indicate it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. These events and circumstances include the performance of the Company, the condition of the related industry in which the reporting unit operates and general economic environment and other factors. If the Company determines it is not more likely than not that there is impairment based on an evaluation of these events and circumstances, the Company may forgo the quantitative approach. 
 55 

Using a quantitative approach, the Company compares each reporting unit s fair value to its carrying value. If the carrying value of a reporting unit was determined to have been higher than its fair value, the Company would measure and recognize an impairment loss for the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the reporting unit. Any impairment loss would not exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to the reporting unit. Valuations are estimated in good faith by management through the use of publicly available valuations of comparable entities and discounted cash flow models using internal financial projections in the reporting unit s business plan. 
 
 Under both a qualitative and quantitative approach, the goodwill impairment analysis requires management to make subjective judgments in determining if an indicator of impairment has occurred. Events and factors that may significantly affect the analysis include: a significant decline in the Company s expected future cash flows, a substantial increase in the discount rate, a sustained, significant decline in the Company s stock price and market capitalization, a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate. Other factors might include changing competitive forces, customer behaviors and attrition, revenue trends, cost structures, along with specific industry and market conditions. Adverse change in these factors could have a significant impact on the recoverability of intangible assets and could have a material impact on the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had three reporting units: Community Banking, Specialty Finance and Wealth Management. Based on the Company s 2022 annual goodwill impairment testing, which was performed qualitatively, the Company concluded that the fair value of each reporting unit more likely than not exceeded the carrying amounts of the respective reporting units. 
 
 Derivative Instruments 
 
 The Company utilizes derivative instruments to manage risks such as interest rate risk or market risk. The Company s policy prohibits using derivatives for speculative purposes. 
 
 Accounting for derivatives differs significantly depending on whether a derivative is designated as an accounting hedge, which is a transaction intended to reduce a risk associated with a specific asset or liability or future expected cash flow at the time it is purchased. In order to qualify as an accounting hedge, a derivative must be designated as such at inception by management and meet certain criteria. Management must also continue to evaluate whether the instrument effectively reduces the risk associated with that item. To determine if a derivative instrument continues to be an effective hedge, the Company must make assumptions and judgments about the continued effectiveness of the hedging strategies and the nature and timing of forecasted transactions. If the Company s hedging strategy were to become ineffective, hedge accounting would no longer apply and the reported results of operations or financial condition could be materially affected. See Note (21) Derivative Financial Instruments to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for a further discussion of derivative accounting. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 The Company is subject to the income tax laws of the United States, its states, Canada and other jurisdictions where it conducts business. These laws are complex and subject to potentially different interpretations by the taxpayer and the various taxing authorities. In determining the provision for income taxes, management must make judgments and estimates about the application of these inherently complex laws, related regulations and case law. In the process of preparing the Company s tax returns, management attempts to make reasonable interpretations of the tax laws. These interpretations are subject to challenge by the tax authorities upon audit or to reinterpretation based on management s ongoing assessment of facts and evolving case law. Management reviews its uncertain tax positions and recognition of the benefits of such positions on a regular basis. 
 
 On a quarterly basis, management assesses the reasonableness of its effective tax rate based upon its current best estimate of net income and the applicable taxes expected for the full year. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are reassessed on a quarterly basis, if business events or circumstances warrant. Additionally, any enactment of new tax rates requires the Company to re-measure its existing deferred tax assets and liabilities to reflect the new tax rate, with such adjustments recognized in current year earnings. See Note (17) Income Taxes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for a further discussion of income taxes. 
 
 56 

CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following discussion of Wintrust s results of operations requires an understanding that a majority of the Company s bank subsidiaries have been started as de novo banks since December 1991. Wintrust has a strategy of continuing to build its customer base and securing broad product penetration in each marketplace that it serves. The Company has expanded its banking franchise from three banks with five offices in 1994 to 15 banks with 174 offices at the end of 2022. FIRST Insurance Funding and Wintrust Life Finance have matured into separate divisions that generated, on a national basis, 13.8 billion in total premium finance receivables in 2022 within the United States. FIFC Canada, acquired in 2012, originated 1.6 billion in Canadian property and casualty premium finance receivables in 2022. The Company s leasing business increased its portfolio of assets, including direct financing leases, loans and equipment on operating leases, to 3.0 billion as of December 31, 2022. In addition, the wealth management companies have been building a team of experienced professionals who are located within a majority of the banks. 
 
 Earnings Summary 
 
 Net income for the year ended December 31, 2022, totaled 509.7 million, or 8.02 per diluted common share, compared to 466.2 million, or 7.58 per diluted common share, in 2021, and 293.0 million, or 4.68 per diluted common share, in 2020. During 2022, net income increased by 43.5 million and earnings per diluted common share increased by 0.44. Net interest income increased in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily as a result of growth in average earning assets in 2022, as well as an increase in the net interest margin. Partially offsetting the increase to net income from higher net interest income was a higher provision for credit losses. The Company s provision for credit losses increased significantly in 2022 primarily due to deterioration of forecasted macroeconomic conditions used in the measurement of the allowance for credit losses. Mortgage banking revenue decreased in 2022 as compared 2021 primarily as a result of a decrease in loans originated for sale and lower production margins, partially offset by more favorable fair value adjustments of MSRs. The Company s mortgages originated for sale decreased in 2022 compared to 2021, primarily as a result of lower refinance production in 2022 as long-term interest rates rose compared to 2021. 
 
 Other items impacting net income in 2022 compared to 2021 include increased software and equipment expenses and higher advertising and marketing costs as well as losses on investment securities in 2022. 

Net Interest Income 
 
 The primary source of the Company s revenue is net interest income. Net interest income is the difference between interest income and fees on earning assets, such as loans and securities, and interest expense on the liabilities to fund those assets, including interest-bearing deposits and other borrowings. The amount of net interest income is affected by both changes in the level of interest rates, and the amount and composition of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. 
 
 Net interest income in 2022 totaled 1.50 billion, up from 1.12 billion in 2021 and up from 1.04 billion in 2020, representing an increase of 370.4 million, or 33 , in 2022 and an increase of 85.1 million, or 8 , in 2021. The table presented later in this section, titled Changes in Interest Income and Expense, presents the dollar amount of changes in interest income and expense, by major category, attributable to changes in the volume of the balance sheet category and changes in the rate earned or paid with respect to that category of assets or liabilities for 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Average earning assets increased 3.6 billion, or 8 , in 2022 and 5.5 billion, or 14 , in 2021. Loans are the most significant component of the earning asset base as they earn interest at a higher rate than the majority of other earning assets. Average loans increased 3.6 billion, or 11 , in 2022 and 2.9 billion, or 10 , in 2021. Total average loans as a percentage of total average earning assets were 77 , 75 and 79 in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The average yield on loans was 4.12 in 2022, 3.43 in 2021 and 3.84 in 2020, reflecting an increase of 69 basis points in 2022 and a decrease of 41 basis points in 2021. The higher loan yields in 2022 compared to 2021 is primarily a result of the increase in the interest rate environment in 2022 compared to 2021. The average yield on liquidity management assets was 2.15 in 2022, 1.14 in 2021 and 1.60 in 2020, reflecting an increase of 101 basis points in 2022 and a decrease of 46 basis points in 2021. The higher yield in 2022 compared to 2021 is also primarily a result of the increase in the interest rate environment in 2022 compared to 2021. The average rate paid on interest-bearing deposits, the largest component of the Company s interest-bearing liabilities, was 0.62 in 2022, 0.33 in 2021 and 0.77 in 2020, representing an increase of 29 basis points in 2022 and a decrease of 44 basis points in 2021. The higher level of interest-bearing deposits rates in 2022 compared to 2021 is also primarily a result of the increase in the interest rate environment in 2022 compared to 2021. As a result of the above, net interest margin increased to 3.15 (3.17 on a fully taxable-equivalent basis, non-GAAP) in 2022 compared to 2.57 (2.58 on a fully taxable-equivalent basis, non-GAAP) in 2021. 
 
 57 

Net interest income and net interest margin were also affected by amortization of valuation adjustments to earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities of acquired businesses. Assets and liabilities of acquired businesses are required to be recognized at their estimated fair value at the date of acquisition. These valuation adjustments represent the difference between the estimated fair value and the carrying value of assets and liabilities acquired. These adjustments are amortized into interest income and interest expense based upon the estimated remaining lives of the assets and liabilities acquired. 
 
 Average Balance Sheets, Interest Income and Expense, and Interest Rate Yields and Costs 
 
 The following table sets forth the average balances, the interest earned or paid thereon, and the effective interest rate, yield or cost for each major category of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The yields and costs include loan origination fees and certain direct origination costs that are considered adjustments to yields. Interest income on non-accruing loans is reflected in the year that it is collected, to the extent it is not applied to principal. Such amounts are not material to net interest income or the net change in net interest income in any year. Non-accrual loans are included in the average balances. Net interest income and the related net interest margin have been adjusted to reflect tax-exempt income, such as interest on municipal securities and loans, on a fully taxable-equivalent basis (non-GAAP). This table should be referred to in conjunction with discussion of the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 58 

Average Balance for the years ended December 31, Interest for the years ended December 31, Yield/Rate for the years ended December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 Assets Interest-bearing deposits with banks, securities purchased under resale agreements and cash equivalents (1) 
 3,323,196 4,840,048 3,117,075 48,350 6,779 8,655 1.45 0.14 0.28 Investment securities (2) 
 6,735,732 4,779,313 4,101,136 162,577 97,258 101,799 2.41 2.03 2.48 FHLB and FRB stock 150,223 135,873 130,360 8,622 7,067 6,891 5.74 5.20 5.29 Total liquidity management assets (3) (8) 
 10,209,151 9,755,234 7,348,571 219,549 111,104 117,345 2.15 1.14 1.60 Other earning assets (3) (4) (8) 
 22,391 25,096 17,863 955 657 523 4.27 2.62 2.94 Mortgage loans held-for-sale 496,088 959,457 707,147 21,195 32,169 20,077 4.27 3.35 2.84 Loans, net of unearned income (3) (5) (8) 
 36,684,528 33,051,043 30,181,204 1,511,345 1,135,155 1,159,490 4.12 3.43 3.84 Total earning assets (8) 
 47,412,158 43,790,830 38,254,785 1,753,044 1,279,085 1,297,435 3.70 2.92 3.39 Allowance for loan and investment security losses (256,690) (284,163) (264,516) Cash and due from banks 473,025 432,836 341,116 Other assets 2,795,826 2,884,548 3,039,954 Total assets 50,424,319 46,824,051 41,371,339 Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Deposits interest-bearing: NOW and interest-bearing demand deposits 5,355,077 4,029,662 3,662,772 27,566 7,739 12,243 0.51 0.19 0.33 Wealth management deposits 2,827,497 2,361,412 2,001,716 29,750 4,534 5,883 1.05 0.19 0.29 Money market accounts 12,254,159 11,801,788 10,391,529 80,591 32,031 65,281 0.66 0.27 0.63 Savings accounts 4,014,166 3,734,162 3,354,662 11,234 1,583 12,507 0.28 0.04 0.37 Time deposits 3,812,148 4,447,871 5,142,938 26,061 42,232 93,264 0.68 0.95 1.81 Total interest-bearing deposits 28,263,047 26,374,895 24,553,617 175,202 88,119 189,178 0.62 0.33 0.77 FHLB advances 1,484,663 1,236,478 1,156,106 30,329 19,581 18,193 2.04 1.58 1.57 Other borrowings 485,820 514,657 496,693 14,294 9,928 12,773 2.94 1.93 2.57 Subordinated notes 437,139 436,697 436,275 22,004 21,983 21,961 5.03 5.03 5.03 Junior subordinated notes 253,566 253,566 253,566 10,252 10,916 11,008 4.10 4.25 4.27 Total interest-bearing liabilities 30,924,235 28,816,293 26,896,257 252,081 150,527 253,113 0.81 0.52 0.94 Non-interest-bearing deposits 13,667,879 12,638,518 9,432,090 Other liabilities 1,197,981 1,068,498 1,116,304 Equity 4,634,224 4,300,742 3,926,688 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 50,424,319 46,824,051 41,371,339 Interest rate spread (6) (8) 
 2.89 2.40 2.45 Less: fully taxable-equivalent adjustment (5,601) (3,601) (4,415) (0.02) (0.01) (0.01) Net free funds/contribution (7) 
 16,487,923 14,974,537 11,358,528 0.28 0.18 0.28 Net interest income/margin (GAAP) (8) 
 1,495,362 1,124,957 1,039,907 3.15 2.57 2.72 Fully taxable-equivalent adjustment 5,601 3,601 4,415 0.02 0.01 0.01 Net interest income/margin fully taxable-equivalent (non-GAAP) (8) 
 1,500,963 1,128,558 1,044,322 3.17 2.58 2.73 
 (1) Includes interest-bearing deposits from banks and securities purchased under resale agreements with original maturities of greater than three months. Cash equivalents include federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements with original maturities of three months or less. 
 (2) Investment securities includes investment securities classified as available-for-sale and held-to-maturity, and equity securities with readily determinable fair values. Equity securities without readily determinable fair values are included within other assets. 
 (3) Interest income on tax-advantaged loans, trading securities and investment securities reflects a tax-equivalent adjustment based on a marginal federal corporate tax rate in effect as of the applicable period. The total adjustments for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were 5.6 million, 3.6 million and 4.4 million, respectively. 
 (4) Other earning assets include brokerage customer receivables and trading account securities. 
 (5) Loans, net of unearned income, include non-accrual loans. 
 (6) Interest rate spread is the difference between the yield earned on earning assets and the rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities. 
 (7) Net free funds is the difference between total average earning assets and total average interest-bearing liabilities. The estimated contribution to net interest margin from net free funds is calculated using the rate paid for total interest-bearing liabilities. 
 (8) See Non-GAAP Financial Measures/Ratios for additional information on this performance ratio. 
 59 

Changes In Interest Income and Expense 
 
 The following table shows the dollar amount of changes in interest income and expense, on a fully taxable-equivalent basis (non-GAAP), by major categories of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities attributable to changes in volume or rate for the periods indicated: 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to 2021 2021 Compared to 2020 (In thousands) Change Due to Rate Change Due to Volume Total Change Change Due to Rate Change Due to Volume Total Change Interest income, FTE basis (non-GAAP) (1) 
 Interest-bearing deposits with banks, securities purchased under resale agreements and cash equivalents (2) 
 42,784 (1,213) 41,571 (5,490) 3,614 (1,876) Investment securities 20,461 44,858 65,319 (19,787) 15,246 (4,541) FHLB and FRB stock 771 784 1,555 (111) 287 176 Total liquidity management assets 64,016 44,429 108,445 (25,388) 19,147 (6,241) Other earning assets 376 (78) 298 (60) 194 134 Mortgage loans held-for-sale 7,282 (18,256) (10,974) 4,067 8,025 12,092 Loans, net of unearned income 242,242 133,948 376,190 (128,113) 103,778 (24,335) Total interest income 313,916 160,043 473,959 (149,494) 131,144 (18,350) Interest Expense Deposits interest-bearing: NOW and interest-bearing demand deposits 12,267 7,560 19,827 (4,935) 431 (4,504) Wealth management deposits 22,390 2,826 25,216 (2,065) 716 (1,349) Money market accounts 47,741 819 48,560 (40,578) 7,328 (33,250) Savings accounts 9,525 126 9,651 (12,158) 1,234 (10,924) Time deposits (11,612) (4,559) (16,171) (39,528) (11,504) (51,032) Total interest expense deposits 80,311 6,772 87,083 (99,264) (1,795) (101,059) FHLB advances 6,356 4,392 10,748 120 1,268 1,388 Other borrowings 4,949 (583) 4,366 (3,258) 413 (2,845) Subordinated notes 21 21 22 22 Junior subordinated notes (664) (664) (62) (30) (92) Total interest expense 90,952 10,602 101,554 (102,464) (122) (102,586) Less: fully taxable-equivalent adjustment (2,000) (2,000) 400 414 814 Net interest income (GAAP) (1) 
 220,964 149,441 370,405 (46,630) 131,680 85,050 Fully taxable-equivalent adjustment 2,000 2,000 (400) (414) (814) Net interest income, FTE basis (non-GAAP) (1) 
 222,964 149,441 372,405 (47,030) 131,266 84,236 
 (1) See Non-GAAP Financial Measures/Ratios for additional information on this performance ratio. 
 (2) Includes interest-bearing deposits from banks and securities purchased under resale agreements with original maturities of greater than three months. Cash equivalents include federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements with original maturities of three months or less. 
 
 The changes in net interest income are created by changes in both interest rates and volumes. In the table above, volume variances are computed using the change in volume multiplied by the previous year s rate. Rate variances are computed using the change in rate multiplied by the previous year s volume. The change in interest due to both rate and volume has been allocated between factors in proportion to the relationship of the absolute dollar amounts of the change in each. The change in interest due to an additional day resulting from the 2020 leap year has been allocated entirely to the change due to volume in 2021. 
 
 60 

Non-Interest Income 
 
 The following table presents non-interest income by category for 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021 
 2021 compared to 2020 
 (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Change Change Change Change Brokerage 17,668 20,710 18,731 (3,042) (15) 1,979 11 Trust and asset management 108,946 103,309 81,605 5,637 5 21,704 27 Total wealth management (1) 
 126,614 124,019 100,336 2,595 2 23,683 24 Mortgage banking 155,173 273,010 346,013 (117,837) (43) (73,003) (21) Service charges on deposit accounts 58,574 54,168 45,023 4,406 8 9,145 20 Losses on investment securities, net (20,427) (1,059) (1,926) (19,368) NM 867 (45) Fees from covered call options 14,133 3,673 2,292 10,460 NM 1,381 60 Trading gains (losses), net 3,752 245 (1,004) 3,507 NM 1,249 NM Operating lease income, net 55,510 53,691 47,604 1,819 3 6,087 13 Other: Interest rate swap fees 12,185 13,702 20,718 (1,517) (11) (7,016) (34) BOLI 806 5,812 4,730 (5,006) (86) 1,082 23 Administrative services 6,713 5,689 4,385 1,024 18 1,304 30 Foreign currency remeasurement gains (losses) 292 (495) (621) 787 NM 126 20 Early pay-offs of capital leases 694 601 632 93 15 (31) (5) Miscellaneous 47,034 53,064 36,007 (6,030) (11) 17,057 47 Total Other 
 67,724 78,373 65,851 (10,649) (14) 12,522 19 Total Non-Interest Income 461,053 586,120 604,189 (125,067) (21) (18,069) (3) 
 (1) Wealth management revenue is comprised of the trust and asset management revenue of the CTC and Great Lakes Advisors, the brokerage commissions, managed money fees and insurance product commissions at Wintrust Investments and fees from tax-deferred like-kind exchange services provided by CDEC. 
 NM Not Meaningful 
 
 Notable contributions to the change in non-interest income are as follows: 
 
 Trust and asset management fees increased from 2021 to 2022 primarily as a result of increased activity in the tax-deferred like-kind exchange services provided. Trust and asset management fees are based primarily on the market value of the assets under management or administration as well as volume of tax-deferred like-kind exchange services provided during a period. 
 
 Mortgage banking revenue decreased in 2022 as compared 2021 primarily as a result of a decrease in loans originated for sale and lower production margins, partially offset by more favorable fair value adjustments of MSRs. Mortgage banking revenue includes revenue from activities related to originating, selling and servicing residential real estate loans for the secondary market. A main factor in the mortgage banking revenue recognized by the Company is the volume of mortgage loans originated or purchased for sale. Mortgage loans originated for sale totaled 2.8 billion for the year ended 2022 compared to 6.8 billion for the same period of 2021. The decrease in originations was primarily due to rising interest rates reducing refinance incentives for borrowers. The percentage of origination volume from refinancing activities was 29 in 2022 as compared to 55 in 2021. 
 
 The Company records MSRs at fair value on a recurring basis. During 2022, the fair value of the MSRs portfolio increased as retained servicing rights led to capitalization of 46.2 million as well as a fair value adjustment of 60.1 million, partially offset by a reduction in value of 23.5 million due to payoffs and paydowns of the existing portfolio. See Note (6) Mortgage Servicing Rights MSRs to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for a summary of the changes in the carrying value of MSRs. 
 
 Mortgage banking revenue is also impacted by changes in the fair value of derivative contracts held to economically hedge a portion of the fair value adjustments related to the Company s MSRs portfolio. The change in fair value of the derivative contracts held as an economic hedge during 2022 was a 2.2 million negative valuation adjustment. 
 61 

The table below presents additional selected information regarding mortgage banking for the respective periods. 
 Years Ended December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Originations: Retail originations 1,978,609 5,104,277 5,709,868 Veterans First originations 820,391 1,699,500 2,294,862 Total originations for sale (A) 2,799,000 6,803,777 8,004,730 Originations for investment 944,389 931,169 396,499 Total originations 3,743,389 7,734,946 8,401,229 Retail originations as percentage of originations for sale 71 75 71 Veterans First originations as percentage of originations for sale 29 25 29 Purchases as a percentage of originations for sale 71 45 35 Refinances as a percentage of originations for sale 29 55 65 Production Margin: Production revenue (B) (1) 
 44,153 176,242 307,794 Total originations for sale (A) 2,799,000 6,803,777 8,004,730 Add: Current period end mandatory interest rate lock commitments to fund originations for sale (2) 
 113,303 353,509 1,072,717 Less: Prior period end mandatory interest rate lock commitments to fund originations for sale (2) 
 353,509 1,072,717 372,357 Total mortgage production volume (C) 2,558,794 6,084,569 8,705,090 Production margin (B / C) 1.73 2.90 3.54 Mortgage servicing: Loans serviced for others (D) 14,052,596 13,126,254 10,833,135 Mortgage servicing rights, at fair value (E) 230,225 147,571 92,081 Percentage of mortgage servicing rights to loans serviced for others (E/D) 1.64 1.12 0.85 Servicing income 44,080 40,686 31,886 Components of Mortgage Servicing Rights (MSR): MSR - current period capitalization 46,221 72,754 71,077 MSR - collection of expected cash flows - paydowns (6,213) (3,856) (2,244) MSR - collection of expected cash flows - payoffs (17,242) (30,932) (30,335) MSR - changes in fair value model assumptions 60,064 18,273 (30,764) Changes in fair value of derivative contract held as an economic hedge, net (2,165) 4,749 MSR valuation adjustment, net of changes in fair value of derivative contract held as an economic hedge 57,899 18,273 (26,015) Summary of Mortgage Banking Revenue: Production revenue (1) 
 44,153 176,242 307,794 Servicing income 44,080 40,686 31,886 MSR activity 80,665 56,239 12,483 Changes in fair value on early buy-out loans guaranteed by U.S. government agencies and other revenue (13,725) (157) (6,150) Total mortgage banking revenue 155,173 273,010 346,013 
 (1) Production revenue represents revenue earned from the origination and subsequent sale of mortgages, including gains on loans sold and fees from originations, changes in other related financial instruments carried at fair value, processing and other related activities, and excludes servicing fees, changes in the fair value of servicing rights and changes to the mortgage recourse obligation and other non-production revenue. 
 (2) Certain volume adjusted for the estimated pull-through rate of the loan, which represents the Company s best estimate of the likelihood that a committed loan will ultimately fu nd. 
 62 

Service charges on deposit accounts increased in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily as a result of higher fees associated with commercial account activity. 
 
 Net losses on investment securities in 2022 were primarily the result of unrealized losses on equity investments. The Company did not recognize any credit-related write-downs or other-than-temporary impairment charges within its available-for-sale or held-to-maturity investment securities portfolio in 2022 or 2021, respectively. 
 
 The Company has typically written call options with terms of less than three months against certain U.S. Treasury and agency securities held in its portfolio for liquidity and other purposes. Management has effectively entered into these transactions with the goal of economically hedging security positions and enhancing its overall return on its investment portfolio. These option transactions are designed to increase the total return associated with holding certain investment securities and do not qualify as hedges pursuant to accounting guidance. There were no outstanding call option contracts at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Trading gains and losses in 2022 were primarily the result of fair value adjustments related to interest rate derivatives not designated as hedges. 
 
 Bank owned life insurance BOLI decreased in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily as a result of death benefits received in 2021. This income typically represents adjustments to the cash surrender value of BOLI policies and proceeds received from death benefits. The Company initially purchased BOLI to consolidate existing term life insurance contracts of executive officers and to mitigate the mortality risk associated with death benefits provided for in executive employment contracts and in connection with certain deferred compensation arrangements. The Company has also assumed additional BOLI policies as the result of the acquisition of certain banks. The cash surrender value of BOLI totaled 157.3 million at December 31, 2022 and 157.7 million at December 31, 2021, and is included in other assets. 
 
 Miscellaneous non-interest income includes loan servicing fees, income from other investments, service charges and other fees. The decrease in miscellaneous other income for 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily the result of 2.5 million of losses recorded in 2022 relating to the sale of a property no longer considered for future expansion and losses on the anticipated sale of a former data processing facility as well as a decrease in partnership income of 2.0 million partially offset by the 4.0 million net gain on the sale of three branches recorded in 2021. 
 63 

Non-Interest Expense 
 
 The following table presents non-interest expense by category for 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021 2021 compared to 2020 (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Change Change Change Change Salaries and employee benefits: Salaries 382,181 361,915 351,775 20,266 6 10,140 3 Commissions and incentive compensation 197,873 222,067 178,584 (24,194) (11) 43,483 24 Benefits 116,053 107,687 95,717 8,366 8 11,970 13 Total salaries and employee benefits 
 696,107 691,669 626,076 4,438 1 65,593 10 Software and equipment 95,885 87,515 68,496 8,370 10 19,019 28 Operating lease equipment 38,008 40,880 37,915 (2,872) (7) 2,965 8 Occupancy, net 70,965 74,184 69,957 (3,219) (4) 4,227 6 Data processing 31,209 27,279 30,196 3,930 14 (2,917) (10) Advertising and marketing 59,418 47,275 36,296 12,143 26 10,979 30 Professional fees 33,088 29,494 27,426 3,594 12 2,068 8 Amortization of other acquisition-related intangible assets 6,116 7,734 11,018 (1,618) (21) (3,284) (30) FDIC insurance 28,639 27,030 25,004 1,609 6 2,026 8 OREO expenses, net (140) (1,654) (921) 1,514 (92) (733) 80 Other: Lending expenses, net of deferred origination costs 20,575 22,794 16,068 (2,219) (10) 6,726 42 Travel and entertainment 16,506 10,048 7,376 6,458 64 2,672 36 Miscellaneous 80,895 68,296 85,188 12,599 18 (16,892) (20) Total other 117,976 101,138 108,632 16,838 17 (7,494) (7) Total Non-Interest Expense 1,177,271 1,132,544 1,040,095 44,727 4 92,449 9 
 
 Notable contributions to the change in non-interest expense are as follows: 
 
 Salaries and employee benefits is the largest component of non-interest expense, accounting for 59 of the total in 2022 compared to 61 in 2021. Salaries and employee benefits increased in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily as a result of increased salaries and benefits expense, partially offset by decreased commissions and incentive compensation expense primarily due to lower commission expense due to declining mortgage production. 
 
 Software and equipment expense increased in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily as a result of increased software licensing expenses as the Company invests in enhancements to the digital customer experience, upgrades to infrastructure and enhancements to information security capabilities. Software and equipment expense includes furniture, equipment and computer software, depreciation and repairs and maintenance costs. 
 
 Advertising and marketing costs are incurred to promote the Company s brand, commercial banking capabilities, the Company s MaxSafe suite of products, community-based products, to attract loans and deposits and to announce new branch openings as well as the expansion of the Company s non-bank businesses. The increase in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily as a result of higher digital advertising costs as well as increased sponsorship activity. The level of marketing expenditures depends on the type of marketing programs utilized which are determined based on the market area, targeted audience, competition and various other factors. Management continues to utilize mass market media promotions as well as targeted marketing programs in certain market areas. 
 
 Miscellaneous non-interest expense includes ATM expenses, correspondent banking charges, directors fees, telephone, postage, corporate insurance, dues and subscriptions, problem loan expenses and other miscellaneous operational losses and costs. Miscellaneous non-interest expense increased in 2022 as compared to 2021 primarily as a result of various other operational costs including an increase in third-party check and ACH fraud of 3.5 million, an increase in postage of 2.5 million and an increase of 1.5 million in non-income tax expense. 
 
 64 

Income Taxes 
 
 The Company recorded income tax expense of 190.9 million in 2022 compared to 171.6 million in 2021 and 96.8 million 2020. The effective tax rates were 27.2 in 2022, 26.9 in 2021 and 24.8 in 2020. The effective tax rate in 2020 benefited from 9.1 million in state income tax settlements related to uncertain tax positions. Net of the federal tax impact, the reduction to income tax expense was 7.2 million. The effective tax rate in 2022 is slightly higher due to the Company s income tax expense being impacted by a reduction in federal tax credits claimed versus the comparable periods. Income tax expense was also impacted by the tax effects related to the issuance of shares in share-based compensation plans. These tax effects fluctuate based on the Company s stock price and timing of employee stock option exercises and vesting of other share based awards. The Company recorded a tax benefit related to share-based compensation of 2.9 million in 2022, a tax benefit of 2.4 million 2021, and tax expense of 618,000 in 2020, the majority of which were recognized in the first quarter in each year. Please refer to Note (17) Income Taxes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for further discussion and analysis of the Company s tax position, including a reconciliation of the tax expense computed at the statutory tax rate to the Company s actual tax expense. 

Operating Segment Results 
 
 As described in Note (24) Segment Information to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8, the Company s operations consist of three primary segments: community banking, specialty finance and wealth management. The Company s profitability is primarily dependent on the net interest income, provision for credit losses, non-interest income and operating expenses of its community banking segment. For purposes of internal segment profitability, management allocates certain intersegment and parent company balances. Management allocates a portion of revenues to the specialty finance segment related to loans and leases originated by the specialty finance segment and sold or assigned to the community banking segment. Similarly, for purposes of analyzing the contribution from the wealth management segment, management allocates a portion of the net interest income earned by the community banking segment on deposit balances of customers of the wealth management segment to the wealth management segment. Finally, expenses incurred at the Wintrust parent company are allocated to each segment based on each segment s risk-weighted assets. 
 
 The community banking segment s net interest income for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 1.2 billion as compared to 868.5 million for the same period in 2021, an increase of 311.7 million, or 36 . The increase in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily attributable to increased interest and fees on loans due to loan growth and increased interest rates, partially offset by increased interest expense on deposit s . The community banking segment recorded a provision for credit losses of 74.2 million in 2022 compared to the negative provision for credit losses of 60.3 million in 2021. The provision for credit losses increased in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to deterioration in the macroeconomic forecast and loan growth compared to 2021. Non-interest income for the community banking segment decreased 124.1 million, or 29 in 2022 when compared to 2021. The decrease in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily the result of reduced mortgage banking revenue due to lower originations for sale and lower gain on sale margin, partially offset by the increase in the fair value of MSRs related to changes in fair value model assumptions. The community banking segment s net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 349.3 million, an increase of 30.3 million, compared to net income of 319.1 million in 2021. The increase was primarily attributable to higher net interest income in 2022 partially offset by increased provision for credit losses and reduced mortgage banking revenue, as discussed above. 
 
 The specialty finance segment s net interest income totaled 246.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 198.0 million in the same period of 2021, an increase of 48.7 million, or 25 . The increase in 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily attributable to loan growth and increased interest rates on the premium finance receivables portfolios. The specialty finance segment s provision for credit losses totaled 4.4 million in 2022 compared to 1.0 million in 2021 primarily due to deterioration in the macroeconomic forecast and loan growth compared to 2021. The specialty finance segment s non-interest income increased slightly to 97.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 95.8 million in 2021. For 2022, our commercial premium finance operations, life insurance premium finance operations, leasing operations and accounts receivable finance operations accounted for 42 , 30 , 24 and 4 , respectively, of the total revenues of our specialty finance business. Net income of the specialty finance segment totaled 120.9 million and 109.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The wealth management segment reported net interest income of 38.3 million for 2022 and 31.9 million for 2021. Net interest income for this segment is primarily comprised of an allocation of net interest income earned by the community banking segment on non-interest bearing and interest-bearing wealth management customer account balances on deposit at the banks. Wealth management customer account balances on deposit at the banks averaged 2.8 billion and 2.4 billion in 2022 and 2021, respectively. This segment recorded non-interest income of 124.6 million for 2022 as compared to 129.0 million for 2021. Distribution of wealth management services through each bank continues to be a focus of the Company as the number of brokers in its banks continues to increase. The Company is committed to growing the wealth management segment in order to better service its customers and create a more diversified revenue stream. The wealth management segment reported net income of 39.4 million for 2022 compared to 37.9 million for 2021. 
 65 

Analysis of Financial Condition 
 
 Total assets were 52.9 billion at December 31, 2022, representing an increase of 2.8 billion, or 6 , when compared to December 31, 2021. Total funding, which includes deposits, all notes and advances, including secured borrowings and junior subordinated debentures, was 46.5 billion at December 31, 2022 and 44.5 billion at December 31, 2021. See Notes (3), (4), and (10) through (14) to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for additional period-end detail on the Company s interest-earning assets and funding liabilities. 
 
 Interest-Earning Assets 
 
 The following table sets forth, by category, the composition of average earning assets and the relative percentage of each category to total average earning assets for the periods presented: 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Balance Percent Balance Percent Balance Percent Mortgage loans held-for-sale 496,088 1 959,457 2 707,147 2 Loans: Commercial 11,897,776 25 11,746,381 27 10,954,203 29 Commercial real estate 9,432,526 20 8,696,887 20 8,279,217 22 Home equity 327,506 1 371,425 1 466,801 1 Residential real estate 1,968,333 4 1,455,883 3 1,192,788 3 Premium finance receivables 12,993,677 27 10,734,726 24 9,214,797 24 Other loans 64,710 0 45,741 0 73,398 0 Total loans, net of unearned income (1) 
 36,684,528 77 33,051,043 75 30,181,204 79 Liquidity management assets (2) 
 10,209,151 22 9,755,234 23 7,348,571 19 Other earning assets (3) 
 22,391 0 25,096 0 17,863 0 Total average earning assets 47,412,158 100 43,790,830 100 38,254,785 100 Total average assets 50,424,319 46,824,051 41,371,339 Total average earning assets to total average assets 94 94 92 
 (1) Includes non-accrual loans. 
 (2) Liquidity management assets include investment securities, other securities, interest-earning deposits with banks, federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements. 
 (3) Other earning assets include brokerage customer receivables and trading account securities. 
 
 Total average earning assets increased 3.6 billion, or 8 , in 2022. Average earning assets comprised 94 of average total assets in 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Mortgage loans held-for-sale. Average mortgage loans held-for-sale totaled 496.1 million in 2022, compared to 959.5 million in 2021. These balances represent mortgage loans awaiting subsequent sale in the secondary market with such sales eliminating the interest-rate risk associated with these loans, as they are predominantly long-term fixed rate loans, and provides a source of non-interest revenue. The decrease in average balance from 2021 to 2022 was primarily due to lower mortgage origination production balances, as well as the transfer to held-for-investment classification for certain loans previously repurchased by the Company under the early buyout option available for loans sold to Government National Mortgage Association GNMA with servicing retained. See Loan Portfolio and Asset Quality section later in this Item 7 for additional discussion of these early buyout options. 
 
 Loans, net of unearned income. Average total loans, net of unearned income, totaled 36.7 billion and increased 3.6 billion, or 11 , in 2022. Average commercial loans, including PPP loans, totaled 11.9 billion in 2022, and increased 151.4 million, or 1 , over the average balance in 2021. Average commercial PPP loans totaled 158.5 million in 2022 and decreased 1.9 billion, or 92 , compared to the average balance in 2021 due to forgiveness payments received on such loans administered by the SBA in 2022. Excluding the impact of PPP loans, growth realized in this category for 2022 as compared to 2021 was primarily attributable to increased business development efforts. Average commercial real estate loans totaled 9.4 billion in 2022, increasing 735.6 million, or 8 , since 2021. Combined, these categories comprised 58 and 62 of the average loan 
 66 

portfolio in 2022 and 2021, respectively. The growth realized in these categories for 2022 is primarily attributable to increased business development efforts during the period. 
 
 Home equity loans averaged 327.5 million in 2022, and decreased 43.9 million, or 12 , when compared to the average balance in 2021. Unused commitments on home equity lines of credit totaled 796.9 million at December 31, 2022 and 749.4 million at December 31, 2021. The decrease in the home equity loan portfolio was primarily the result of borrowers preferring to finance through longer term, low rate mortgage loans prior to rising interest rates in 2022. The Company has been actively managing its home equity portfolio to ensure that diligent pricing, appraisal and other underwriting activities continue to exist. 
 
 Residential real estate loans averaged 2.0 billion in 2022, and increased 512.5 million, or 35 , from the average balance in 2021. The increase in average balance was partially due to the Company deciding to allocate more balances from its mortgage production for investment instead of for subsequent sale and servicing in the secondary market. 
 
 Average premium finance receivables totaled 13.0 billion in 2022, and accounted for 35 of the Company s average total loans. In 2022, average premium finance receivables increased 2.3 billion, or 21 , compared to 2021. The increase during 2022 was the result of effective marketing and customer servicing as well as continued originations within the portfolio due to hardening insurance market conditions driving a higher average size of new property and casualty insurance premium finance receivables. Approximately 15.4 billion of premium finance receivables were originated in 2022 compared to approximately 12.8 billion in 2021. 
 
 Other loans represent a wide variety of personal and consumer loans to individuals. Consumer loans generally have shorter terms and higher interest rates than mortgage loans but generally involve more credit risk due to the type and nature of the collateral. 
 
 Liquidity Management Assets. Funds that are not utilized for loan originations are used to purchase investment securities and short-term money market investments, to sell as federal funds and to maintain in interest-bearing deposits with banks. Average liquidity management assets accounted for 22 and 23 of total average earning assets in 2022 and 2021, respectively. Average liquidity management assets increased 453.9 million in 2022 compared to 2021. The balances of these assets can fluctuate based on management s ongoing effort to manage liquidity and for asset liability management purposes. The Company will continue to prudently evaluate and utilize liquidity sources as needed, including the management of availability with the FHLB and FRB and utilization of the revolving credit facility with unaffiliated banks. 
 
 Other earning assets. Other earning assets include brokerage customer receivables and trading account securities. In the normal course of business, Wintrust Investments activities involve the execution, settlement, and financing of various securities transactions. Wintrust Investments customer securities activities are transacted on either a cash or margin basis. In margin transactions, Wintrust Investments, under an agreement with the out-sourced securities firm, extends credit to its customer, subject to various regulatory and internal margin requirements, collateralized by cash and securities in customer s accounts. In connection with these activities, Wintrust Investments executes and the out-sourced firm clears customer transactions relating to the sale of securities not yet purchased, substantially all of which are transacted on a margin basis subject to individual exchange regulations. Such transactions may expose Wintrust Investments to off-balance-sheet risk, particularly in volatile trading markets, in the event margin requirements are not sufficient to fully cover losses that customers may incur. In the event a customer fails to satisfy its obligations, Wintrust Investments under an agreement with the out-sourced securities firm, may be required to purchase or sell financial instruments at prevailing market prices to fulfill the customer's obligations. Wintrust Investments seeks to control the risks associated with its customers activities by requiring customers to maintain margin collateral in compliance with various regulatory and internal guidelines. Wintrust Investments monitors required margin levels daily and, pursuant to such guidelines, requires customers to deposit additional collateral or to reduce positions when necessary. 

Investment Securities Portfolio 
 
 Supplemental Statistical Data 
 
 The following statistical information is provided in accordance with the requirements of Regulation S-K as promulgated by the SEC. This data should be read in conjunction with the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto, and Management s Discussion and Analysis which are contained in Item 8 and Item 7, respectively, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

67 

The following table presents the amortized cost and fair value of the Company s investment securities portfolios, by investment category, as of December 31, 2022, and 2021: 
 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 Amortized Cost Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value Available-for-sale securities U.S. Treasury 14,943 14,948 U.S. government agencies 80,000 74,222 50,158 52,507 Municipal 173,861 168,655 161,618 165,594 Corporate notes: Financial issuers 93,994 84,703 96,878 94,697 Other 1,000 1,002 1,000 1,007 Mortgage-backed: (1) 
 Mortgage-backed securities 3,308,494 2,819,937 1,901,005 1,907,981 Collateralized mortgage obligations 97,342 79,550 105,710 106,007 Total available-for-sale securities 3,769,634 3,243,017 2,316,369 2,327,793 Held-to-maturity securities U.S. government agencies 339,614 264,321 180,192 177,079 Municipal 179,027 175,438 187,486 196,807 Mortgage-backed: (1) 
 Mortgage-backed securities 2,900,031 2,316,349 2,530,730 2,483,972 Collateralized mortgage obligations 164,151 140,829 Corporate notes 58,232 52,884 43,955 42,836 Total held-to-maturity securities 3,641,055 2,949,821 2,942,363 2,900,694 Less: Allowance for credit losses (488) (78) Held-to-maturity securities, net of allowance for credit losses 3,640,567 2,942,285 Equity securities with readily determinable fair value 115,552 110,365 86,989 90,511 
 (1) Consisting entirely of residential mortgage-backed securities, none of which are subprime. 
 68 

Tables presenting the carrying amounts and gross unrealized gains and losses for securities at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are included by reference to Note (3) Investment Securities to the Consolidated Financial Statements presented under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following table presents the carrying value of the investment securities portfolios as of December 31, 2022, by maturity distribution. Carrying value represents the fair value of investment securities classified as available-for-sale, the amortized cost of those classified as held-to-maturity and the fair value of equity securities with readily determinable fair values. 
 (In thousands) Within 1 year From 1 to 5 years From 5 to 10 years After 10 years Mortgage- backed Equity Securities Total Available-for-sale securities U.S. Treasury 14,948 14,948 U.S. government agencies 30,036 44,186 74,222 Municipal 63,417 59,838 32,108 13,292 168,655 Corporate notes: Financial issuers 9,872 1,863 72,968 84,703 Other 1,002 1,002 Mortgage-backed: (1) 
 Mortgage-backed securities 2,819,937 2,819,937 Collateralized mortgage obligations 79,550 79,550 Total available-for-sale securities 119,275 61,701 105,076 57,478 2,899,487 3,243,017 Held-to-maturity securities U.S. government agencies 1,794 1,018 336,802 339,614 Municipal 1,340 49,642 99,337 28,708 179,027 Corporate notes: Financial issuers 43,269 14,963 58,232 Mortgage-backed: (1) 
 Mortgage-backed securities 2,900,031 2,900,031 Collateralized mortgage obligations 164,151 164,151 Total held-to-maturity securities 1,340 94,705 115,318 365,510 3,064,182 3,641,055 Less: Allowance for credit losses (488) Held-to-maturity securities, net of allowance for credit losses 3,640,567 Equity securities with readily determinable fair value 110,365 110,365 
 (1) Consisting entirely of residential mortgage-backed securities, none of which are subprime. 
 
 69 

The weighted average yield for each range of maturities of securities, on a tax-equivalent basis, is shown below as of December 31, 2022: 
 Within 1 year From 1 to 5 years From 5 to 10 years After 10 years Mortgage- backed Equity Securities Total Available-for-sale securities U.S. Treasury 4.40 4.40 U.S. government agencies 5.10 3.81 4.33 Municipal 3.32 2.75 3.35 3.95 3.17 Corporate notes: Financial issuers 3.12 5.28 4.03 3.95 Other 5.89 5.89 Mortgage-backed: (1) 
 Mortgage-backed securities 2.75 2.75 Collateralized mortgage obligations 2.00 2.00 Total available-for-sale securities 3.91 2.82 3.82 3.84 2.73 2.83 Held-to-maturity securities U.S. government agencies 2.56 2.62 3.12 3.11 Municipal 3.80 3.92 4.19 4.29 4.13 Corporate notes: Financial issuers 0.90 6.37 2.30 Mortgage-backed: (1) 
 Mortgage-backed securities 2.19 2.19 Collateralized mortgage obligations 2.67 2.67 Total held-to-maturity securities 3.80 2.51 4.46 3.21 2.22 2.40 Equity securities with readily determinable fair value 0.50 0.50 
 (1) Consisting entirely of residential mortgage-backed securities, none of which are subprime. 
 70 

Loan Portfolio and Asset Quality 

Loan Portfolio 
 
 The following table shows the Company s loan portfolio by category as of December 31 for the current and previous fiscal years: 
 
 2022 2021 of of (Dollars in thousands) Amount Total Amount Total Commercial 12,549,164 32 11,904,068 34 Commercial real estate 9,950,947 25 8,990,286 26 Home equity 332,698 1 335,155 1 Residential real estate 2,372,383 6 1,637,099 5 Premium finance receivables property casualty 5,849,459 15 4,855,487 14 Premium finance receivables life insurance 8,090,998 21 7,042,810 20 Consumer and other 50,836 0 24,199 0 Total loans, net of unearned income 39,196,485 100 34,789,104 100 
 
 Commercial and commercial real estate loans. Our commercial and commercial real estate loan portfolios are comprised primarily of commercial real estate loans and lines of credit for working capital purposes. The table below sets forth information regarding the types, amounts and performance of our loans within these portfolios as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 As of December 31, 2021 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Balance of Total Balance Allowance For Credit Losses Allocation Balance of Total Balance Allowance For Credit Losses Allocation Commercial: Commercial, industrial and other, excluding PPP 12,520,241 55.6 142,769 11,345,785 54.3 119,305 Commercial PPP 28,923 0.1 0 558,283 2.7 2 Total commercial 12,549,164 55.7 142,769 11,904,068 57.0 119,307 Commercial Real Estate: Construction and development 1,486,930 6.6 75,907 1,356,204 6.5 35,206 Non-construction 8,464,017 37.7 108,445 7,634,082 36.5 109,377 Total commercial real estate 9,950,947 44.3 184,352 8,990,286 43.0 144,583 Total commercial and commercial real estate 22,500,111 100.0 327,121 20,894,354 100.0 263,890 Commercial real estate collateral location by state: Illinois 6,628,968 66.6 6,324,037 70.3 Wisconsin 864,479 8.7 775,647 8.6 Total primary markets 7,493,447 75.3 7,099,684 78.9 Indiana 337,713 3.4 334,090 3.7 Florida 280,397 2.8 162,516 1.8 Colorado 207,234 2.1 90,632 1.0 Texas 161,797 1.6 155,982 1.7 California 140,853 1.4 118,236 1.3 Michigan 135,861 1.4 84,924 0.9 Other 1,193,645 12.0 944,222 10.7 Total 9,950,947 100.0 8,990,286 100.0 
 
 We make commercial loans for many purposes, including working capital lines, which are generally renewable annually and supported by business assets, personal guarantees and additional collateral. Such loans may vary in size based on customer need. Commercial business lending is generally considered to involve a slightly higher degree of risk than traditional consumer bank lending. Primarily as a result of growth in the portfolio and deteriorating macroeconomic conditions and expectations between the two reporting dates primarily related to the Baa credit spread, our allowance for credit losses in our commercial loan portfolio increased to 142.8 million as of December 31, 2022 compared to 119.3 million as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Our commercial real estate loans are generally secured by a first mortgage lien and assignment of rents on the property. Since most of our bank branches are located in the Chicago metropolitan area and southern Wisconsin, 75.3 of our commercial real 
 71 

estate loan portfolio is located in this region as of December 31, 2022. We have been able to effectively manage our total non-performing commercial real estate loans. As of December 31, 2022, our allowance for credit losses related to this portfolio was 184.4 million compared to 144.6 million as of December 31, 2021. The increase in the allowance for credit losses is primarily due to portfolio growth and the impact on the Company s loan loss modeling from deteriorating macroeconomic conditions and expectations between the two reporting dates primarily related to the Commercial Real Estate Price Index. 
 
 The Company also participates in mortgage warehouse lending which is included above within commercial, industrial and other, by providing interim funding to unaffiliated mortgage bankers to finance residential mortgages originated by such bankers for sale into the secondary market. The Company s loans to the mortgage bankers are secured by the business assets of the mortgage companies as well as the specific mortgage loans funded by the Company, after they have been pre-approved for purchase by third party end lenders. The Company may also provide interim financing for packages of mortgage loans on a bulk basis in circumstances where the mortgage bankers desire to competitively bid on a number of mortgages for sale as a package in the secondary market. Amounts advanced with respect to any particular mortgage loan are usually required to be repaid within 21 days. 
 
 Home equity loans. The Company s home equity loans and lines of credit are primarily originated by each of the bank subsidiaries in their local markets where there is a strong understanding of the underlying real estate value. The Company s banks monitor and manage these loans, and conduct an automated review of all home equity lines of credit at least twice per year. This review collects FICO and Bankruptcy scores for each home equity borrower and identifies situations where the credit strength of the borrower is declining. When other specific events occur that may influence repayment, information such as tax liens or judgments is collected. The bank subsidiaries use this information to manage loans that may be higher risk and to determine whether to obtain additional credit information or updated property valuations. In a limited number of cases, the Company may issue home equity credit together with first mortgage financing, and requests for such financing are evaluated on a combined basis. 
 
 The rates we offer on new home equity lending are based on several factors, including appraisals and valuation due diligence, in order to reflect inherent risk, and we place additional scrutiny on larger home equity requests. It is not our practice to advance more than 85 of the appraised value of the underlying asset, which ratio we refer to as the loan-to-value ratio, or LTV ratio, and a majority of the credit we previously extended, when issued, had an LTV ratio of less than 80 . Our home equity loan portfolio has performed well in light of the ongoing volatility in the overall residential real estate market. 
 
 Residential real estate. The Company s residential real estate portfolio includes one- to four-family adjustable rate mortgages, construction loans to individuals and bridge financing loans for qualifying customers as well as certain long-term fixed rate loans. As of December 31, 2022, our residential loan portfolio totaled 2.4 billion, or 6 of our total outstanding loans. 
 
 Our adjustable rate mortgages are often non-agency conforming. Adjustable rate mortgage loans decrease the interest rate risk we face on our mortgage portfolio. However, this risk is not eliminated due to the fact that such loans generally provide for periodic and lifetime limits on the interest rate adjustments among other features. Additionally, adjustable rate mortgages may pose a higher risk of delinquency and default because they require borrowers to make larger payments when interest rates rise. As of December 31, 2022, excluding early buyout loans guaranteed by U.S. government agencies, 10.2 million of our residential real estate mortgages, or 0.5 of our residential real estate loan portfolio were classified as nonaccrual, no balances were 90 or more days past due and still accruing, 14.3 million were 30 to 89 days past due or 0.6 and 2.2 billion were current or 98.9 . We believe that since our loan portfolio consists primarily of locally originated loans, and since the majority of our borrowers are longer-term customers with lower LTV ratios, we face a relatively low risk of borrower default and delinquency. 
 
 Due to interest rate risk considerations, the Company generally sells in the secondary market loans originated with long-term fixed rates, for which we receive fee income. The Company also selectively retains certain of these loans within the banks own loan portfolios where they are non-agency conforming, or where the terms of the loans make them favorable to retain. A portion of the loans we sold into the secondary market were sold with the servicing of those loans retained. The amount of loans serviced for others as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 14.1 billion and 13.1 billion, respectively. All other mortgage loans sold into the secondary market were sold without the retention of servicing rights. 
 
 The GNMA optional repurchase programs allow financial institutions acting as servicers to buyout individual delinquent mortgage loans that meet certain criteria from the securitized loan pool for which the institution was the original transferor of such loans. At the option of the servicer and without prior authorization from GNMA, the servicer may repurchase such delinquent loans for an amount equal to the remaining principal balance of the loan. Under FASB ASC Topic 860, Transfers and Servicing, this early buyout option is considered a conditional option until the delinquency criteria are met, at which time the option becomes unconditional. When the Company is deemed to have regained effective control over these loans under the 
 72 

unconditional repurchase option and the expected benefit of the potential repurchase is more than trivial, the loans can no longer be reported as sold and must be brought back onto the balance sheet as loans at fair value, regardless of whether the Company intends to exercise the early buyout option. These rebooked loans are reported as loans held-for-investment, part of the residential real estate portfolio, with the offsetting liability being reported in accrued interest payable and other liabilities. When the early buyout option on these rebooked GNMA loans is exercised, the repurchased loans continue to be carried at fair value. Additionally, such loans typically transfer to mortgage loans held-for-sale at the time of early buyout as the Company s intent is to cure and resell such loans subsequent to repurchase from GNMA. If such intent to cure and resell changes subsequent to early buyout, the Company reclassifies such loans as held-for-investment. Early buyout loan classified as held-for-investment totaled 164.8 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 30.8 million at December 31, 2021. Such loans consist of both the rebooked GNMA loans and the early buyout exercised loans classified as held-for-investment discussed above. Rebooked GNMA loans held-for-investment amounted to 80.7 million at December 31, 2022, compared to 22.7 million at December 31, 2021. The increase in balance from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 was the result of higher delinquencies between periods and less frequent exercising of the early buyout option by the Company. As of December 31, 2022, early buyout exercised loans held-for-investment totaled 84.1 million compared to 8.1 million as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, early buyout exercised mortgage loans held-for-sale totaled 143.6 million and 344.8 million, respectively. The decline in early buyout exercised mortgage loans held-for-sale relative to the prior year is primarily due to the resale of mortgage loans to GNMA as well as the reclassification of certain loans to held-for-investment classification due to an inability to resell due to continued delinquency. 
 
 It is not the Company s current practice to underwrite, and there are no plans to underwrite subprime, Alt A, no or little documentation loans, or option ARM loans. As of December 31, 2022, none of our mortgage loans consist of interest-only loans. 
 
 Premium finance receivables property casualty. FIRST Insurance Funding and FIFC Canada originated approximately 13.6 billion in property and casualty insurance premium finance receivables during 2022 as compared to approximately 11.3 billion in 2021. FIRST Insurance Funding and FIFC Canada makes loans to businesses to finance the insurance premiums they pay on their property and casualty insurance policies. The loans are indirectly originated by working through independent medium and large insurance agents and brokers located throughout the United States and Canada. The insurance premiums financed are primarily for commercial customers purchases of liability, property and casualty and other commercial insurance. This lending involves relatively rapid turnover of the loan portfolio and high volume of loan originations. The Company performs ongoing credit and other reviews of the agents and brokers, and performs various internal audit steps to mitigate against the risk of any fraud. The majority of these loans are purchased by the banks in order to more fully utilize their lending capacity as these loans generally provide the banks with higher yields than alternative investments. 
 
 Premium finance receivables life insurance. Wintrust Life Finance originated approximately 1.8 billion in life insurance premium finance receivables in 2022 as compared to 1.6 billion in 2021. The Company continues to experience a high level of competition and pricing pressure within the current market. These loans are originated directly with the borrowers with assistance from life insurance carriers, independent insurance agents, financial advisors and legal counsel. The life insurance policy is the primary form of collateral. In addition, these loans often are secured with a letter of credit, marketable securities or certificates of deposit. In some cases, Wintrust Life Finance may make a loan that has a partially unsecured position. 
 
 Consumer and other. Included in the consumer and other loan category is a wide variety of personal and consumer loans to individuals. The Company originates consumer loans in order to provide a wider range of financial services to its customers. Consumer loans generally have shorter terms and higher interest rates than mortgage loans but generally involve more credit risk than mortgage loans due to the type and nature of the collateral. 
 
 Foreign. The Company had approximately 745.6 million of loans to businesses with operations in foreign countries as of December 31, 2022 compared to 677.0 million at December 31, 2021. This balance as of December 31, 2022 consists of loans originated by FIFC Canada. 
 
 Loan Concentrations 
 
 Loan concentrations are considered to exist when there are amounts loaned to multiple borrowers engaged in similar activities which would cause them to be similarly impacted by economic or other conditions. The Company had no concentrations of loans exceeding 10 of total loans at December 31, 2022, except for loans included in the specialty finance operating segment, which are diversified throughout the United States and Canada. 

73 

Maturities and Sensitivities of Loans to Changes in Interest Rates 
 
 The following table classifies the loan portfolio at December 31, 2022 by date at which the loans reprice or mature, and the type of rate exposure: 
 (In thousands) One year or less From one to five years From five to fifteen years After fifteen years Total Commercial Fixed rate 555,594 2,534,527 1,592,024 12,925 4,695,070 Variable rate 7,852,693 1,352 49 7,854,094 Total commercial 8,408,287 2,535,879 1,592,073 12,925 12,549,164 Commercial real estate Fixed rate 430,152 2,744,033 607,770 46,352 3,828,307 Variable rate 6,102,383 20,257 6,122,640 Total commercial real estate 6,532,535 2,764,290 607,770 46,352 9,950,947 Home equity Fixed rate 11,960 3,185 144 15,289 Variable rate 317,409 317,409 Total home equity 329,369 3,185 144 332,698 Residential real estate Fixed rate 20,048 3,960 30,245 1,032,018 1,086,271 Variable rate 63,242 238,405 984,465 1,286,112 Total residential real estate 83,290 242,365 1,014,710 1,032,018 2,372,383 Premium finance receivables - property casualty Fixed rate 5,695,585 153,874 5,849,459 Variable rate Total premium finance receivables - property casualty 5,695,585 153,874 5,849,459 Premium finance receivables - life insurance Fixed rate 91,363 470,117 22,185 583,665 Variable rate 7,507,333 7,507,333 Total premium finance receivables - life insurance 7,598,696 470,117 22,185 8,090,998 Consumer and other Fixed rate 12,335 5,032 11 482 17,860 Variable rate 32,976 32,976 Total consumer and other 45,311 5,032 11 482 50,836 Total per category Fixed rate 6,817,037 5,914,728 2,252,235 1,091,921 16,075,921 Variable rate 21,876,036 260,014 984,514 23,120,564 Total loans, net of unearned income 28,693,073 6,174,742 3,236,749 1,091,921 39,196,485 Variable Rate Loan Pricing by Index: Prime 3,850,970 One- month LIBOR 3,349,999 Three- month LIBOR 122,551 Twelve- month LIBOR 3,582,952 One- year CMT 3,812,549 Other U.S. Treasury tenors 84,837 SOFR tenors 7,670,959 Ameribor tenors 336,618 BSBY tenors 39,185 Other 269,944 Total variable rate 23,120,564 
 CMT - Constant Maturity Treasury Rate 
 Ameribor - American Interbank Offered Rate 
 BSBY - Bloomberg Short Term Bank Yield Index 
 
 74 

With its ongoing transition from LIBOR, the Company increased the portion of its loan portfolio with interest rate indices that are an alternative to LIBOR during the period, including emerging indices such as SOFR, Ameribor, and BSBY. As shown above, at December 31, 2022, variable rate loans with loans priced at SOFR, Ameribor, and BSBY totaled 7.7 billion, 336.6 million and 39.2 million, respectively. Additionally, the percentage of the Company s variable rate loans indexed to LIBOR decreased to 31 at December 31, 2022 compared to 77 at December 31, 2021. The Company continues its transition of its loan portfolio from LIBOR for both loans existing at December 31, 2022 and future new originations. 

Past Due Loans and Non-Performing Assets 
 
 The Company s ability to manage credit risk depends in large part on its ability to properly identify and manage problem loans. To do so, the Company operates a credit risk rating system under which credit management personnel assign a credit risk rating (1 to 10 rating, with higher scores indicating higher risk) to each loan at the time of origination and review loans on a regular basis. For loans measured at amortized cost, these credit risk ratings are also an important aspect of the Company s allowance for credit losses measurement methodology. The credit risk rating structure and classifications are shown below: 
 1 Rating Minimal Risk (Loss Potential none or extremely low) (Superior asset quality, excellent liquidity, minimal leverage) 2 Rating Modest Risk (Loss Potential demonstrably low) (Very good asset quality and liquidity, strong leverage capacity) 3 Rating Average Risk (Loss Potential low but no longer refutable) (Mostly satisfactory asset quality and liquidity, good leverage capacity) 4 Rating Above Average Risk (Loss Potential variable, but some potential for deterioration) (Acceptable asset quality, little excess liquidity, modest leverage capacity) 5 Rating Management Attention Risk (Loss Potential moderate if corrective action not taken) (Generally acceptable asset quality, somewhat strained liquidity, minimal leverage capacity, minimum for all commercial real estate construction loans) 6 Rating Special Mention (Loss Potential moderate if corrective action not taken) (Assets in this category are currently protected, potentially weak, but not to the point of substandard classification) 7 Rating Substandard Accrual (Loss Potential distinct possibility that the bank may sustain some loss, but no discernible impairment) (Must have well defined weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt) 8 Rating Substandard Non-accrual (Loss Potential well documented probability of loss, including potential impairment) (Must have well defined weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt) 9 Rating Doubtful (Loss Potential extremely high) (These assets have all the weaknesses in those classified substandard with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of current existing facts, conditions, and values, highly improbable) 10 Rating Loss (fully charged-off) (Loans in this category are considered fully uncollectible.) 
 Generally, each loan officer is responsible for monitoring his or her loan portfolio, recommending a credit risk rating for each loan in his or her portfolio and ensuring the credit risk ratings are appropriate. These credit risk ratings are then ratified by the bank s chief credit officer and/or concurrence credit officer. Credit risk ratings are determined by evaluating a number of factors including: a borrower s financial strength, cash flow coverage, collateral protection and guarantees. The Company maintains an internal loan review function to independently review a portion of the loan portfolio to evaluate the appropriateness of the management-assigned credit risk ratings. These ratings are subject to further review at each of our bank subsidiaries by the applicable regulatory authority, including the FRB of Chicago and the OCC, and are also reviewed by our internal loan review staff and our internal audit staff. 
 
 75 

The Company s Problem Loan Reporting system includes all such loans described above with credit risk ratings of 6 through 9. This system is designed to provide an on-going detailed tracking mechanism for each problem loan. Once management determines that a loan has deteriorated to a point where it has a credit risk rating of 6 or worse, the Company s Managed Asset Division performs an overall credit and collateral review. As part of this review, all underlying collateral is identified and the valuation methodology is analyzed and tracked. As a result of this initial review by the Company s Managed Asset Division, the credit risk rating is reviewed and a portion of the outstanding loan balance may be deemed uncollectible and, as a result, no longer share similar risk characteristics as its related pool. If that is the case, the individual loan is considered collateral dependent and individually assessed for an allowance for credit loss. The Company s individual assessment utilizes an independent re-appraisal of the collateral (unless such a third-party evaluation is not possible due to the unique nature of the collateral, such as a closely-held business or thinly traded securities). In the case of commercial real estate collateral, an independent third party appraisal is ordered by the Company s Real Estate Services Group to determine if there has been any change in the underlying collateral value. These independent appraisals are reviewed by the Real Estate Services Group and sometimes by independent third party valuation experts and may be adjusted depending upon market conditions. 
 
 Through the credit risk rating process, such loans are reviewed to determine if they are performing in accordance with the original contractual terms. If the borrower has failed to comply with the original contractual terms, further action may be required by the Company, including a downgrade in the credit risk rating, movement to non-accrual status or a charge-off. If the Company determines that a loan amount or portion thereof is uncollectible, the loan s credit risk rating is immediately downgraded to an 8 or 9 and the uncollectible amount is charged-off. Any loan that has a partial charge-off continues to be assigned a credit risk rating of an 8 or 9 for the duration of time that a balance remains outstanding. The Company undertakes a thorough and ongoing analysis to determine if additional impairment and/or charge-offs are appropriate and to begin a workout plan for the credit to minimize actual losses. In determining the appropriate charge-off for collateral-dependent loans, the Company considers the results of appraisals for the associated collateral. 
 
 The Company s approach to workout plans and restructuring loans is built on the credit-risk rating process. A modification of a loan with an existing credit risk rating of 6 or worse or a modification of any other credit, which will result in a restructured credit risk rating of 6 or worse must be reviewed for TDR classification. In that event, our Managed Assets Division conducts an overall credit and collateral review. A modification of a loan is considered to be a TDR if both (1) the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty and (2) for economic or legal reasons, the bank grants a concession to a borrower that it would not otherwise consider. The modification of a loan where the credit risk rating is 5 or better both before and after such modification is not considered to be a TDR. Based on the Company s credit risk rating system, it considers that borrowers whose credit risk rating is 5 or better are not experiencing financial difficulties and therefore, are not considered TDRs. 
 
 TDRs are individually assessed at the time of the modification and on a quarterly basis to measure an allowance for credit loss. The carrying amount of the loan is compared to the expected payments to be received, discounted at the loan s original rate, or for collateral dependent loans, to the fair value of the collateral. Any shortfall is recorded as a reserve. 
 
 For non-TDR loans, if based on current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due to it according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement, a loan is individually assessed for measuring the allowance for credit losses and if necessary, a reserve is established. In determining the appropriate reserve for collateral-dependent loans, the Company considers the results of appraisals for the associated collateral. 

Non-Performing Assets (1) 
 
 The following table sets forth the Company s non-performing assets and TDRs performing under the contractual terms of the loan agreement as of the dates shown. Prior to January 1, 2020, Purchased Credit-Impaired PCI loans were aggregated into pools by common risk characteristics for accounting purposes, including recognition of interest income on a pool basis. As a result of the implementation of CECL, beginning in the first quarter of 2020, PCI loans transitioned to a classification of Purchased Credit Deteriorated PCD loans, which no longer maintains the prior pools and related accounting concepts. Recognition of interest income on PCD loans is considered at the individual asset level following the Company s accrual policies, instead of based upon the entire pool of loans. Due to the adoption of CECL, the Company included 22.6 million of PCD loans in total non-performing loans as of December 31, 2020. 
 76 

(Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Loans past due greater than 90 days and still accruing (2) : 
 Commercial 462 15 307 Commercial real estate Home equity Residential real estate Premium finance receivables property casualty 15,841 7,210 12,792 11,517 7,799 Premium finance receivables life insurance 17,245 7 Consumer and other 49 137 264 163 109 Total loans past due greater than 90 days and still accruing 33,597 7,369 13,363 11,680 7,908 Non-accrual loans (3) : 
 Commercial 35,579 20,399 21,743 37,224 50,984 Commercial real estate 6,387 21,746 46,107 26,113 19,129 Home equity 1,487 2,574 6,529 7,363 7,147 Residential real estate 10,171 16,440 26,071 13,797 16,383 Premium finance receivables property casualty 13,470 5,433 13,264 20,590 11,335 Premium finance receivables life insurance 590 Consumer and other 6 477 436 231 348 Total non-accrual loans 67,100 67,069 114,150 105,908 105,326 Total non-performing loans (4) : 
 Commercial 36,041 20,414 22,050 37,224 50,984 Commercial real estate 6,387 21,746 46,107 26,113 19,129 Home equity 1,487 2,574 6,529 7,363 7,147 Residential real estate 10,171 16,440 26,071 13,797 16,383 Premium finance receivables property casualty 29,311 12,643 26,056 32,107 19,134 Premium finance receivables life insurance 17,245 7 590 Consumer and other 55 614 700 394 457 Total non-performing loans 100,697 74,438 127,513 117,588 113,234 Other real estate owned 8,589 1,959 9,711 5,208 11,968 Other real estate owned from acquisitions 1,311 2,312 6,847 9,963 12,852 Other repossessed assets 4 280 Total non-performing assets 110,597 78,709 144,071 132,763 138,334 Accruing TDRs not included within non-performing assets 36,620 37,486 47,023 36,725 33,281 Total non-performing loans by category as a percent of its own respective category s period-end balance: 
 Commercial 0.29 0.17 0.18 0.45 0.65 Commercial real estate 0.06 0.24 0.54 0.33 0.28 Home equity 0.45 0.77 1.54 1.44 1.29 Residential real estate 0.43 1.00 2.07 1.02 1.63 Premium finance receivables property casualty 0.50 0.26 0.64 0.93 0.67 Premium finance receivables life insurance 0.21 0.00 0.01 Consumer and other 0.11 2.54 2.17 0.36 0.38 Total non-performing loans 0.26 0.21 0.40 0.44 0.48 Total non-performing assets as a percentage of total assets 
 0.21 0.16 0.32 0.36 0.44 Total non-accrual loans as a percentage of total loans 0.17 0.19 0.36 0.40 0.44 Allowance for loan and unfunded lending-related commitment losses as a percentage of nonaccrual loans 532.71 446.78 332.82 149.62 146.37 
 (1) Excludes early buy-out loans guaranteed by U.S. government agencies. Early buy-out loans are insured or guaranteed by the FHA or the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, subject to indemnifications and insurance limits for certain loans. 
 (2) As of December 31, 2022, no TDRs were past due greater than 90 days and still accruing interest. As of December 31, 2021, approximately 320,000 of TDRs were past due greater than 90 days and still accruing interest. No TDRs as of December 31, 2020, 2019, or 2018 were past due greater than 90 days and still accruing interest. 
 (3) Non-accrual loans included TDRs totaling 4.5 million, 11.8 million, 21.2 million, 27.1 million and 32.8 million as of December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019, and 2018, respectively. 
 (4) Includes PCD loans. As a result of the adoption of ASU 2016-13, the Company transitioned all previously classified PCI loans to PCD loans effective January 1, 2020. 

At this time, management believes reserves are appropriate to absorb losses that are expected upon the ultimate resolution of these credits. While the ultimate effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on non-performing assets still remains unknown, significant increases may occur in subsequent periods due to ongoing macroeconomic uncertainty and related impacts on borrowers. Management will continue to actively review and monitor its loan portfolios, in an effort to identify problem credits in a timely 
 77 

manner. Please refer to Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation -Overview section of this report for additional discussion of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Loan Portfolio Aging 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, 47.9 million,or 0.1 of all loans, excluding early buy-out loans guaranteed by U.S. government agencies, were 60 to 89 days (or two payments) past due and 209.0 million, or 0.5 , were 30 to 59 days (or one payment) past due. As of December 31, 2021, 53.7 million, or 0.2 , of all loans, excluding early buy-out loans guaranteed by U.S. government agencies were 60 to 89 days (or two payments) past due and 187.1 million, or 0.4 , were 30 to 59 days (or one payment) past due. Many of the commercial and commercial real estate loans shown as 60 to 89 days and 30 to 59 days past due are included on the Company s internal problem loan reporting system. Loans on this system are closely monitored by management on a monthly basis. 
 
 The Company s home equity and residential loan portfolios continue to exhibit low delinquency ratios. Home equity loans at December 31, 2022 that are current with regard to the contractual terms of the loan agreement represent 98.9 of the total home equity portfolio. Residential real estate loans, excluding early buy-out loans guaranteed by U.S. government agencies, at December 31, 2022 that are current with regards to the contractual terms of the loan agreements comprise 98.9 of these residential real estate loans outstanding. 
 
 For more information regarding delinquent loans as of December 31, 2022, see Note (5) Allowance for Credit Losses in Item 8. 

Non-performing Loans Rollforward, excluding early buy-out loans guaranteed by U.S. government agencies 
 
 The table below presents a summary of non-performing loans for the periods presented: 
 (In thousands) 
 2022 2021 Balance at beginning of period 74,438 127,513 Additions from becoming non-performing in the respective period 72,243 38,848 Return to performing status (3,050) (10,592) Payments received (60,936) (53,823) Transfers to OREO and other repossessed assets (9,538) (6,027) Charge-offs, net (6,027) (13,351) Net change for niche loans (1) 
 33,567 (8,130) Balance at period end 100,697 74,438 
 (1) This includes activity for premium finance receivables and indirect consumer loans. 

Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 The allowance for credit losses, specifically the allowance for loan losses and the allowance for unfunded commitment losses, represents management s estimate of lifetime expected credit losses in the loan portfolio. The allowance for credit losses is determined quarterly using a methodology that incorporates important risk characteristics of each loan, as described below under How We Determine the Allowance for Credit Losses in this Item 7. 
 
 78 

The following table sets forth the allocation of the allowance for credit losses by major loan type and the percentage of loans in each category to total loans for the past five fiscal years: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 December 31, 2019 December 31, 2018 (Dollars in thousands) Amount of Loan Type to Total Loans Amount of Loan Type to Total Loans Amount of Loan Type to Total Loans Amount of Loan Type to Total Loans Amount of Loan Type to Total Loans Allowance for credit losses allocation: Commercial 142,769 32 119,307 34 94,212 37 64,920 31 67,826 33 Commercial real-estate 184,352 25 144,583 26 243,603 26 68,511 30 61,661 29 Home equity 7,573 1 10,699 1 11,437 1 3,878 2 8,507 2 Residential real-estate 11,585 6 8,782 5 12,459 5 9,800 5 7,194 4 Premium finance receivables property casualty 9,967 15 15,246 14 17,267 13 8,132 13 6,144 12 Premium finance receivables life insurance 704 21 613 20 510 18 1,515 19 1,571 19 Consumer and other 498 0 423 0 422 0 1,705 0 1,261 1 Total allowance for credit losses 357,448 100 299,653 100 379,910 100 158,461 100 154,164 100 Allowance category as a percent of total allowance for credit losses: Commercial 40 40 25 41 44 Commercial real-estate 52 48 64 43 39 Home equity 2 4 3 3 6 Residential real-estate 3 3 3 6 5 Premium finance receivables property casualty 3 5 5 5 4 Premium finance receivables life insurance 0 0 0 1 1 Consumer and other 0 0 0 1 1 Total allowance for credit losses 100 100 100 100 100 
 
 Management determined that the allowance for credit losses was appropriate at December 31, 2022, and that the loan portfolio is well diversified and well secured, without undue concentration in any specific risk area. While this process involves a high degree of management judgment, the allowance for credit losses is based on a comprehensive, well documented, and consistently applied analysis of the Company s loan portfolio. This analysis takes into consideration all available information existing as of the financial statement date, including environmental factors such as economic, industry, geographical and political factors, when considered applicable. The relative level of allowance for credit losses is reviewed and compared to industry peers. This review encompasses levels of total non-performing loans, portfolio mix, portfolio concentrations and overall levels of net charge-off. Historical trending of both the Company s results and the industry peers is also reviewed to analyze comparative significance. 
 
 79 

Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 The following table summarizes the activity in our allowance for credit losses, specifically related to loans and unfunded lending-related commitments, during the last five fiscal years. 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Allowance for credit losses at beginning of year 299,653 379,910 158,461 154,164 139,174 Cumulative effect adjustment from the adoption of ASU 2016-13 47,344 Provision for credit losses 78,179 (59,280) 214,235 53,864 34,832 Initial allowance for credit losses recognized on PCD assets acquired during the period (1) 
 470 Other adjustments (108) 3 179 (21) (182) Charge-offs: Commercial 14,141 20,801 18,293 35,880 14,532 Commercial real estate 1,379 3,293 15,960 5,402 1,395 Home equity 432 336 2,061 3,702 2,245 Residential real estate 471 1,082 891 798 1,355 Premium finance receivables property casualty 14,240 9,020 15,472 12,902 12,228 Premium finance receivables life insurance 35 Consumer and other 1,081 487 528 522 880 Total charge-offs 31,779 35,019 53,205 59,206 32,635 Recoveries: Commercial 4,748 2,559 5,092 2,845 1,457 Commercial real estate 701 1,304 1,835 2,516 5,631 Home equity 319 1,203 528 479 541 Residential real estate 77 330 184 422 2,075 Premium finance receivables property casualty 5,522 7,989 5,108 3,203 3,069 Premium finance receivables life insurance Consumer and other 136 184 149 195 202 Total recoveries 11,503 13,569 12,896 9,660 12,975 Net charge-offs (20,276) (21,450) (40,309) (49,546) (19,660) Allowance for credit losses at year end 357,448 299,653 379,910 158,461 154,164 Net charge-offs (recoveries) by category as a percentage of its own respective category s average: Commercial 0.08 0.16 0.12 0.41 0.18 Commercial real estate 0.01 0.02 0.17 0.04 (0.06) Home equity 0.03 (0.23) 0.33 0.61 0.28 Residential real estate 0.02 0.05 0.06 0.04 (0.08) Premium finance receivables property casualty 0.16 0.02 0.27 0.30 0.33 Premium finance receivables life insurance 0.00 Consumer and other 1.22 0.66 0.52 0.29 0.50 Total loans, net of unearned income 0.06 0.06 0.13 0.20 0.09 Net charge-offs as a percentage of the provision for credit losses 
 25.94 NM 18.82 91.99 56.44 Year-end total loans 39,196,485 34,789,104 32,079,073 26,800,290 23,820,691 Allowance for loan losses as a percentage of loans at end of year 0.69 0.71 1.00 0.59 0.64 Allowance for loan and unfunded loan-related commitment losses as a percentage of loans at end of year 0.91 0.86 1.18 0.59 0.65 Allowance for loan and unfunded loan-related commitment losses as a percentage of loans at end of year, excluding PPP loans 0.91 0.88 1.29 0.59 0.65 
 (1) The initial allowance for credit losses on PCD loans acquired during the period measured approximately 2.8 million, of which approximately 2.3 million was charged off related to PCD loans that met the Company s charge-off policy at the time of acquisition. After considering these loans that were immediately charged off, the net impact of PCD allowance for credit losses at the acquisition date was approximately 470,000. 
 
 NM Not Meaningful 
 
 The allowance for credit losses, as related to loans and lending-related commitments, is comprised of an allowance for loan losses, which is determined with respect to loans that we have originated, and an allowance for unfunded commitment losses. A separate allowance for held-to-maturity securities losses is measured related to such debt securities portfolio. Our allowance for unfunded commitment losses is determined with respect to funds that we have committed to lend but for which funds have not 
 80 

yet been disbursed and is computed using a methodology similar to that used to determine the allowance for loan losses. The allowance for unfunded lending-related commitments totaled 87.3 million as of December 31, 2022 compared to 51.8 million as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Additions to the allowance for credit losses are charged to earnings through the provision for credit losses. Charge-offs represent the amount of loans that have been determined to be uncollectible during a given period, and are deducted from the allowance for credit losses, and recoveries represent the amount of collections received from loans that had previously been charged off, and are credited to the allowance for credit losses. See Note (5) Allowance for Credit Losses of the Consolidated Financial Statements presented under Item 8 of this report for further discussion of activity within the allowance for credit losses during the period and the relationship with respective loan balances for each loan category and the total loan portfolio. 

How We Determine the Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 The allowance for credit losses is measured on a collective or pooled basis by loans that share similar risk characteristics. If the loan no longer exhibits risk characteristics similar to that of a pool, typically due to credit deterioration of the related borrower, the Company analyzes the loan for purposes of individually assessing a specific allowance for credit loss as part of the Problem Loan Reporting system review. A separate reserve is collectively measured for loans continuing to share risk characteristics and, as a result, remaining in the pools. See Note (5) Allowance for Credit Losses of the Consolidated Financial Statements presented under Item 8 of this report for further discussion of the allowance for credit losses measurement process. 
 
 Collective Measurement 
 
 The allowance for credit losses is measured on a collective or pooled basis when similar risk characteristics exist, based upon the segmentation discussed above. The Company utilizes modeling methodologies that estimate lifetime credit loss rates on each pool, including methodologies estimating the probability of default and loss given default on specific segments. Historical credit loss history is adjusted for reasonable and supportable forecasts developed by the Company on a quantitative or qualitative basis and incorporates third party economic forecasts. Reasonable and supportable forecasts consider the macroeconomic factors that are most relevant to evaluating and predicting expected credit losses in the Company s financial assets. Currently, the Company utilizes an eight quarter forecast period using Moody s baseline scenario from November 2022, which is reviewed within the Company s governance structure. For periods beyond the ability to develop reasonable and supportable forecasts, the Company reverts to historical loss rates at an input level, straight-line over a four quarter reversion period. Expected credit losses are measured over the contractual term of the financial asset with consideration of expected prepayments. Expected extensions, renewals or modifications of the financial asset are only considered when either (1) the expected extension, renewal or modification is contained within the existing agreement and is not unconditionally cancelable, or (2) the expected extension, renewal or modification is reasonably expected to result in a TDR. The methodologies discussed above are applied to both current asset balances on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Condition and off-balance sheet commitments (i.e. unfunded lending-related commitments). 
 
 Individual Assessment 
 
 Loans with a credit risk rating of a 6 through 9 are reviewed on a monthly basis to determine if (a) an amount is deemed uncollectible (a charge-off) or (b) it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect amounts due in accordance with the original contractual terms of the loan. In cases in which collectability is not probable, the loan is considered to no longer exhibit shared risk characteristics of a pool and as a result, is individually assessed for allowance for credit losses measurement purposes. If a loan is individually assessed, the carrying amount of the loan is compared to the expected payments to be received, discounted at the loan s original rate, or for foreclosure-probable and collateral dependent loans, to the fair value of the collateral less the estimated cost to sell, when appropriate under accounting rules. Any shortfall is recorded as a specific reserve within the allowance for credit losses. 
 
 Home Equity, Residential Real Estate and Consumer Loans 
 
 The determination of the appropriate allowance for credit losses for home equity, residential real estate and consumer loans differs from the process used for commercial and commercial real estate loans. These portfolios utilize the weighted-average remaining maturity WARM methodology. The WARM methodology is an assumption-based approach that utilizes historical loss and prepayment information as the basis to estimate prepayment and credit adjusted contractual cash flows. The Company considers a qualitative factor to adjust historical information for current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The same credit risk rating system and Problem Loan Reporting systems are used. The only significant difference is in how the credit risk ratings are assigned to these loans. 
 
 81 

The home equity loan portfolio is reviewed on a loan by loan basis by analyzing current FICO and Bankruptcy scores of the borrowers, line availability, recent line usage, approaching maturity, and the aging status of the loan. Certain of these factors, or combination of these factors, may cause a portion of the credit risk ratings of home equity loans across all banks to be downgraded. Similar to commercial and commercial real estate loans, once a home equity loan s credit risk rating is downgraded to a 6 through 9, the Company s Managed Asset Division reviews and advises the subsidiary banks as to collateral valuations and as to the ultimate resolution of the credits that deteriorate to a non-accrual status to minimize losses. 
 
 Residential real estate loans that are downgraded to a credit risk rating of 6 through 9 also enter the problem loan reporting system and have the underlying collateral evaluated by the Managed Assets Division. 
 
 Premium Finance Receivables 
 
 The determination of the appropriate allowance for credit losses for premium finance receivables is an assumption-based approach focusing on historical loss rates in the portfolio, adjusted qualitatively for current macroeconomic conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. 
 
 Methodology in Assessing Impairment and Charge-off Amounts 
 
 In determining the amount of reserves or charge-offs associated with collateral dependent loans, the Company values the loan generally by starting with a valuation obtained from an appraisal of the underlying collateral and then deducting estimated selling costs, if appropriate, to arrive at a net appraised value. We obtain the appraisals of the underlying collateral typically on an annual basis from one of a pre-approved list of independent, third party appraisal firms. Types of appraisal valuations include as-is, as-complete, as-stabilized, bulk, fair market, liquidation and retail sellout values. 
 
 In many cases, the Company simultaneously values the underlying collateral by marketing the property to market participants interested in purchasing properties of the same type. If the Company receives offers or indications of interest, we will analyze the price and review market conditions to assess whether in light of such information the appraised value overstates the likely price and that a lower price would be a better assessment of the market value of the property and would enable us to liquidate the collateral. Additionally, the Company takes into account the strength of any guarantees or other credit enhancements, and the ability of the borrower to provide value related to those guarantees in determining the ultimate charge-off or reserve associated with any individually assessed loans. Accordingly, the Company may charge-off a loan to a value below the net appraised value if it believes that an expeditious liquidation is desirable in the circumstance and it has legitimate offers or other indications of interest to support a value that is less than the net appraised value. Alternatively, the Company may carry a loan at a value that is in excess of the appraised value if the Company has a guarantee from a borrower or other credit enhancements that the Company believes has realizable value. In evaluating the strength of any guarantee, the Company evaluates the financial wherewithal of the guarantor, the guarantor s reputation, and the guarantor s willingness and desire to work with the Company. The Company then conducts a review of the strength of a guarantee on a frequency established as the circumstances and conditions of the borrower warrant. 
 
 In circumstances where the Company has received an appraisal but has no third party offers or indications of interest, the Company may enlist the input of realtors in the local market as to the highest valuation that the realtor believes would result in a liquidation of the property given a reasonable marketing period of approximately 90 days. To the extent that the realtors indication of market clearing price under such scenario is less than the net appraised valuation, the Company may take a charge-off on the loan to a valuation that is less than the net appraised valuation. 
 
 The Company may also charge-off a loan below the net appraised valuation if the Company holds a junior mortgage position in a piece of collateral whereby the risk to acquiring control of the property through the purchase of the senior mortgage position is deemed to potentially increase the risk of loss upon liquidation due to the amount of time to ultimately market the property and the volatile market conditions. In such cases, the Company may abandon its junior mortgage and charge-off the loan balance in full. 
 
 In other cases, the Company may allow the borrower to conduct a short sale, which is a sale where the Company allows the borrower to sell the property at a value less than the amount of the loan. Many times, it is possible for the current owner to receive a better price than if the property is marketed by a financial institution which the market place perceives to have a greater desire to liquidate the property at a lower price. To the extent that we allow a short sale at a price below the value indicated by an appraisal, we may take a charge-off beyond the value that an appraisal would have indicated. 
 
 82 

Other market conditions may require a reserve to bring the carrying value of the loan below the net appraised valuation such as litigation surrounding the borrower and/or property securing our loan or other market conditions impacting the value of the collateral. 
 
 Having determined the net value based on the factors such as those noted above and compared that value to the book value of the loan, the Company arrives at a charge-off amount or a specific reserve included in the allowance for credit losses. In summary, for collateral dependent loans, appraisals are used as the fair value starting point in the estimate of net value. Estimated costs to sell are deducted from the appraised value, when appropriate under current accounting rules, to arrive at the net appraised value. Although an external appraisal is the primary source of valuation utilized for charge-offs on collateral dependent loans, alternative sources of valuation may become available between appraisal dates. As a result, we may utilize values obtained through these alternative sources, which include purchase and sale agreements, legitimate indications of interest, negotiated short sales, realtor price opinions, sale of the note or support from guarantors, as the basis for charge-offs. These alternative sources of value are used only if deemed to be more representative of value based on updated information regarding collateral resolution. In addition, if an appraisal is not deemed current, a discount to appraised value may be utilized. Any adjustments from appraised value to net value are detailed and justified in an impairment analysis, which is reviewed and approved by the Company s Managed Assets Division. 

TDRs 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had 41.1 million in loans modified as TDRs. The 41.1 million in TDRs represents 191 credits in which economic concessions were granted to certain borrowers to better align the terms of their loans with their current ability to pay. The balance decreased from 49.3 million representing 247 credits at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Concessions were granted on a case-by-case basis working with these borrowers to find modified terms that would assist them in retaining their businesses or their homes and attempt to keep these loans in an accruing status for the Company. Typical concessions include reduction of the interest rate on the loan to a rate considered lower than market and other modification of terms including forgiveness of a portion of the loan balance, extension of the maturity date, and/or modifications from principal and interest payments to interest-only payments for a certain period. See Note (5) Allowance for Credit Losses of Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion regarding the effectiveness of these modifications in keeping the modified loans current based upon contractual terms. 
 
 Subsequent to its restructuring, any TDR that becomes nonaccrual or more than 90 days past-due and still accruing interest will be included in the Company s nonperforming loans. Each TDR was individually assessed when measuring the allowance for credit losses at December 31, 2022 and approximately 871,000 was appropriately reserved for through the Company s normal reserving methodology in the Company s allowance for credit losses. Additionally, at December 31, 2022, the Company was committed to lend additional funds to borrowers totaling 113,000 under the contractual terms related to TDRs compared to 11,000 commitments to lend additional funds to borrowers at December 31, 2021. 
 
 83 

The table below presents a summary of TDRs for the respective periods, presented by loan category and accrual status: 
 December 31, December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Accruing TDRs: Commercial 2,462 4,131 Commercial real estate 15,048 8,421 Residential real estate and other 19,110 24,934 Total accruing TDRs 36,620 37,486 Non-accrual TDRs: (1) 
 Commercial 345 6,746 Commercial real estate 1,823 2,050 Residential real estate and other 2,311 3,027 Total non-accrual TDRs 4,479 11,823 Total TDRs: Commercial 2,807 10,877 Commercial real estate 16,871 10,471 Residential real estate and other 21,421 27,961 Total TDRs 41,099 49,309 
 (1) Included in total non-performing loans. 
 
 TDR Rollforward 
 
 The table below presents a summary of TDRs as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, and shows the changes in the balance during those periods: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands) 
 Commercial Commercial Real Estate Residential Real Estate and Other Total Balance at beginning of period 10,877 10,471 27,961 49,309 Additions during the period 468 8,833 4,076 13,377 Reductions: Charge-offs (334) (3) (217) (554) Transferred to OREO and other repossessed assets Removal of TDR loan status (1) 
 (1,208) (701) (447) (2,356) Payments received (6,996) (1,729) (9,952) (18,677) Balance at period end 2,807 16,871 21,421 41,099 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 (In thousands) 
 Commercial Commercial Real Estate Residential Real Estate and Other Total Balance at beginning of period 18,190 16,726 33,276 68,192 Additions during the period 5,074 2,944 5,851 13,869 Reductions: Charge-offs (2,639) (200) (28) (2,867) Transferred to OREO and other repossessed assets (99) (459) (558) Removal of TDR loan status (1) 
 (2,121) (800) (1,710) (4,631) Payments received (7,528) (8,199) (8,969) (24,696) Balance at period end 10,877 10,471 27,961 49,309 
 84 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 (In thousands) 
 Commercial Commercial Real Estate Residential Real Estate and Other Total Balance at beginning of period 18,739 16,873 28,224 63,836 Additions during the period 12,362 19,281 14,229 45,872 Reductions: Charge-offs (5,016) (8,004) (715) (13,735) Transferred to OREO and other repossessed assets (857) (945) (1,802) Removal of TDR loan status (1) 
 (65) (257) (1,202) (1,524) Payments received (7,830) (10,310) (6,315) (24,455) Balance at period end 18,190 16,726 33,276 68,192 
 (1) Loan was previously classified as a TDR and subsequently performed in compliance with the loan s modified terms for a period of six months (including over a calendar year-end) at a modified interest rate which represented a market rate at the time of restructuring. Per our TDR policy, the TDR classification is removed. 
 
 Potential Problem Loans 
 
 Management believes that any loan where there are serious doubts as to the ability of such borrowers to comply with the present loan repayment terms should be identified as a non-performing loan and should be included in the disclosure of Past Due Loans and Non-Performing Assets. At the periods presented in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company had no potential problem loans not already identified as non-performing. 

Other Real Estate Owned 
 
 In certain circumstances, the Company is required to take action against the real estate collateral of specific loans. The Company uses foreclosure only as a last resort for dealing with borrowers experiencing financial hardships. The Company employs extensive contact and restructuring procedures to attempt to find other solutions for our borrowers. The tables below present a summary of other real estate owned and show the activity for the respective periods and the balance for each property type: 
 
 Years Ended (In thousands) December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Balance at beginning of period 4,271 16,558 Disposal/resolved (3,954) (16,927) Transfers in at fair value, less costs to sell 10,018 5,837 Fair value adjustments (435) (1,197) Balance at period end 9,900 4,271 
 
 Period End (In thousands) December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Residential real estate 1,585 1,310 Residential real estate development Commercial real estate 8,315 2,961 Total 9,900 4,271 

Deposits and Other Funding Sources 

Total deposits at December 31, 2022, were 42.9 billion, increasing 807.0 million, or 2 , compared to the 42.1 billion at December 31, 2021. Average deposit balances in 2022 were 41.9 billion, reflecting an increase of 2.9 billion, or 7 , compared to the average balances in 2021. 
 85 

The increase in year end and average deposits in 2022 over 2021 is primarily attributable to the Company's continued overall growth during 2022. Average non-interest bearing deposits increased 1.0 billion, or 8 in 2022 compared to 2021, with period end balances ending at 30 of total deposits at December 31, 2022, compared to 34 at December 31, 2021. 
 
 The following table presents the composition of average deposits by product category for each of the last three years: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (Dollars in thousands) Balance Percent Balance Percent Balance Percent Non-interest bearing deposits 13,667,879 32 12,638,518 33 9,432,090 27 NOW and interest-bearing demand deposits 5,355,077 13 4,029,662 10 3,662,772 11 Wealth management deposits 2,827,497 7 2,361,412 6 2,001,716 6 Money market accounts 12,254,159 29 11,801,788 30 10,391,529 31 Savings accounts 4,014,166 10 3,734,162 10 3,354,662 10 Time certificates of deposit 3,812,148 9 4,447,871 11 5,142,938 15 Total average deposits 41,930,926 100 39,013,413 100 33,985,707 100 
 
 Wealth management deposits are funds from the brokerage customers of Wintrust Investments, CDEC and trust and asset management customers of the Company which have been placed into deposit accounts of the banks wealth management deposits in the table above). Wealth management deposits consist primarily of money market accounts. Consistent with reasonable interest rate risk parameters, these funds have generally been invested in loan production of the banks as well as other investments suitable for banks. 

Other Funding Sources. Although deposits are the Company s primary source of funding its interest-earning assets, the Company s ability to manage the types and terms of deposits is somewhat limited by customer preferences and market competition. As a result, in addition to deposits and the issuance of equity securities and the retention of earnings, the Company uses several other funding sources to support its growth. These sources include FHLB advances, notes payable, short-term borrowings, secured borrowings, subordinated debt, and junior subordinated debentures. The Company evaluates the terms and unique characteristics of each source, as well as its asset-liability management position, in determining the use of such funding sources. 
 
 The following table sets forth, by category, the composition of the average balances of other funding sources for the periods presented: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Average Percent Average Percent (Dollars in thousands) Balance of Total Balance of Total Federal Home Loan Bank advances 1,484,663 56 1,236,478 51 Subordinated notes 437,139 16 436,697 18 Notes payable 77,984 3 93,581 4 Short-term borrowings 14,492 1 13,931 1 Other 62,193 2 64,133 2 Secured borrowings 331,151 12 343,012 14 Total other borrowings 485,820 18 514,657 21 Junior subordinated debentures 253,566 10 253,566 10 Total other funding sources 2,661,188 100 2,441,398 100 
 
 FHLB advances provide the banks with access to fixed-rate funds which are useful in mitigating interest rate risk and achieving an acceptable interest rate spread on fixed-rate loans or securities. FHLB advances to the banks totaled 2.3 billion at December 31, 2022 and 1.2 billion at December 31, 2021. See Note (11) Federal Home Loan Bank Advances to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for further discussion of the terms of these advances. 
 
 Notes payable balances represent the balances on a credit agreement (as amended, the Credit Agreement with certain unaffiliated banks. The Credit Agreement consisted of a 150.0 million term loan facility and a 100.0 million revolving credit facility. On December 12, 2022, the Company entered into an amendment and restatement of the Credit Agreement pursuant to 
 86 

the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of December 12, 2022, among the Company and the unaffiliated banks named therein as lenders and agents (the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement ). In connection with the entry into the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, the outstanding term loan under the existing Credit Agreement was paid in full pursuant to the terms thereof. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance under the term loan facility was 199.8 million and there was no outstanding principal balance under the revolving credit facility. See Note (13) Other Borrowings to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for further discussion of notes payable. 
 
 Short-term borrowings include securities sold under repurchase agreements of customer sweep accounts in connection with master repurchase agreements at the banks. These borrowings totaled 17.6 million and 9.2 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This funding category typically fluctuates based on customer preferences and daily liquidity needs of the banks, their customers and the banks operating subsidiaries. See Note (13) Other Borrowings to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for further discussion of these borrowings. 
 
 The balance of secured borrowings primarily represents a third party Canadian transaction Canadian Secured Borrowing ). Under the Canadian Secured Borrowing, the Company, through its subsidiary, FIFC Canada, sells an undivided co-ownership interest in all receivables owed to FIFC Canada to an unrelated third party in exchange for cash payments pursuant to a receivables purchase agreement Receivables Purchase Agreement ). See Note (13) Other Borrowings to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for further discussion of these secured borrowings under this agreement. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the translated balance of the secured borrowings totaled 309.7 million and 332.2 million, respectively. 
 
 Other borrowings at December 31, 2022 represent a fixed-rate promissory note Fixed-Rate Promissory Note issued by the Company in June 2017. Amendments to the Fixed-Rate Promissory Note since issuance increased the principal amount to 66.4 million, reduced the interest rate to 1.70 , and extended the maturity date to March 31, 2025. The Fixed-Rate Promissory Note relates to and is secured by three office buildings owned by the Company. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Fixed-Rate Promissory Note had a balance of 61.3 million and 63.3 million, respectively. See Note (13) Other Borrowings to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for further discussion of these borrowings. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, subordinated notes totaled 437.4 million and 436.9 million, respectively. During 2019, the Company issued 300.0 million of subordinated notes receiving 296.7 million in proceeds, net of underwriting discount. The notes have a stated interest rate of 4.85 and mature in June 2029. During 2014, the Company issued 140.0 million of subordinated notes receiving 139.1 million in proceeds, net of underwriting discount. The notes have a stated interest rate of 5.00 and mature in June 2024. See Note (12) Subordinated Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for further discussion. 
 
 The Company had 253.6 million of junior subordinated debentures outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The amounts reflected on the balance sheet represent the junior subordinated debentures issued to eleven trusts by the Company and equal the amount of the preferred and common securities issued by the trusts. See Note (14) Junior Subordinated Debentures to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for further discussion of the Company s junior subordinated debentures. Starting in 2016, none of the junior subordinated debentures qualified as Tier 1 regulatory capital of the Company resulting in 245.5 million of the junior subordinated debentures, net of common securities, being included in the Company s Tier 2 regulatory capital as of December 31, 2022. 

Shareholders Equity . Total shareholders equity was 4.8 billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of 298.2 million from the December 31, 2021 total of 4.5 billion. The increase in 2022 was primarily a result of net income of 509.7 million, common stock public offering of 285.7 million (net of costs), 10.9 million from the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to various stock compensation plans, net of treasury shares, and 31.7 million of stock-based compensation costs credited to surplus. These increases to total shareholders equity were partially offset by 394.8 million in net unrealized losses from investment securities, net of tax, common stock dividends of 80.2 million, preferred stock dividends of 28.0 million, 19.7 million of net unrealized losses on cash flow hedges, net of tax, and 17.2 million of foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax. See Note (23) Shareholders Equity to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for further discussion of shareholders equity. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 The Company and the banks are subject to various regulatory capital requirements established by the federal banking agencies that take into account risk attributable to balance sheet and off-balance sheet activities. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and possibly discretionary actions by regulators, that if undertaken could have a direct material effect on the Company s financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the Company and the banks must meet specific capital guidelines that involve 
 87 

quantitative measures of the Company s assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The Federal Reserve s capital guidelines require bank holding companies to maintain a minimum ratio of qualifying total capital to risk-weighted assets of 8.0 , of which at least 4.5 must be in the form of Common Equity Tier 1 capital and 6.0 must be in the form of Tier 1 capital. The Federal Reserve also requires a minimum leverage ratio of Tier 1 capital to total assets of greater than 4.0 . In addition, the Federal Reserve continues to consider the Tier 1 leverage ratio in evaluating proposals for expansion or new activities. 
 
 The following table summarizes the capital guidelines for bank holding companies as of December 31, 2022, as well as certain ratios relating to the Company s equity and assets as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 Minimum Ratios Minimum Ratio + Capital Conservation Buffer (1) 
 Minimum Well 
 Capitalized 
 Ratios (2) 
 2022 2021 2020 Common Equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets 4.5 7.00 N/A 9.1 8.6 8.8 Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets 6.0 8.50 6.0 10.0 9.6 10.0 Total capital to risk-weighted assets 8.0 10.50 10.0 11.9 11.6 12.6 Tier 1 leverage ratio 4.0 N/A N/A 8.8 8.0 8.1 Total average equity to total average assets N/A N/A N/A 9.2 9.2 9.5 Dividend payout ratio N/A N/A N/A 17.0 16.4 23.9 
 (1) Reflects the Capital Conservation Buffer of 2.50 . 
 (2) Reflects the well-capitalized standard applicable to the Company for purposes of the Federal Reserve s Regulation Y. The Federal Reserve has not yet revised the well-capitalized standard for BHCs to reflect the higher capital requirements imposed under the U.S. Basel III Rule or to add Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio and Tier 1 leverage ratio requirements to this standard. As a result, the Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio and Tier 1 leverage ratio are denoted as N/A in this column. If the Federal Reserve were to apply the same or a very similar well-capitalized standard to BHCs as the standard applicable to our subsidiary banks, the Company s capital ratios as of December 31, 2022 would exceed such revised well-capitalized standard. 
 
 As reflected in the table, each of the Company s capital ratios at December 31, 2022, exceeded the well-capitalized ratios established by the Federal Reserve. Management is committed to maintaining the Company s capital levels above the Well Capitalized levels established by the Federal Reserve for bank holding companies. Refer to Note (19) Regulatory Matters to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for further information on the capital positions of the banks. 
 
 The Company s principal sources of funds at the holding company level are dividends from its subsidiaries, borrowings under its loan agreement with unaffiliated banks and proceeds from the issuances of subordinated debt and additional equity. Refer to Notes (12), (13), (14) and (23) to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 for further information on the Company s subordinated notes, other borrowings, junior subordinated debentures and shareholders equity, respectively. 
 
 In January, April, July and October of 2022 and 2021, Wintrust declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.41 per share and 429.69 per share of Series D and Series E Preferred Stock, respectively. 
 
 The payment of common stock dividends is also subject to statutory restrictions and restrictions arising under the terms of the Company s Series D and Series E Preferred Stock, the Company s trust preferred securities offerings units and under certain financial covenants in the Company s revolving and term credit facilities. Under the terms of these separate revolving and term credit facilities, the Company is prohibited from paying dividends on any equity interests, including its common stock and preferred stock, if such payments would cause the Company to be in default under its facilities or exceed a certain threshold. In January, April, July and October of 2022, Wintrust declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.34 per common share. In January, April, July and October of 2021, Wintrust declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.31 per common share. In January of 2023, Wintrust declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.40 per common share. Taking into account the limitations on the payment of dividends, the final determination of timing, amount and payment of dividends is at the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors and will depend on the Company s earnings, financial condition, capital requirements and other relevant factors. 
 
 In June 2022, the Company sold a total of 3,450,000 shares of its common stock through a public offering. Net proceeds to the Company totaled approximately 285.7 million, net of estimated issuance costs. 
 
 Banking laws impose restrictions upon the amount of dividends that can be paid to the holding company by the banks. Based on these laws, the banks could, subject to minimum capital requirements, declare dividends to the Company without obtaining 
 88 

regulatory approval in an amount not exceeding (a) undivided profits, and (b) the amount of net income reduced by dividends paid for the current and prior two years. 
 
 Since the banks are required to maintain their capital at the well-capitalized level (due to the Company being a financial holding company), funds otherwise available as dividends from the banks are limited to the amount that would not reduce any of the banks capital ratios below the well-capitalized level. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, the subsidiaries paid 52.0 million, 145.0 million and 253.0 million, respectively, in dividends to the Company. As of December 31, 2022, subject to minimum capital requirements at the banks, approximately 703.8 million was available as dividends from the banks without prior regulatory approval and without compromising the banks well-capitalized positions. 
 
 Liquidity management at the banks involves planning to meet anticipated funding needs at a reasonable cost. Liquidity management is guided by policies, formulated and monitored by the Company s senior management and each Bank s asset/liability committee, which take into account the marketability of assets, the sources and stability of funding and the level of unfunded commitments. The banks principal sources of funds are deposits, short-term borrowings and capital contributions from the holding company. In addition, the banks are eligible to borrow under FHLB advances and at the FRB Discount Window, another source of liquidity. 
 
 In accordance with the liquidity management noted above, deposit growth and increases in borrowings from various sources have resulted in accumulating liquidity assets in recent periods. In 2022, we managed our liquid assets to ensure that we have the balance sheet strength to serve our clients. As a result, the Company believes that it has sufficient funds and access to funds to meet its working capital and other needs. The Company will continue to prudently evaluate liquidity sources, including the management of availability with the FHLB and FRB and utilization of the revolving credit facility with unaffiliated banks. 
 
 Core deposits are the most stable source of liquidity for community banks due to the nature of long-term relationships generally established with depositors and the security of deposit insurance provided by the FDIC. Core deposits are generally defined in the industry as total deposits less time deposits with balances greater than 100,000. Due to the affluent nature of many of the communities that the Company serves, management believes that many of its time deposits with balances in excess of 100,000 are also a stable source of funds. Currently, standard deposit insurance coverage is 250,000 per depositor per insured bank, for each account ownership category. 
 
 While the Company obtains a portion of its total deposits through brokered deposits, the Company does so primarily as an asset-liability management tool to assist in the management of interest rate risk, and the Company does not consider brokered deposits to be a vital component of its current liquidity resources. Historically, brokered deposits have represented a small component of the Company s total deposits outstanding, as set forth in the table below: 
 
 December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Total deposits 42,902,544 42,095,585 37,092,651 30,107,138 26,094,678 Brokered Deposits (1) 
 3,174,093 1,591,083 1,843,227 1,011,404 1,071,562 Brokered deposits as a percentage of total deposits (1) 
 7.4 3.8 5.0 3.4 4.1 
 (1) Brokered Deposits include certificates of deposit obtained through deposit brokers, deposits received through the Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Program, as well as wealth management deposits of brokerage customers from unaffiliated companies which have been placed into deposit accounts of the banks. 
 
 The Company s banks routinely accept deposits from a variety of municipal entities. Typically, these municipal entities require that banks pledge marketable securities to collateralize these public deposits. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the banks had approximately 2.8 billion and 2.6 billion, respectively, of securities collateralizing public deposits and other short-term borrowings. Public deposits requiring pledged assets are not considered to be core deposits, however they provide the Company with a reliable, lower cost, short-term funding source than what is available through many other wholesale alternatives. 
 
 Other than as discussed in this section, the Company is not aware of any known trends, commitments, events, regulatory recommendations or uncertainties that would have any material adverse effect on the Company s capital resources, operations or liquidity. 
 
 89 

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS, OFF-BALANCE SHEET COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES 
 
 The Company has various financial obligations, including contractual obligations and commitments, that may require future cash payments. 
 
 Contractual Obligations. Our significant contractual obligations with third parties primarily consist of deposit liabilities and other sources of funding for our businesses, including FHLB advances, subordinated debt, other debt borrowings and junior subordinated debentures. These debt obligations have fixed and determinable contractual repayment dates specific to each type of instrument. Deposit liabilities are primarily due on-demand, with certain time deposits due based on contractual maturities that may exceed one year. Repayment of debt obligations, including junior subordinated debentures, vary based on terms of the underlying debt instrument, with certain debt instruments requiring full repayment of the debt at the respective maturity date and other debt instruments requiring periodic partial repayment over the entire term of the debt instrument. Further information on these debt obligations is included in Note (10) Deposits through Note (14) Junior Subordinated Debentures of the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report. 
 
 The Company enters into various leasing arrangements with contractual obligations to pay for use of specified assets over a specific period of time. These leased assets primarily related to certain banking facilities as well as specific signage related to sponsorships and other agreements, and certain automatic teller machines and other equipment. Payments under these obligations are primarily made on a monthly basis. Further information on these lease obligations is included in Note (16) Lease Commitments of the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report. 
 
 The Company s other purchase obligations relate to certain contractual cash obligations for acquisition-related contingent costs, marketing obligations and services related to the construction of facilities, data processing and the outsourcing of certain operational activities. In 2022, the Company continued to significantly invest in technology, including enhancements to our customer s digital experience, and it is subject to additional contractual purchase obligations in furtherance of these efforts. 
 
 The Company also enters into derivative contracts under which the Company is required to either receive cash from or pay cash to counterparties depending on changes in interest rates. Derivative contracts are carried at fair value representing the net present value of expected future cash receipts or payments based on market rates as of the balance sheet date. Further information on derivative contracts is included in Note (21) Derivative Financial Instruments of the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report. 
 
 Commitments. The following table presents a summary of the amounts and expected maturities of significant commitments as of December 31, 2022. Further information on these commitments is included in Note (20) Commitments and Contingencies of the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report. 
 
 (In thousands) One year or less From one to three years From three to five years Over five years Total Commitment type: Commercial, commercial real estate and construction 4,175,060 3,407,836 1,648,791 263,688 9,495,375 Residential real estate 180,952 180,952 Revolving home equity lines of credit 796,899 796,899 Letters of credit 268,443 29,339 45,810 829 344,421 Commitments to sell mortgage loans 321,029 321,029 
 
 Our remaining commitment to fund community investments totaled 50.9 million, which includes future cash outlays for the construction and development of properties for low-income housing, support for small businesses, and historic tax credit projects that qualify for CRA purposes. These commitments are not included in the commitments table above, as the timing and amounts are based upon the financing arrangements provided in each project s partnership or operating agreement and could change due to variances in the construction schedule, project revisions, or the cancellation of the project. 
 
 Contingencies. The Company enters into residential mortgage loan sale agreements with investors in the normal course of business. These agreements usually require certain representations concerning credit information, loan documentation, collateral and insurability. Investors have requested the Company to indemnify them against losses on certain loans or to repurchase loans which the investors believe do not comply with applicable representations. Upon completion of its own investigation, the Company generally repurchases or provides indemnification on certain loans. Indemnification requests are 
 90 

generally received within two years subsequent to sale. Management maintains a liability for estimated losses on loans expected to be repurchased or on which indemnification is expected to be provided and regularly evaluates the adequacy of this recourse liability based on trends in repurchase and indemnification requests, actual loss experience, known and inherent risks in the loans and current economic conditions. At December 31, 2022, the liability for estimated losses on repurchase and indemnification was approximately 624,000 and was included in other liabilities on the balance sheet. 

Forward Looking Statements 
 
 This document contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. Forward-looking information can be identified through the use of words such as intend, plan, project, expect, anticipate, believe, estimate, contemplate, possible, will, may, should, would and could. Forward-looking statements and information are not historical facts, are premised on many factors and assumptions, and represent only management s expectations, estimates and projections regarding future events. Similarly, these statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict such as the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic (including the continued emergence of variant strains). The Company intends such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward- looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and is including this statement for purposes of invoking these safe harbor provisions. Such forward-looking statements may be deemed to include, among other things, statements relating to the Company s future financial performance, the performance of its loan portfolio, the expected amount of future credit reserves and charge-offs, delinquency trends, growth plans, regulatory developments, securities that the Company may offer from time to time, and management s long-term performance goals, as well as statements relating to the anticipated effects on financial condition and results of operations from expected developments or events, the Company s business and growth strategies, including future acquisitions of banks, specialty finance or wealth management businesses, internal growth and plans to form additional de novo banks or branch offices. Actual results could differ materially from those addressed in the forward-looking statements as a result of numerous factors and uncertainties, including those discussed in the Risk Factors and summary thereof disclosed under Item 1A of this Annual Report on 10-K and in any of the Company s subsequent SEC filings. 
 
 Therefore, there can be no assurances that future actual results will correspond to any forward-looking statements. The reader is cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement made by the Company. Any such statement speaks only as of the date the statement was made or as of such date that may be referenced within the statement. The Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect the impact of circumstances or events after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Persons are advised, however, to consult further disclosures management makes on related subjects in its reports filed with the SEC and in its press releases. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISKS 
 
 Effects of Inflation 
 
 A banking organization s assets and liabilities are primarily monetary. Changes in the rate of inflation do not have as great an impact on the financial condition of a bank as do changes in interest rates. Moreover, interest rates do not necessarily change at the same percentage as inflation. Accordingly, changes in inflation are not expected to have a material impact on the Company. 
 
 Asset-Liability Management 
 
 As an ongoing part of its financial strategy, the Company attempts to manage the impact of fluctuations in market interest rates on net interest income. This effort entails providing a reasonable balance between interest rate risk, credit risk, liquidity risk and maintenance of yield. Asset-liability management policies are established and monitored by management in conjunction with the boards of directors of the banks, subject to general oversight by the Risk Management Committee of the Company s Board. The policies establish guidelines for acceptable limits on the sensitivity of the market value of assets and liabilities to changes in interest rates. 
 
 Interest rate risk arises when the maturity or re-pricing periods and interest rate indices of the interest-earning assets, interest-bearing liabilities, and derivative financial instruments are different. It is the risk that changes in the level of market interest rates will result in disproportionate changes in the value of, and the net earnings generated from, the Company s interest-earning assets, interest-bearing liabilities and derivative financial instruments. The Company continuously monitors not only the organization s current net interest margin, but also the historical trends of these margins. In addition, management attempts to identify potential adverse changes in net interest income in future years as a result interest rate fluctuations by performing simulation analysis of various interest rate environments. If a potential adverse change in net interest margin and/or net income is identified, management takes appropriate action with its asset-liability structure to mitigate these potentially adverse situations. Please refer to Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for further discussion of the net interest margin. 
 
 91 

Since the Company s primary source of interest-bearing liabilities is from customer deposits, the Company s ability to manage the types and terms of such deposits is somewhat limited by customer preferences and local competition in the market areas in which the banks operate. The rates, terms and interest rate indices of the Company s interest earning assets result primarily from the Company s strategy of investing in loans and securities that permit the Company to limit its exposure to interest rate risk, together with credit risk, while at the same time achieving an acceptable interest rate spread. 
 
 The Company s exposure to interest rate risk is reviewed on a regular basis by management and the Risk Management Committees of the boards of directors of the banks and the Company. The objective of the review is to measure the effect on net income and to adjust balance sheet and derivative financial instruments to minimize the inherent risk while at the same time maximize net interest income. 
 
 The following interest rate scenarios display the percentage change in net interest income over a one-year time horizon assuming increases and decreases of 100 and 200 basis points. The Static Shock Scenario results incorporate actual cash flows and repricing characteristics for balance sheet instruments following an instantaneous, parallel change in market rates based upon a static (i.e. no growth or constant) balance sheet. Conversely, the Ramp Scenario results incorporate management s projections of future volume and pricing of each of the product lines following a gradual, parallel change in market rates over twelve months. Actual results may differ from these simulated results due to timing, magnitude, and frequency of interest rate changes as well as changes in market conditions and management strategies. The interest rate sensitivity for both the Static Shock and Ramp Scenarios at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 is as follows: 
 
 Static Shock Scenarios +200 Basis Points +100 Basis Points -100 Basis Points -200 Basis Points December 31, 2022 7.2 3.8 (5.0) (12.1) December 31, 2021 25.3 12.4 (8.5) (15.8) Ramp Scenarios +200 Basis Points +100 Basis Points -100 Basis Points -200 Basis Points December 31, 2022 5.6 3.0 (2.9) (6.8) December 31, 2021 13.9 6.9 (5.6) (10.8) 
 
 One method utilized by financial institutions, including the Company, to manage interest rate risk is to enter into derivative financial instruments. Derivative financial instruments include interest rate swaps, interest rate caps, floors and collars, futures, forwards, option contracts and other financial instruments with similar characteristics. Additionally, the Company enters into commitments to fund certain mortgage loans (interest rate locks) to be sold into the secondary market and forward commitments for the future delivery of mortgage loans to third party investors. See Note (21) Derivative Financial Instruments to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information on the Company s derivative financial instruments. 
 
 During 2022 and 2021, the Company entered into certain covered call option transactions related to certain securities held by the Company. The Company uses these option transactions (rather than entering into other derivative interest rate contracts, such as interest rate floors) to economically hedge positions and compensate for net interest margin compression by increasing the total return associated with the related securities through fees generated from these options. Although the revenue received from these options is recorded as non-interest income rather than interest income, the increased return attributable to the related securities from these options contributes to the Company s overall profitability. The Company s exposure to interest rate risk may be impacted by these transactions. To further mitigate this risk, the Company may acquire fixed rate term debt or use financial derivative instruments. There were no covered call options outstanding as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 92 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Wintrust Financial Corporation 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of condition of Wintrust Financial Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 93 

Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates. 
 
 Allowance for credit losses Description of the Matter At December 31, 2022, the Company s loan portfolio totaled 39.2 billion and the associated Allowance for credit losses (ACL) was 357.4 million. As more fully described in Notes (1) and (5) to the consolidated financial statements, the ACL represents management s estimate of expected credit losses over the contractual term of the loan. The ACL is measured on a collective or pooled basis when assets share the same risk characteristics or on an individual basis when assets do not share similar risk characteristics. For assets measured on a collective basis, the Company applies modeling methodologies that utilize the Company's historical loss experience to estimate lifetime credit loss rates on each pool, including methodologies estimating the probability of default and loss given default on specific segments. The historical credit loss experience utilized in the ACL models is adjusted for the Company s reasonable and supportable economic forecasts. The modeled results are then adjusted for certain qualitative factors. For assets measured on an individual basis, the Company measures the expected losses primarily based on the estimated collateral value. 
 
 Auditing management s estimate of the ACL was especially challenging due to the complexity of the Company's ACL models and the significant judgement required in establishing management's reasonable and supportable economic forecasts. 
 
 How we Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of internal controls over the ACL process, including among other things, controls over management s process of assessing and challenging the reasonable and supportable economic forecasts, the development, operation and monitoring of the ACL models, and the completeness and accuracy of key inputs and assumptions used in the ACL models. 
 
 To test the Company s ACL models, we involved our specialists to test a sample of the ACL models by evaluating model methodology, model performance and testing key modeling assumptions. Additionally, we tested the accuracy of data utilized by the models by agreeing key data fields to source documentation and performed targeted re-calculations for a sample of models. 
 
 To test the reasonable and supportable economic forecasts, our audit procedures included among others, evaluating the basis of the economic forecast factors utilized by management and testing the completeness and accuracy of data used by management to develop the economic forecasts. 
 
 In addition, we evaluated the overall ACL and whether the ACL appropriately reflects expected lifetime losses in the loan portfolio as of the consolidated balance sheet date. For example, we compared the overall ACL amount to those established by similar banking institutions with similar loan portfolios. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1999. 
 
 February 28, 2023 
 94 

WINTRUST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CONDITION 
 December 31, (In thousands, except share data) 2022 2021 Assets Cash and due from banks Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements Interest-bearing deposits with banks Available-for-sale securities, at fair value Held-to-maturity securities, at amortized cost, net of allowance for credit losses of and at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively billion and billion fair value at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 
 Trading account securities Equity securities with readily determinable fair value Federal Home Loan Bank and Federal Reserve Bank stock Brokerage customer receivables Mortgage loans held-for-sale, at fair value Loans, net of unearned income Allowance for loan losses ) ) Net loans Premises, software and equipment, net Lease investments, net Accrued interest receivable and other assets Trade date securities receivable Goodwill Other acquisition-related intangible assets Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Deposits: Non-interest-bearing Interest-bearing Total deposits Federal Home Loan Bank advances Other borrowings Subordinated notes Junior subordinated debentures Accrued interest payable and other liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders Equity: Preferred stock, no par value; shares authorized: 
 Series D - liquidation value; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Series E - liquidation value; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Common stock, no par value; stated value; shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; shares issued at December 31, 2022 and shares issued at December 31, 2021 
 Surplus Treasury stock, at cost, shares at December 31, 2022 and shares at December 31, 2021 
 ) ) Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 95 

WINTRUST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 
 Years Ended December 31, (In thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Interest income Interest and fees on loans Mortgage loans held-for-sale Interest-bearing deposits with banks Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements Investment securities Trading account securities Federal Home Loan Bank and Federal Reserve Bank stock Brokerage customer receivables Total interest income Interest expense Interest on deposits Interest on Federal Home Loan Bank advances Interest on other borrowings Interest on subordinated notes Interest on junior subordinated debentures Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses ) Net interest income after provision for credit losses Non-interest income Wealth management Mortgage banking Service charges on deposit accounts Losses on investment securities, net ) ) ) Fees from covered call options Trading gains (losses), net ) Operating lease income, net Other Total non-interest income Non-interest expense Salaries and employee benefits Software and equipment Operating lease equipment Occupancy, net Data processing Advertising and marketing Professional fees Amortization of other acquisition-related intangible assets FDIC insurance OREO expense, net ) ) ) Other Total non-interest expense Income before taxes Income tax expense Net income Preferred stock dividends Net income applicable to common shares Net income per common share Basic Net income per common share Diluted Cash dividends declared per common share Weighted average common shares outstanding Dilutive potential common shares Average common shares and dilutive common shares 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 96 

WINTRUST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 
 Years Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Net income Unrealized (losses) gains on available-for-sale securities Before tax ) ) Tax effect ) Net of tax ) ) Reclassification of net gains on available-for-sale securities included in net income Before tax Tax effect ) ) ) Net of tax Reclassification of amortization of unrealized gains on investment securities transferred to held-to-maturity from available-for-sale Before tax Tax effect ) ) ) Net of tax Net unrealized (losses) gains on available-for-sale securities ) ) Unrealized (losses) gains on derivative instruments Before tax ) ) Tax effect ) Net unrealized (losses) gains on derivative instruments ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment Before tax ) Tax effect ) ) Net foreign currency translation adjustment ) Total other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Comprehensive income 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

97 

WINTRUST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In thousands, except per share data) Preferred stock Common stock Surplus Treasury stock Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Total shareholders equity Balance at December 31, 2019 ) ) Cumulative effect adjustment from the adoption of ASU 2016-13, net of tax ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Cash dividends declared on common stock, per share 
 ) ) Dividends on Series D preferred stock, per share and Series E preferred stock, per share 
 ) ) Common stock repurchased under authorized program ) ) Stock-based compensation ) ) Issuance of Series E Preferred Stock ) Common stock issued for: Exercise of stock options and warrants ) Restricted stock awards ) ) ) Employee stock purchase plan Director compensation plan Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Cash dividends declared on common stock, per share 
 ) ) Dividends on Series D preferred stock, per share and Series E preferred stock, per share 
 ) ) Common stock repurchased under authorized program ) ) Stock-based compensation Common stock issued for: Exercise of stock options and warrants Restricted stock awards ) Employee stock purchase plan Director compensation plan Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Cash dividends declared on common stock, per share 
 ) ) Dividends on Series D preferred stock, per share and Series E preferred stock, per share 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation Common stock issued for: New issuance, net of cost Exercise of stock options and warrants ) Restricted stock awards ) Employee stock purchase plan Director compensation plan Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 98 

WINTRUST FINANCIAL CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Years Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Operating Activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used for) operating activities Provision for credit losses ) Depreciation, amortization and accretion, net Deferred income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense (benefit) ) Amortization of premium on securities, net Accretion of discount and deferred fees on loans, net ) ) ) Mortgage servicing rights fair value changes, net of economic hedge ) Non-designated derivatives fair value changes, net ) ) Originations and purchases of mortgage loans held-for-sale ) ) ) Early buy-out exercises of mortgage loans held-for-sale guaranteed by U.S. government agencies, net of subsequent paydowns or payoffs ) Proceeds from sales of mortgage loans held-for-sale Bank owned life insurance BOLI loss (income) ) ) (Increase) decrease in trading securities, net ) ) Decrease (increase) in brokerage customer receivables, net ) ) Gains on mortgage loans sold ) ) ) Losses on investment securities, net, and dividend reinvestment on equity securities Losses (gains) on sales of premises and equipment, net, and sale of related deposit liabilities ) Gains on sales and fair value adjustments of other real estate owned, net ) ) ) (Increase) decrease in accrued interest receivable and other assets, net ) ) Increase in accrued interest payable and other liabilities, net Net Cash Provided by (Used for) Operating Activities ) Investing Activities: Proceeds from maturities and calls of available-for-sale securities Proceeds from maturities and calls of held-to-maturity securities Proceeds from sales of available-for-sale securities Proceeds from sales of equity securities with readily determinable fair value Proceeds from sales and capital distributions of equity securities without readily determinable fair value Purchases of available-for-sale securities ) ) ) Purchases of held-to-maturity securities ) ) ) Purchases of equity securities with readily determinable fair value ) ) ) Purchases of equity securities without readily determinable fair value ) ) ) (Redemptions) purchases of FHLB and FRB stock, net ) ) Distributions from (contributions to) investments in partnerships, net ) Net cash paid in business combinations ) Proceeds from sale of other real estate owned Decrease (increase) in securities purchased under resale agreements with terms exceeding three months, net ) Decrease (increase) in interest-bearing deposits with banks, net ) ) Increase in loans, net ) ) ) Redemption of BOLI Purchases of premises and equipment, net ) ) ) Net Cash Used for Investing Activities ) ) ) Financing Activities: Increase in deposit accounts, net Increase (decrease) in other borrowings, net ) Increase in Federal Home Loan Bank advances, net Cash payments to settle contingent consideration liabilities recognized in business combinations ) ) Proceeds from the issuance of common stock, net Proceeds from the issuance of preferred stock, net Issuance of common shares resulting from exercise of stock options and employee stock purchase plan Common stock repurchases under authorized program ) ) Common stock repurchases for tax withholdings related to stock-based compensation ) ) Dividends paid ) ) ) Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities Net Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Period Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Period Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: Cash paid during the year for: Interest Income taxes, net Business combinations: Fair value of assets acquired, including cash and cash equivalents Value ascribed to goodwill and other intangible assets Fair value of liabilities assumed Non-cash activities Transfer to other real estate owned from loans 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 99 

(1) 

100 

million of securities sold under agreements to repurchase with original maturities exceeding three months. As a result, such balance was not considered a cash equivalent for purposes of the Company s Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the respective period. There were securities sold under agreements to repurchase with original maturities exceeding three months at December 31, 2022. 

101 

102 

103 

or less. 
 
 years for furniture, fixtures and equipment, two to for software and computer-related equipment and seven to years for buildings and improvements. Land improvements are amortized over a period of years and leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the useful life of the improvement or the term of the respective lease including any lease renewals deemed to be reasonably assured. Land, antique furnishings and artwork are not subject to depreciation. Expenditures for major additions and improvements are capitalized, and maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Eligible costs related to the configuration, coding, testing and installation of internal use software and qualifying cloud computing arrangements are capitalized. 
 
 Long-lived depreciable assets are evaluated periodically for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Impairment exists when the expected undiscounted future cash flows of a long-lived asset are less than its carrying value. In that event, a loss is recognized for the difference between the carrying value and the estimated fair value of the asset based on a quoted market price, if applicable, or a discounted cash flow analysis. Impairment losses are recognized in other non-interest expense. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, other real estate owned totaled million and million, respectively. 
 104 

. 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, BOLI totaled million and million, respectively. 
 
 105 

likely of being realized upon settlement with the tax authority, assuming full knowledge of the position and all relevant facts. Interest and penalties on income tax uncertainties are classified within income tax expense in the income statement. 
 
 106 

Going Concern 
 
 In connection with preparing financial statements for each reporting period, the Company evaluates whether conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, exist that would raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date the financial statements are issued. If substantial doubt exists, specific disclosures are required to be included in the Company's financial statements issued. Through its evaluation, the Company did not identify any conditions or events that would raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the issuance of these consolidated financial statements. 

107 

108 

(2) 

109 

(3) 
 
 U.S. government agencies ) Municipal ) ) Corporate notes: Financial issuers ) ) Other Mortgage-backed: (1) 
 Mortgage-backed securities ) ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) Total available-for-sale securities ) ) Held-to-maturity securities U.S. government agencies ) ) Municipal ) ) Mortgage-backed: (1) 
 Mortgage-backed securities ) ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) Corporate notes ) ) Total held-to-maturity securities ) ) Less: Allowance for credit losses ) ) Held-to-maturity securities, net of allowance for credit losses Equity securities with readily determinable fair value ) ) 
 (1) Consisting entirely of residential mortgage-backed securities, of which are subprime. 
 
 Equity securities without readily determinable fair values totaled million as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021. Equity securities without readily determinable fair values are included as part of accrued interest receivable and other assets in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Condition. The Company monitors its equity investments without readily determinable fair values to identify potential transactions that may indicate an observable price change in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer, requiring adjustment to its carrying amount. The Company recorded upward and downward adjustments related to such observable price changes in 2022 or 2021. The Company conducts a quarterly assessment of its equity securities without readily determinable fair values to determine whether impairment exists in such equity securities, considering, among other factors, the nature of the securities, financial condition of the issuer and expected future cash flows. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company recorded million and million, respectively, of impairment of equity securities without readily determinable fair values. 
 
 110 

U.S. government agencies ) ) ) Municipal ) ) ) Corporate notes: Financial issuers ) ) ) Other Mortgage-backed: (1) 
 Mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) ) Total available-for-sale securities ) ) ) 
 (1) Consisting entirely of residential mortgage-backed securities, of which are subprime. 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 Continuous unrealized losses existing for less than 12 months Continuous unrealized losses existing for greater than 12 months Total (In thousands) Fair value Unrealized losses Fair value Unrealized losses Fair value Unrealized losses Available-for-sale securities U.S. Treasury U.S. government agencies Municipal ) ) ) Corporate notes: Financial issuers ) ) ) Other Mortgage-backed: (1) 
 Mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Collateralized mortgage obligations Total available-for-sale securities ) ) ) 
 (1) Consisting entirely of residential mortgage-backed securities, of which are subprime. 
 
 The Company conducts a regular assessment of its investment securities to determine whether securities are experiencing credit losses. Factors for consideration include the nature of the securities, credit ratings or financial condition of the issuer, the extent of the unrealized loss, expected cash flows, market conditions and the Company s ability to hold the securities through the anticipated recovery period. 
 
 The Company does not consider available-for-sale securities with unrealized losses at December 31, 2022 to be experiencing credit losses and recognized no resulting allowance for credit losses for such individually assessed credit losses. The Company does not intend to sell these investments and it is more likely than not that the Company will not be required to sell these investments before recovery of the amortized cost bases, which may be the maturity dates of the securities. The unrealized losses within each category have occurred as a result of changes in interest rates, market spreads and market conditions subsequent to purchase. Available-for-sale securities with continuous unrealized losses existing for more than twelve months at December 31, 2022 were primarily mortgage-backed securities with unrealized losses due to increased market rates during such period. 
 
 See Note (5) Allowance for Credit Losses for further discussion regarding any credit losses associated with held-to-maturity securities at December 31, 2022. 
 111 

Realized losses on investment securities ) ) ) Net realized gains on investment securities Unrealized gains on equity securities with readily determinable fair value Unrealized losses on equity securities with readily determinable fair value ) ) ) Net unrealized (losses) gains on equity securities with readily determinable fair value ) Upward adjustments of equity securities without readily determinable fair values Downward adjustments of equity securities without readily determinable fair values Impairment of equity securities without readily determinable fair values ) ) ) Adjustment and impairment, net, of equity securities without readily determinable fair values ) ) ) Losses on investment securities, net ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of available-for-sale securities (1) 
 Proceeds from sales of equity securities with readily determinable fair value Proceeds from sales and capital distributions of equity securities without readily determinable fair value 
 (1) Includes proceeds from available-for-sale securities sold in accordance with written covered call options sold to a third party. 
 
 Net losses on investment securities resulted in income tax benefit of million, and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 112 

Due in one to five years Due in five to ten years Due after ten years Mortgage-backed Total available-for-sale securities Held-to-maturity securities Due in one year or less Due in one to five years Due in five to ten years Due after ten years Mortgage-backed Total held-to-maturity securities Less: Allowance for credit losses ) ) Held-to-maturity securities, net of allowance for credit losses 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, securities having a carrying value of billion and billion, respectively, were pledged as collateral for public deposits, trust deposits, FHLB advances, securities sold under repurchase agreements and derivatives. At December 31, 2022, there were securities of a single issuer, other than U.S. government-sponsored agency securities, which exceeded 10 of shareholders equity. 
 
 113 

(4) 
 
 Commercial real estate Home equity Residential real estate Premium finance receivables property casualty Premium finance receivables life insurance Consumer and other Total loans, net of unearned income Mix: Commercial Commercial real estate Home equity Residential real estate Premium finance receivables property casualty Premium finance receivables life insurance Consumer and other Total loans, net of unearned income 
 
 The Company s loan portfolio is generally comprised of loans to consumers and small to medium-sized businesses, which, for the commercial and commercial real estate portfolios, are located primarily within the geographic market areas that the banks serve. Various niche lending businesses, including lease finance and franchise lending, operate on a national level. The premium finance receivables portfolios are made to customers throughout the United States and Canada. The Company strives to maintain a loan portfolio that is diverse in terms of loan type, industry, borrower and geographic concentrations. Such diversification reduces the exposure to economic downturns that may occur in different segments of the economy or in different industries. 
 
 Certain premium finance receivables are recorded net of unearned income. The unearned income portions of such premium finance receivables were million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Total loans, excluding PCD loans, include net deferred loan fees and costs and fair value purchase accounting adjustments totaling million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Certain real estate loans, including mortgage loans held-for-sale, commercial, consumer, and home equity loans with balances totaling approximately billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were pledged as collateral to secure the availability of borrowings from certain federal agency banks. At December 31, 2022, approximately billion of these pledged loans are included in a blanket pledge of qualifying loans to the FHLB. The remaining million of pledged loans was used to secure potential borrowings at the FRB discount window. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the banks had outstanding borrowings of billion and billion, respectively, from the FHLB in connection with these collateral arrangements. See Note (11) Federal Home Loan Bank Advances for a summary of these borrowings. 
 
 It is the policy of the Company to review each prospective credit in order to determine the appropriateness and, when required, the adequacy of security or collateral necessary to obtain when making a loan. The type of collateral, when required, will vary from liquid assets to real estate. The Company seeks to assure access to collateral, in the event of default, through adherence to state lending laws and the Company s credit monitoring procedures. 

(5) 

114 

115 

million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. 
 
 116 

Commercial real estate: Construction and development Non-construction Home equity Residential real estate loans, excluding early buy-out loans Premium finance receivables Property casualty insurance loans Life insurance loans Consumer and other Total loans, net of unearned income, excluding early buy-out loans Early buy-out loans guaranteed by U.S. government agencies (1) 
 Total loans, net of unearned income 
 As of December 31, 2021 
 (In thousands) 
 Nonaccrual 90+ days and still accruing 60-89 days past due 30-59 days past due Current Total Loans Loan Balances (includes PCD): Commercial Commercial real estate Construction and development Non-construction Home equity Residential real estate loans, excluding early buy-out loans Premium finance receivables Property casualty insurance loans Life insurance loans Consumer and other Total loans, net of unearned income, excluding early buy-out loans Early buy-out loans guaranteed by U.S. government agencies (1) 
 Total loans, net of unearned income 

117 

118 

Special mention Substandard accrual Substandard nonaccrual/doubtful Total commercial, industrial and other Construction and development Pass Special mention Substandard accrual Substandard nonaccrual/doubtful Total construction and development Non-construction Pass Special mention Substandard accrual Substandard nonaccrual/doubtful Total non-construction Home equity Pass Special mention Substandard accrual Substandard nonaccrual/doubtful Total home equity Residential real estate Early buy-out loans guaranteed by U.S. government agencies Pass Special mention Substandard accrual Substandard nonaccrual/doubtful Total residential real estate Premium finance receivables - property casualty Pass Special mention Substandard accrual Substandard nonaccrual/doubtful Total premium finance receivables - property casualty Premium finance receivables - life Pass Special mention Substandard accrual Substandard nonaccrual/doubtful Total premium finance receivables - life Consumer and other Pass Special mention Substandard accrual Substandard nonaccrual/doubtful Total consumer and other Total loans Early buy-out loans guaranteed by U.S. government agencies 
 119 

Special mention Substandard accrual Substandard nonaccrual/doubtful Total loans 
 
 Held-to-maturity debt securities 
 
 The Company conducts an assessment of its investment securities, including those classified as held-to-maturity, at the time of purchase and on at least an annual basis to ensure such investment securities remain within appropriate levels of risk and continue to perform satisfactorily in fulfilling its obligations. The Company considers, among other factors, the nature of the securities and credit ratings or financial condition of the issuer. If available, the Company obtains a credit rating for issuers from a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization NRSRO for consideration. If no such rating is available for an issuer, the Company performs an internal rating based on the scale utilized within the loan portfolio as discussed above. 
 
 5-7 internal grade 8-10 internal grade Total U.S. government agencies Municipal 1-4 internal grade 5-7 internal grade 8-10 internal grade Total municipal Mortgage-backed securities 1-4 internal grade 5-7 internal grade 8-10 internal grade Total mortgage-backed securities Corporate notes 1-4 internal grade 5-7 internal grade 8-10 internal grade Total corporate notes Total held-to-maturity securities Less: Allowance for credit losses ) Held-to-maturity securities, net of allowance for credit losses 

120 

Allowance for unfunded lending-related commitments losses Allowance for loan losses and unfunded lending-related commitments losses Allowance for held-to-maturity securities losses Allowance for credit losses 
 
 The allowance for credit losses is measured on a collective or pooled basis when similar risk characteristics exist, based upon the segmentation discussed above. The Company utilizes modeling methodologies that estimate lifetime credit loss rates on each pool, including methodologies estimating the probability of default and loss given default on specific segments. Historical credit loss history is adjusted for reasonable and supportable forecasts developed by the Company on a quantitative or qualitative basis and incorporates third party economic forecasts. Reasonable and supportable forecasts consider the macroeconomic factors that are most relevant to evaluating and predicting expected credit losses in the Company s financial assets. Currently, the Company utilizes an eight quarter forecast period using Moody s baseline scenario from November 2022, which is reviewed within the Company s governance structure. For periods beyond the ability to develop reasonable and supportable forecasts, the Company reverts to historical loss rates at an input level, straight-line over a four quarter reversion period. Expected credit losses are measured over the contractual term of the financial asset with consideration of expected prepayments. Expected extensions, renewals or modifications of the financial asset are only considered when either (1) the expected extension, renewal or modification is contained within the existing agreement and is not unconditionally cancelable, or (2) the expected extension, renewal or modification is reasonably expected to result in a TDR. The methodologies discussed above are applied to both current asset balances on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Condition and off-balance sheet commitments (i.e. unfunded lending-related commitments). 
 
 Assets that do not share similar risk characteristics with a pool are assessed for the allowance for credit losses on an individual basis. These typically include assets experiencing financial difficulties, including assets rated as substandard nonaccrual and doubtful as well as assets currently classified or expected to be classified as TDRs. If foreclosure is probable or the asset is considered collateral-dependent, expected credit losses are measured based upon the fair value of the underlying collateral adjusted for selling costs, if appropriate. Underlying collateral across the Company s segments consist primarily of real estate, land and construction assets as well as general business assets of the borrower. As of December 31, 2022, excluding loans carried at fair value, substandard nonaccrual and doubtful loans totaling million in carrying balance had no related allowance for credit losses. For certain accruing current and expected TDRs, expected credit losses are measured based upon the present value of future cash flows of the modified asset terms compared to the amortized cost of the asset. As of December 31, 2022, there were loans identified as being reasonably expected to be modified into TDRs in the future. 
 
 The Company does not measure an allowance for credit losses on accrued interest receivable balances because these balances are written off in a timely manner as a reduction to interest income when assets are placed on nonaccrual status. 

121 

Loan portfolios 
 
 Other adjustments ) ) Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision for credit losses ) Allowance for credit losses at period end By measurement method: Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Loans at period end: Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Loans held at fair value 
 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 2021 
 (In thousands) 
 Commercial Commercial Real Estate Home Equity Residential Real Estate Premium Finance Receivable Consumer and Other Total Loans Allowance for credit losses at beginning of period Initial allowance for credit losses recognized on PCD assets acquired during the period (1) 
 Other adjustments Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Provision for credit losses ) ) ) ) ) Allowance for credit losses at period end By measurement method: Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Loans at period end: Individually evaluated for impairment Collectively evaluated for impairment Loan held at fair value 
 (1) The initial allowance for credit losses on PCD loans acquired during 2021 measured approximately million, of which million was charged off related to PCD loans that met the Company s charge-off policy at the time of acquisition. After considering these loans that were immediately charged off, the net impact of PCD allowance for credit losses at the acquisition date was approximately . 
 
 For the year ending December 31, 2022, the Company recognized an approximately million provision for credit losses related to loans and lending agreements, including an approximately million provision for credit losses related to the commercial real estate portfolio. The increased provision was primarily the result of changes in the macroeconomic forecast, specifically the Company s macroeconomic forecasts of key model inputs (most notably, Commercial Real Estate Price Index primarily impacting the commercial real estate portfolio and Baa corporate credit spreads) as well as growth experienced by the Company in 2022 in various loan portfolios. While uncertainties remain regarding expected economic performance, macroeconomic forecasts as of December 31, 2022 assume that the impact of those uncertainties is more severe compared to that assumed at December 31, 2021. Other key drivers of provision for credit losses in these portfolios include, but are not limited to, positive loan risk rating migration and net charge-offs in 2022 totaled million. 
 122 

and , respectively, of provision for credit losses related to held-to-maturity securities. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company did not identify any losses within its portfolio that would be deemed a credit loss and require additional measurement of an allowance for credit losses. 

million in loans modified in TDRs. The million in TDRs represents credits in which economic concessions were granted to certain borrowers to better align the terms of their loans with their current ability to pay. 
 
 The Company s approach to restructuring loans is built on its credit risk rating system, which requires credit management personnel to assign a credit risk rating to each loan. In each case, the loan officer is responsible for recommending a credit risk rating for each loan and ensuring the credit risk ratings are appropriate. These credit risk ratings are then reviewed and approved by the bank s chief credit officer and/or concurrence credit officer. Credit risk ratings are determined by evaluating a number of factors including a borrower s financial strength, cash flow coverage, collateral protection and guarantees. The Company s credit risk rating scale is one through ten with higher scores indicating higher risk. In the case of loans rated six or worse following modification, the Company s Managed Assets Division evaluates the loan and the credit risk rating and determines that the loan has been restructured to be reasonably assured of repayment and of performance according to the modified terms and is supported by a current, well-documented credit assessment of the borrower s financial condition and prospects for repayment under the revised terms. 
 
 A modification of a loan with an existing credit risk rating of 6 or worse or a modification of any other credit, which will result in a restructured credit risk rating of 6 or worse must be reviewed for possible TDR classification. In that event, the Company s Managed Assets Division conducts an overall credit and collateral review. A modification of a loan is considered to be a TDR if both (1) the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty and (2) for economic or legal reasons, the bank grants a concession to a borrower that it would not otherwise consider. The modification of a loan where the credit risk rating is 5 or better after such modification is not considered to be a TDR. Based on the Company s credit risk rating system, it considers that borrowers whose credit risk rating is 5 or better are not experiencing financial difficulties and therefore, are not considered TDRs. 
 
 All credits determined to be a TDR will continue to be classified as a TDR in all subsequent periods, unless the borrower has been in compliance with the loan s modified terms for a period of six months (including over a calendar year-end) and the current interest rate represents a market rate at the time of restructuring. The Managed Assets Division, in consultation with the respective loan officer, determines whether the modified interest rate represented a current market rate at the time of restructuring. Using knowledge of current market conditions and rates, competitive pricing on recent loan originations, and an assessment of various characteristics of the modified loan (including collateral position and payment history), an appropriate market rate for a new borrower with similar risk is determined. If the modified interest rate meets or exceeds this market rate for a new borrower with similar risk, the modified interest rate represents a market rate at the time of restructuring. Additionally, before removing a loan from TDR classification, a review of the current or previously measured impairment on the loan and any concerns related to future performance by the borrower is conducted. If concerns exist about the future ability of the borrower to meet its obligations under the loans based on a credit review by the Managed Assets Division, the TDR classification is not removed from the loan. 
 
 TDRs are individually assessed at the time of modification and on a quarterly basis to measure an allowance for credit loss. The carrying amount of the loan is compared to the expected payments to be received, discounted at the loan s original rate, or for collateral dependent loans, to the fair value of the collateral. Any shortfall is recorded as a reserve. Each TDR was individually assessed at December 31, 2022 and approximately of allowance for credit losses was measured through the Company s normal reserving methodology. 
 
 TDRs may arise in which, due to financial difficulties experienced by the borrower, the Company obtains through physical possession one or more collateral assets in satisfaction of all or part of an existing credit. Once possession is obtained, the Company reclassifies the appropriate portion of the remaining balance of the credit from loans to OREO, which is included within other assets in the Consolidated Statements of Condition. For any residential real estate property collateralizing a consumer mortgage loan, the Company is considered to possess the related collateral only if legal title is obtained upon completion of foreclosure, or the borrower conveys all interest in the residential real estate property to the Company through 
 123 

million of foreclosed residential real estate properties included within OREO. Further, the recorded investment in residential mortgage loans secured by residential real estate properties for which foreclosure proceedings are in process totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Commercial real estate Non-construction Residential real estate and other Total loans Year ended 
 December 31, 2021 
 Total (1)(2) 
 Extension at 
 Below Market 
 Terms (2) 
 Reduction of 
 Interest Rate (2) 
 Modification to 
 Interest-only 
 Payments (2) 
 Forgiveness of Debt (2) 
 (In thousands) Count Balance Count Balance Count Balance Count Balance Count Balance Commercial Commercial, industrial and other Commercial real estate Non-construction Residential real estate and other Total loans Year ended 
 December 31, 2020 
 Total (1)(2) 
 Extension at 
 Below Market 
 Terms (2) 
 Reduction of 
 Interest Rate (2) 
 Modification to 
 Interest-only 
 Payments (2) 
 Forgiveness of Debt (2) 
 (In thousands) Count Balance Count Balance Count Balance Count Balance Count Balance Commercial Commercial, industrial and other Commercial real estate Non-construction Residential real estate and other Total loans 
 (1) TDRs may have more than one modification representing a concession. As such, TDRs during the period may be represented in more than one of the categories noted above. 
 (2) Balances represent the recorded investment in the loan at the time of the restructuring. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, million, or loans, were determined to be TDRs, compared to million, or loans, and million, or loans, in the years ended 2021 and 2020, respectively. Of these loans extended at below market terms, the weighted average extension had a term of approximately months in 2022 compared to months in 2021 and months in 2020. Further, the weighted average decrease in the stated interest rate for loans with a reduction of interest rate during the period was approximately basis points, compared to basis points and basis points during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Interest-only payment terms were approximately during the year ended 2022 compared to and months for the years ended 2021 and 2020, respectively. Additionally, principal balances were forgiven on the loans noted above in 2022 and 2021 compared to principal balance forgiven during 2020. 

124 

Commercial real-estate Non-construction Residential real estate and other Total loans 
 (1) Total TDRs represent all loans restructured in TDRs during the year indicated. 
 (2) TDRs considered to be in payment default are over 30 days past-due subsequent to the restructuring. 
 (3) Balances represent the recorded investment in the loan at the time of the restructuring. 

(6) 
 
 Additions from loans sold with servicing retained Estimate of changes in fair value due to: Early buyout options EBO exercised ) ) ) Payoffs and paydowns ) ) ) Changes in valuation inputs or assumptions ) Fair value at end of year Unpaid principal balance of mortgage loans serviced for others 
 
 The Company recognizes MSR assets upon the sale of residential real estate loans to external third parties when it retains the obligation to service the loans and the servicing fee is more than adequate compensation. The initial recognition of MSR assets from loans sold with servicing retained and subsequent changes in fair value of all MSRs are recognized in mortgage banking revenue. MSRs are subject to changes in value from actual and expected prepayment of the underlying loans. 
 
 The estimation of fair value related to MSRs is partly impacted by the Company exercising its EBO on eligible loans previously sold to the Government National Mortgage Association GNMA ). Under such optional repurchase program, financial institutions acting as servicers are allowed to buy back from the securitized loan pool individual delinquent mortgage loans meeting certain criteria for which the institution was the original transferor of such loans. At the option of the servicer and without prior authorization from GNMA, the servicer may repurchase such delinquent loans for an amount equal to the remaining principal balance of the loan. At the time of such repurchase, any MSR value related to such loans is derecognized. 
 
 The MSR asset fair value is determined by using a discounted cash flow model that incorporates the objective characteristics of the portfolio as well as subjective valuation parameters that purchasers of servicing would apply to such portfolios sold into the secondary market. The subjective factors include loan prepayment speeds, discount rates, servicing costs and other economic factors. The Company uses a third party to assist in the valuation of MSRs. 
 
 Periodically the Company will purchase options for the right to purchase securities not currently held within the banks investment portfolios or enter into interest rate swaps in which the Company elects to not designate such derivatives as hedging instruments. These option and swap transactions are designed primarily to economically hedge a portion of the fair value adjustments related to the Company s MSRs. The gain or loss associated with these derivative contracts is included in mortgage banking revenue. For more information regarding these hedges outstanding as of December 31, 2022, see Note (21) Derivative Financial Instruments in Item 8 of this report. There were no such options or swaps outstanding as of December 31, 2021. 
 125 

(7) 
 
 million of loans, net of allowance for credit losses measured on the acquisition date. The loan portfolio was comprised of approximately loans to Allstate agents nationally. In addition to acquiring the loans, the Company became the national preferred provider of loans to Allstate agents. In connection with the loan acquisition, a team of Allstate agency lending specialists joined the Company to augment and expand Wintrust s existing insurance agency finance business. As the transaction was determined to be a business combination, the Company recorded goodwill of approximately million on the purchase. 

(8) 
 
 Specialty finance ) Wealth management Total ) 
 
 The specialty finance segment s goodwill decreased million in 2022 as a result of foreign currency translation adjustments related to prior Canadian acquisitions. 
 
 The Company assesses each reporting unit s goodwill for impairment on at least an annual basis and considers potential indicators of impairment at each reporting date between annual goodwill impairment tests. At October 1, 2022, the Company utilized a qualitative approach for its annual goodwill impairment tests of the banking, specialty finance and wealth management reporting units and determined that no impairment existed at that time. 
 
 At each reporting date between annual goodwill impairment tests, the Company considers potential indicators of impairment. The Company assessed whether events and circumstances as of each reporting date in 2022 resulted in it being more likely than not that the fair value of any reporting unit was less than its carrying value. Potential impairment indicators considered include the condition of the economy and banking industry; government intervention and regulatory updates; the impact of recent events to financial performance and cost factors of the reporting units; performance of the Company s stock and other relevant events. As of December 31, 2022, the Company identified no indicators of goodwill impairment subsequent to its analysis as of October 1, 2022 within the community banking, specialty finance or wealth management reporting units and the Company determined it was more likely than not that the fair value of all reporting units exceeded the respective carrying value of such reporting unit. 
 
 126 

Accumulated amortization ) ) Net carrying amount Trademark with indefinite lives: Carrying amount Total net carrying amount Specialty finance segment: Customer list intangibles with finite lives: Gross carrying amount Accumulated amortization ) ) Net carrying amount Wealth management segment: Customer list and other intangibles with finite lives: Gross carrying amount Accumulated amortization ) ) Net carrying amount Total acquisition-related intangible assets: Gross carrying amount Accumulated amortization ) ) Total acquisition-related intangible assets, net 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 
 
 The core deposit intangibles recognized in connection with prior bank acquisitions are amortized over a period on an accelerated basis. The customer list intangibles recognized in connection with the purchase of life insurance premium finance assets in 2009 are being amortized over an period on an accelerated basis. The customer list and other intangibles recognized in connection with prior acquisitions within the wealth management segment are being amortized over a period of up to on a straight-line basis. Indefinite-lived intangible assets consist of certain trade and domain names recognized in connection with the acquisition of certain assets of Veterans First Mortgage in 2018. As indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized, the Company assesses impairment on at least an annual basis. 
 
 Total amortization expense associated with finite-lived intangibles in 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 127 

(9) 
 
 Buildings and leasehold improvements Furniture, equipment and computer software Construction in progress Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization Total premises, software, and equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense related to premises, software and equipment totaled million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. 

(10) 
 
 NOW and interest-bearing demand deposits Wealth management deposits Money market Savings Time certificates of deposit Total deposits 
 Mix: Non-interest bearing NOW and interest-bearing demand deposits Wealth management deposits Money market Savings Time certificates of deposit Total deposits 

Wealth management deposits represent deposit balances (primarily money market accounts) at the Company s subsidiary banks from brokerage customers of Wintrust Investments, CDEC and trust and asset management customers of the Company. 
 
 Due in one to two years Due in two to three years Due in three to four years Due in four to five years Due after five years Total time certificate of deposits 

128 

After three but within six months After six but within 12 months After 12 months Total 

Time deposits in denominations of 250,000 or more were billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

(11) 
 
 advance due May 2022 
 advance due January 2023 
 advance due April 2024 
 advance due August 2024 
 advance due April 2026 
 variable-rate advance due January 2028 
 advance due February 2029 
 advance due December 2029 
 advance due February 2030 
 advance due August 2032 
 advance due August 2032 
 advance due September 2032 
 advance due September 2032 
 advance due December 2032 
 advance due December 2032 
 Total FHLB advances 
 
 FHLB advances consist of obligations of the banks and are collateralized by qualifying commercial and residential real estate and home equity loans and certain securities. The banks have arrangements with the FHLB whereby, based on available collateral, they could have borrowed an additional billion at December 31, 2022. 
 
 FHLB advances are stated at par value of the debt adjusted for unamortized prepayment fees paid at the time of prior restructurings of FHLB advances and unamortized fair value adjustments recorded in connection with advances acquired through acquisitions and debt issuance costs. Unamortized prepayment fees are amortized as an adjustment to interest expense using the effective interest method. 
 
 billion of FHLB advances prior to the respective maturity date as a result of call date terms within the related agreements. Approximately billion of the FHLB advances outstanding at December 31, 2022 currently have varying put or call dates over the next 12 months ranging from January 2023 to December 2023. At December 31, 2022, the weighted average contractual interest rate on FHLB advances was . 

(12) 
 
 million compared to million at December 31, 2021. In 2019, the Company issued million of subordinated notes receiving million in proceeds, net of underwriting discount. The notes have a stated interest rate of and mature in June 2029. In 2014, the Company issued million of subordinated notes receiving million in proceeds, net of underwriting discount. The notes have a stated interest rate of and mature in June 2024. 
 
 129 

million and million, respectively. These costs are a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the subordinated notes and are amortized to interest expense using the effective interest method. At December 31, 2022, the unamortized balances of costs for both issuances were approximately million. These subordinated notes qualify as Tier II capital under the regulatory capital requirements, subject to restrictions. 

(13) 
 
 Short-term borrowings Other Secured borrowings Total other borrowings 
 
 Notes Payable 
 
 On September 18, 2018, the Company entered into a credit agreement (as amended, the Credit Agreement with certain unaffiliated banks. The Credit Agreement consisted of a million term loan facility and a million revolving credit facility. On December 12, 2022, the Company entered into an amendment and restatement of the Credit Agreement pursuant to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of December 12, 2022, among the Company and the unaffiliated banks named therein as lenders and agents (the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement ). In connection with the entry into the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, the outstanding term loan under the existing Credit Agreement was paid in full pursuant to the terms thereof. 
 
 The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement provides for, among other things, an increase to the term loan facility to million, an extension of the maturity date for the revolving credit facility to December 11, 2023, and an extension of the maturity date for the term loan facility to December 12, 2027. The Amended and Restated Credit Agreement also provides for certain administrative changes and the modification of certain financial covenants that must be met by the Company for so long as any amounts or commitments under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement are still outstanding. 
 
 Borrowings under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement that are considered Base Rate Loans bear interest at a rate equal to the sum of (1) basis points plus (2) the highest of (a) the prime rate, (b) the federal funds rate plus basis points, and (c) Term SOFR for a one-month tenor in effect on such day plus basis points. Borrowings under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement that are considered Term SOFR Loans bear interest at a rate equal to the sum of (1) basis points plus (2) Term SOFR for the applicable interested period. A commitment fee is payable quarterly in arrears in an amount equal to of the actual daily amount by which the lenders commitments under the revolving credit facility exceeded the amount outstanding under such facility. The Company is required to make monthly or quarterly (as applicable) payments of interest in respect of all loans under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, and quarterly payments of principal in respect of the loans under the term loan facility. 
 
 Borrowings under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement are secured by pledges of and first priority perfected security interests in the Company s equity interest in its bank subsidiaries and contain several restrictive covenants, including the maintenance of various capital adequacy levels, asset quality and profitability ratios, and certain restrictions on dividends and other indebtedness. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all such covenants. The term loan facility and revolving credit facility under the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement are available to be utilized, as needed, to provide capital to fund continued growth at the Company s banks and to serve as an interim source of funds for acquisitions, common stock repurchases or other general corporate purposes. 
 
 The term debt facility is stated at par of the current outstanding balance of the debt adjusted for unamortized costs paid by the Company in relation to the debt issuance. Unamortized costs paid by the Company in relation to the issuance of the revolving credit facility are classified in other assets on the Consolidated Statements of Condition. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance under the term loan facility was million and there was outstanding principal balance under the revolving credit facility. 
 130 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company records securities sold under repurchase agreements at their gross value and does not offset positions on the Consolidated Statements of Condition. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had pledged securities related to its customer balances in sweep accounts of million. Securities pledged for customer balances in sweep accounts and short-term borrowings from brokers are maintained under the Company s control and consist of mortgage-backed securities. These securities are included in the available-for-sale portfolio as reflected on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Condition. 
 
 Excess collateral Securities sold under repurchase agreements 
 
 Other Borrowings 
 
 Other borrowings represent a fixed-rate promissory note Fixed-Rate Promissory Note issued by the Company in June 2017. Amendments to the Fixed-Rate Promissory Note since issuance increased the principal amount to million, reduced the interest rate to and extended the maturity date to March 31, 2025. The Fixed-Rate Promissory Note relates to and is secured by office buildings owned by the Company. At December 31, 2022, the Fixed-Rate Promissory Note had a balance of million compared to million at December 31, 2021. Under the Fixed-Rate Promissory Note, during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company made monthly principal and interest payments. The Fixed-Rate Promissory Note contains several restrictive covenants, including the maintenance of various capital adequacy levels, asset quality and profitability ratios, and certain restrictions on dividends and indebtedness. At December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all such covenants. 
 
 Secured Borrowings 
 
 Secured borrowings primarily represent transactions to sell an undivided co-ownership interest in all receivables owed to the Company s subsidiary, First Insurance Funding of Canada FIFC Canada ). In December 2014, FIFC Canada sold such interest to an unrelated third party in exchange for a cash payment of approximately C million pursuant to a receivables purchase agreement Receivables Purchase Agreement ). Amendments to the Receivables Purchase Agreement since issuance increased the total payments to C million and extended the maturity date to December 15, 2023. These transactions were not considered sales of receivables and, as such, related proceeds received are reflected on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Condition as a secured borrowing owed to the unrelated third party, net of unamortized debt issuance costs, and translated to the Company s reporting currency as of the respective date. At December 31, 2022, the translated balance of the secured borrowing totaled million compared to million at December 31, 2021. The interest rate under the Receivables Purchase Agreement is the Canadian Commercial Paper Rate plus basis points. 
 
 million within secured borrowings at December 31, 2022 represents other sold interests in certain loans by the Company that were not considered sales and, as such, related proceeds received are reflected on the Company s Consolidated Statements of Condition as a secured borrowing owed to the various unrelated third parties. 

(14) 
 
 of the common securities of trusts, Wintrust Capital Trust III, Wintrust Statutory Trust IV, Wintrust Statutory Trust V, Wintrust Capital Trust VII, Wintrust Capital Trust VIII, Wintrust Capital Trust IX, Northview Capital Trust I, Town Bankshares Capital Trust I, First Northwest Capital Trust I, Suburban Illinois Capital Trust II, and Community Financial Shares Statutory Trust II (the Trusts set up to provide long-term financing. The Northview, Town, First Northwest, Suburban and Community Financial Shares capital trusts were acquired as 
 131 

of the junior subordinated debentures and the trust preferred securities represent approximately of the junior subordinated debentures. 
 
 The Trusts are reported in the Company s consolidated financial statements as unconsolidated subsidiaries. Accordingly, in the Consolidated Statements of Condition, the junior subordinated debentures issued by the Company to the Trusts are reported as liabilities and the common securities of the Trusts, all of which are owned by the Company, are included in investment securities. 
 
 L+ 
 04/2003 04/2033 04/2008 Wintrust Statutory Trust IV L+ 
 12/2003 12/2033 12/2008 Wintrust Statutory Trust V L+ 
 05/2004 05/2034 06/2009 Wintrust Capital Trust VII L+ 
 12/2004 03/2035 03/2010 Wintrust Capital Trust VIII L+ 
 08/2005 09/2035 09/2010 Wintrust Capital Trust IX L+ 
 09/2006 09/2036 09/2011 Northview Capital Trust I L+ 
 08/2003 11/2033 08/2008 Town Bankshares Capital Trust I L+ 
 08/2003 11/2033 08/2008 First Northwest Capital Trust I L+ 
 05/2004 05/2034 05/2009 Suburban Illinois Capital Trust II L+ 
 12/2006 12/2036 12/2011 Community Financial Shares Statutory Trust II L+ 
 06/2007 09/2037 06/2012 Total 
 
 The interest rates on the variable rate junior subordinated debentures are based on the three-month LIBOR rate and reset on a quarterly basis. At December 31, 2022, the weighted average contractual interest rate on the junior subordinated debentures was . Prior to 2021, the Company entered into interest rate swaps with an aggregate notional value of million to hedge the variable cash flows on certain junior subordinated debentures. Such interest rate swaps matured in 2021 and no separate hedging derivatives were outstanding at December 31, 2022 related to the variable cash flows on any balance of the junior subordinated debentures. Distributions on the common and preferred securities issued by the Trusts are payable quarterly at a rate per annum equal to the interest rates being earned by the Trusts on the junior subordinated debentures. Interest expense on the junior subordinated debentures is deductible for income tax purposes. 
 
 Under the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act AIRLA and Part 253 of Regulation ZZ (Rule 253), after June 30, 2023, the interest rate on the junior subordinated debentures will, by operation of law, change their base rate from USD LIBOR to CME Term SOFR of the same tenor, plus an applicable tenor spread adjustment. CME Term SOFR is an indicative, forward-looking measurement of daily overnight SOFR. CME Term SOFR is published by CME Group Inc., as administrator of that rate. The calculation agent for any series of the junior subordinated debentures may also make additional administrative conforming changes to the terms of that series of the junior subordinated debentures under AIRLA and Rule 253. 
 
 The Company has guaranteed the payment of distributions and payments upon liquidation or redemption of the trust preferred securities, in each case to the extent of funds held by the Trusts. The Company and the Trusts believe that, taken together, the obligations of the Company under the guarantees, the junior subordinated debentures, and other related agreements provide, in the aggregate, a full, irrevocable and unconditional guarantee, on a subordinated basis, of all of the obligations of the Trusts under the trust preferred securities. Subject to certain limitations, the Company has the right to defer the payment of interest on the junior subordinated debentures at any time, or from time to time, for a period not to exceed 20 consecutive quarters. The trust preferred securities are subject to mandatory redemption, in whole or in part, upon repayment of the junior subordinated debentures at maturity or their earlier redemption. The junior subordinated debentures are redeemable in whole or in part prior to maturity at any time after the earliest redemption dates shown in the table, and earlier at the discretion of the Company if 
 132 

million of the junior subordinated debentures, net of common securities, in Tier 2 regulatory capital. 

(15) 
 
 Trust Wealth management Asset management Wealth management Total wealth management Mortgage broker fees Mortgage banking Service charges on deposit accounts Service charges on deposit accounts Administrative services Other non-interest income Card related fees Other non-interest income Other deposit related fees Other non-interest income Total revenue from contracts with customers 
 
 Wealth Management Revenue 
 
 Wealth management revenue is comprised of brokerage and insurance product commissions, managed money fees and trust and asset management revenue of the Company's wealth management subsidiaries: Wintrust Investments, Great Lakes Advisors, CTC and CDEC. All wealth management revenue is recognized in the wealth management segment. 
 
 Brokerage and insurance product commissions consists primarily of commissions earned from trade execution services on behalf of customers and from selling mutual funds, insurance and other investment products to customers. For trade execution services, the Company recognizes commissions and receives payment from the brokerage customers at the point of transaction execution. Commissions received from the investment or insurance product providers are recognized at the point of sale of the product. The Company also receives trail and other commissions from providers for certain plans. These are generally based on qualifying account values and are recognized once the performance obligation, specific to each provider, is satisfied on a monthly, quarterly or annual basis. 
 
 Trust revenue is earned primarily from trust and custody services that are generally performed over time as well as fees earned on funds held during the facilitation of tax-deferred like-kind exchange transactions. Revenue is determined periodically based on a schedule of fees applied to the value of each customer account using a time-elapsed method to measure progress toward complete satisfaction of the performance obligation. Fees are typically billed on a calendar month or quarter basis in advance or in arrears depending upon the contract. Upfront fees received related to the facilitation of tax-deferred like-kind exchange transactions are deferred until the transaction is completed. Additional fees earned for certain extraordinary services performed on behalf of the customers are recognized when the service has been performed. 
 
 Asset management revenue is earned from money management and advisory services that are performed over time. Revenue is based primarily on the market value of assets under management or administration using a time-elapsed method to measure progress toward complete satisfaction of the performance obligation. Fees are typically billed on a calendar month or quarter basis in advance or in arrears depending upon the contract. Certain programs provide the customer with an option of paying fees as a percentage of the account value or incurring commission charges for each trade similar to brokerage and insurance product commissions. Trade commissions and any other fees received for additional services are recognized at a point in time once the performance obligation is satisfied. 
 133 

134 

Contract liabilities Mortgage broker fees receivable Administrative services receivable Wealth management receivable Card related fees receivable Total receivables from contracts with customer 
 
 Contract liabilities represent upfront fees that the Company received at inception of certain contracts. The revenue recognized that was included in the contract liability balance at beginning of the period totaled million and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Receivables are recognized in the period the Company provides services when the Company's right to consideration is unconditional. Card related fee receivable is the result of volume based fee that the Company receives from a customer on an annual basis in the second quarter of each year. Payment terms on other invoiced amounts are typically 30 days or less. Contract liabilities and receivables from contracts with customers are included within the accrued interest payable and other liabilities and accrued interest receivable and other assets line items, respectively, in the Consolidated Statements of Condition. 
 
 Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations 
 
 Estimated 2024 Estimated 2025 Total 
 
 Practical Expedients and Exemptions 
 
 The Company does not adjust the promised amount of consideration for the effects of a significant financing component if the Company expects, at contract inception, that the period between when the Company transfers a promised service to a customer and when the customer pays for that services is one year or less. 
 
 The Company recognizes the incremental costs of obtaining a contract as an expense when incurred if the amortization period of the asset that the entity otherwise would have recognized is one year or less. 
 
 135 

(16) 
 
 Finance lease cost: Amortization of right-of-use asset Interest on lease liability Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Sublease income ) Total lease cost Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of finance lease liabilities Right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for new finance lease liabilities Weighted average remaining lease term - operating leases years Weighted average remaining lease term - finance leases years Weighted average discount rate - operating leases Weighted average discount rate - finance leases 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total minimum future amounts Impact of measuring the lease liability on a discounted basis Total lease liability 
 
 136 

million, million and million, in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total minimum future amounts 

(17) 
 
 State Foreign Total current income taxes Deferred income taxes: Federal State ) ) ) Foreign ) ) Total deferred income taxes ) ) Total income tax expense 
 
 The Company s income before income taxes in 2022, 2021 and 2020 includes million, million and million, respectively, of foreign income attributable to its Canadian subsidiary. 
 
 The tax effects of certain transactions are recorded directly to shareholders equity rather than income tax expense. The tax effect of fair value adjustments on securities available-for-sale and derivative instruments in cash flow hedges are recorded directly to shareholders equity as part of other comprehensive income (loss) and are reflected on the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. The tax effect of unrealized gains and losses on certain foreign currency transactions is also recorded in shareholders equity as part of other comprehensive income (loss). 
 
 137 

Increase (decrease) in tax resulting from: Tax-exempt interest, net of interest expense disallowance ) ) ) State taxes, net of federal tax benefit Income earned on bank owned life insurance ) ) ) (Excess) deficient tax benefits on share based compensation ) ) Meals, entertainment and related expenses FDIC insurance expense Non-deductible compensation expense Foreign subsidiary, net Tax benefits related to tax credits, net ) ) ) Release of state uncertain tax positions ) Other, net ) ) Income tax expense 

Allowance for credit losses Right-of-use liability Deferred compensation Stock-based compensation Federal net operating loss carryforward Nonaccrued interest Loans Other Total gross deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Equipment leasing Premises and equipment Right-of-use asset Capitalized servicing rights Goodwill and intangible assets Deferred loan fees and costs Net unrealized gains on derivatives included in other comprehensive income Net unrealized gains on securities included in other comprehensive income Other Total gross deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) ) 
 
 Management has determined that a valuation allowance is not required for the deferred tax assets at December 31, 2022 because it is more likely than not that these assets could be realized through future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, 
 138 

million that begin to expire in 2029 through 2037 and are subject to IRC Section 382 annual limitation. The NOL carryforwards were a result of acquisitions. 
 
 The Company accounts for uncertainties in income taxes in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes. 
 Gross increases for tax positions taken in current period Gross decreases for positions taken in prior periods ) Settlements with taxing authorities ) Unrecognized tax benefits at end of year 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had unrecognized tax benefits related to uncertain tax positions that, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate. Interest and penalties on unrecognized tax positions are recorded in income tax expense. There was interest income accrued on unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. Interest and penalties are included in the liability for uncertain tax positions, but are not included in the unrecognized tax benefits rollforward presented above. As of December 31, 2022, the Company does not expect the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits to significantly increase in the next 12 months. 
 
 The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to U.S. federal income tax as well as income tax in numerous state jurisdictions and in Canada. In the ordinary course of business, we are routinely subject to audit by the taxing authorities of these jurisdictions. Currently, the Company s U.S. federal income tax returns are open and subject to audit for the 2019 tax return year forward, and in general, the Company s state income tax returns are open and subject to audit from the 2019 tax return year forward, subject to individual state statutes of limitation. The Company has extended the statute of limitations on certain state income tax returns for tax years 2015 through 2018 due to an ongoing audit. The Company s Canadian subsidiary s Canadian income tax returns are also subject to audit for the 2019 tax return year forward. 

(18) 
 
 shares of common stock plus any shares of common stock that were available for awards under the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan the 2015 Plan as of the effective date of the 2022 Plan. The 2022 Plan replaced the 2015 Plan, and similarly, the 2015 Plan replaced the 2007 Stock Incentive Plan the 2007 Plan and the 2007 Plan replaced the 1997 Stock Incentive Plan the 1997 Plan ). The 2022 Plan, 2015 Plan, 2007 Plan and the 1997 Plan are collectively referred to as the Plans. The 2022 Plan has substantially similar terms to the predecessor plans. Awards granted under the Plans for which common shares are not issued by reason of cancellation, forfeiture, lapse of such award or settlement of such award in cash, are again available under the 2022 Plan. All grants made after the approval of the 2022 Plan are made pursuant to the 2022 Plan. As of December 31, 2022, approximately million shares were available for future grants assuming the maximum number of shares are issued for the performance awards outstanding. The Plans cover substantially all employees of Wintrust. The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors administers all stock-based compensation programs and authorizes all awards granted pursuant to the Plans. 
 
 The Plans permit the grant of incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, stock awards, restricted share or unit awards, performance awards and other incentive awards valued in whole or in part by reference to the Company s common stock, all on a stand-alone, combination or tandem basis. The Company historically awarded stock-based compensation in the form of time-vested non-qualified stock options and time-vested restricted share unit awards restricted shares ). The grants of options provide for the purchase of shares of the Company s common stock at the fair market value of the stock on the date the options are granted. Stock options generally vest ratably over periods of three to and have a maximum term of from the date of grant. Restricted shares entitle the holders to receive, at no cost, shares of the Company s common stock. Restricted shares generally vest over periods of one to from the date of grant. 
 
 139 

and generally vest equally over based on continued service. Performance-based stock and cash awards granted under the LTIP are contingent upon the achievement of pre-established long-term performance goals set in advance by the Compensation Committee over a period starting at the beginning of each calendar year. Performance-based stock awards with a market condition metric are contingent on the total shareholder return performance over a period relative to the KBW Regional Bank Index. These performance awards are granted at a target level, and based on the Company s achievement of the pre-established long-term goals, the actual payouts can range from to a maximum of of the target award. The awards typically vest in the quarter after the end of the performance period upon certification of the payout by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. Holders of performance-based stock awards are entitled to receive, at no cost, the shares earned based on the achievement of the pre-established long-term goals. 
 
 Holders of restricted share awards and performance-based stock awards received under the Plans are not entitled to vote or receive cash dividends (or cash payments equal to the cash dividends) on the underlying common shares until the awards are vested and shares are issued. Shares that are vested but are not issuable pursuant to deferred compensation arrangements accrue additional shares based on the value of dividends otherwise paid. Except in limited circumstances, awards granted pursuant to the Plans are canceled upon termination of employment without any payment of consideration by the Company. 
 
 Stock-based compensation is measured as the fair value of an award on the date of grant, and the measured cost is recognized over the period which the recipient is required to provide service in exchange for the award. The fair value of restricted share and performance-based stock awards with a performance metric is determined based on the average of the high and low trading prices on the grant date. The fair value of performance stock awards with a market condition metric is determined using a Monte Carlo simulation model and the fair value of stock options is estimated using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The Monte Carlo simulation model and the Black-Scholes option-pricing model require the input of highly subjective assumptions and are sensitive to changes in the award s expected life and the price volatility of the underlying stock, which can materially affect the fair value estimates. Management periodically reviews and adjusts the assumptions used to calculate the fair value of such awards when granted. options have been granted since 2016. 
 
 Stock-based compensation is recognized based on the number of awards that are ultimately expected to vest, taking into account expected forfeitures. In addition, for performance-based awards with a performance metric, an estimate is made of the number of shares expected to vest as a result of actual performance against the performance criteria in the award to determine the amount of compensation expense to recognize. The estimate is re-evaluated quarterly and total compensation expense is adjusted for any change in estimate in the current period. 
 
 Stock-based compensation expense recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income was million, million and ) million and the related tax benefits (expense) were million, million and ) in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 140 

Exercised ) Forfeited or canceled ) Outstanding at December 31, 2020 
 Exercisable at December 31, 2020 
 Outstanding at January 1, 2021 
 Exercised ) Forfeited or canceled ) Outstanding at December 31, 2021 
 Exercisable at December 31, 2021 
 Outstanding at January 1, 2022 
 Exercised ) Forfeited or canceled ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 Vested or expected to vest at December 31, 2022 
 
 (1) Represents the weighted average contractual remaining life in years. 
 (2) Aggregate intrinsic value represents the total pretax intrinsic value (i.e., the difference between the Company s stock price at year end and the option exercise price, multiplied by the number of shares) that would have been received by the option holders if they had exercised their options on the last day of the year. Options with exercise prices above the year end stock price are excluded from the calculation of intrinsic value. The intrinsic value will change based on the fair market value of the Company s stock. 
 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, was million, million and million, respectively. The actual tax benefit realized for the tax deductions from option exercises totaled million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Cash received from option exercises under the Plans for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 Granted Vested and issued ) ) ) Forfeited or canceled ) ) ) Outstanding at end of year Vested, but deferred, at year end 
 
 141 

Granted Added by performance factor at vesting Vested and issued ) Forfeited or canceled ) ) ) Outstanding at end of year Vested, but deferred, at year end 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the maximum number of performance-based shares that could be issued on outstanding awards if performance is attained at the maximum amount was approximately shares. 
 
 The actual tax benefit realized upon the vesting and issuance of restricted shares and performance-based stock is based on the fair value of the shares on the issue date, and the estimated tax benefit of the awards is based on fair value of the awards on the grant date. The actual tax benefit realized upon the vesting and issuance of restricted shares and performance-based stock in 2022 was more than the expected tax benefit for those shares; in 2021 the actual tax benefit was more than the expected tax benefit for those shares and in 2020 the actual tax benefit was less than the expected tax benefit for those shares. These differences in actual and expected tax benefits were recorded to income tax expense. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested share based arrangements under the Plans. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately . The total fair value of shares vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 The Company issues new shares to satisfy its obligation to issue shares granted pursuant to the Plans. 
 
 Cash Incentive and Retention Plan 
 
 The Cash Incentive and Retention Plan CIRP allows the Company to provide cash compensation to the Company s and its subsidiaries officers and employees. The CIRP is administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. The CIRP generally provides for the grants of cash awards, which may be earned pursuant to the achievement of performance criteria established by the Compensation Committee and/or continued employment. The performance criteria, if any, established by the Compensation Committee must relate to one or more of the criteria specified in the CIRP, which includes: earnings, earnings growth, revenues, stock price, return on assets, return on equity, improvement of financial ratings, achievement of balance sheet or income statement objectives and expenses. These criteria may relate to the Company, a particular line of business or a specific subsidiary of the Company. The Company had expense related to the CIRP in 2022, 2021 and 2020, and awards were paid in those years. There were outstanding awards under this plan at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Other Employee Benefits 
 
 Wintrust and its subsidiaries also provide 401(k) Retirement Savings Plans 401(k) Plans ). The 401(k) Plans cover all employees meeting certain eligibility requirements. Contributions by employees are made through salary deferrals at their direction, subject to certain Plan and statutory limitations. Employer contributions to the 401(k) Plans are made at the employer s discretion. Eligible participants that have contributed to the 401(k) Plans are eligible to share in an allocation of employer contributions. The Company s expense for the employer contributions to the 401(k) Plans was approximately million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. 
 
 The Wintrust Financial Corporation Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP is designed to encourage greater stock ownership among employees, thereby enhancing employee commitment to the Company. The ESPP gives eligible employees the right to accumulate funds over an offering period to purchase shares of common stock. All shares offered under the ESPP will be either newly issued shares of the Company or shares issued from treasury, if any. In accordance with the ESPP, beginning January 1, 
 142 

of the closing price of the Company s common stock on the last day of the offering period. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, , and , shares of common stock, respectively, were purchased by participants and compensation expense was recorded. The Company plans to continue to offer common stock through this ESPP on an ongoing basis and, in 2021, increased the shares authorized under the ESPP by shares. At December 31, 2022, the Company had an obligation to issue shares of common stock to participants and had shares available for future grants under the ESPP. 
 
 The Company does not currently offer other postretirement benefits such as health care or other pension plans. 
 
 Directors Deferred Fee and Stock Plan 
 
 The Wintrust Financial Corporation Directors Deferred Fee and Stock Plan DDFS Plan allows directors of the Company and its subsidiaries to choose to receive payment of directors fees in either cash or common stock of the Company and to defer the receipt of the fees. The DDFS Plan is designed to encourage stock ownership by directors. All shares offered under the DDFS Plan will be either newly issued shares of the Company or shares issued from treasury. The number of shares issued is determined on a quarterly basis based on the fees earned during the quarter and the fair market value per share of the common stock on the last trading day of the preceding quarter. The shares are issued annually and the directors are entitled to dividends and voting rights upon the issuance of the shares. During 2020, an additional shares were authorized under the DDFS Plan. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, a total of shares, shares and shares, respectively, were issued to directors. For those directors that elect to defer the receipt of the common stock, the Company maintains records of stock units representing an obligation to issue shares of common stock. The number of stock units equals the number of shares that would have been issued had the director not elected to defer receipt of the shares. Additional stock units are credited at the time dividends are paid, however no voting rights are associated with the stock units. The shares of common stock represented by the stock units are issued in the year specified by the directors in their participation agreements. At December 31, 2022, the Company has an obligation to issue shares of common stock to directors and has shares available for future grants under the DDFS Plan. 

(19) 
 
 million, million and million, respectively, were paid to Wintrust by the banks and other subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2022, the banks had approximately million available to be paid as dividends to Wintrust without prior regulatory approval and without reducing their capital below the well-capitalized level. 
 
 The banks are also required by the Federal Reserve Act to maintain reserves against deposits. Reserves are held either in the form of vault cash or balances maintained with the FRB and are based on the average daily deposit balances and statutory reserve ratios prescribed by the type of deposit account. In March 2020, the FRB adopted a rule to amend its reserve regulation which included lowering the reserve requirement to zero percent. As a result, at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 there were reserve balances required to be maintained at the FRB. 
 
 The Company and the banks are subject to various regulatory capital requirements established by the federal banking agencies that take into account risk attributable to balance sheet and off-balance sheet activities. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and possibly discretionary actions by regulators, that if undertaken could have a direct material effect on the Company s financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the Company and the banks must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of the Company s assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. 
 
 Quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy require the Company and the banks to maintain minimum amounts and ratios of total and Tier 1 capital (as defined in the regulations) to risk-weighted assets (as defined) and Tier 1 leverage capital (as defined) to average quarterly assets (as defined). The Federal Reserve s capital guidelines require bank holding companies to maintain a minimum ratio of qualifying total capital to risk-weighted assets of , of which at least must be in the form of Common Equity Tier 1 capital and must be in the form of Tier 1 capital. The Federal Reserve also requires a minimum leverage ratio of Tier 1 capital to average total assets of . In addition, the Federal Reserve continues to consider the Tier 1 leverage ratio in evaluating proposals for expansion or new activities. 
 
 143 

Tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets Common Equity Tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets Tier 1 Leverage Ratio 
 
 Wintrust is designated as a financial holding company. Bank holding companies approved as financial holding companies may engage in an expanded range of activities, including the businesses conducted by its wealth management subsidiaries. As a financial holding company, Wintrust s banks are required to maintain their capital positions at the well-capitalized level. As of December 31, 2022, the banks were categorized as well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. The ratios required for the banks to be well capitalized by regulatory definition are , , and for total capital to risk-weighted assets, Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets, Common Equity Tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets and Tier 1 leverage ratio, respectively. 
 144 

Hinsdale Bank Wintrust Bank Libertyville Bank Barrington Bank Crystal Lake Bank Northbrook Bank Schaumburg Bank Village Bank Beverly Bank Town Bank Wheaton Bank State Bank of the Lakes Old Plank Trail Bank St. Charles Bank Tier 1 Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets): Lake Forest Bank Hinsdale Bank Wintrust Bank Libertyville Bank Barrington Bank Crystal Lake Bank Northbrook Bank Schaumburg Bank Village Bank Beverly Bank Town Bank Wheaton Bank State Bank of the Lakes Old Plank Trail Bank St. Charles Bank Common Equity Tier 1 Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets): Lake Forest Bank Hinsdale Bank Wintrust Bank Libertyville Bank Barrington Bank Crystal Lake Bank Northbrook Bank Schaumburg Bank Village Bank Beverly Bank Town Bank Wheaton Bank State Bank of the Lakes Old Plank Trail Bank St. Charles Bank 
 145 

Hinsdale Bank Wintrust Bank Libertyville Bank Barrington Bank Crystal Lake Bank Northbrook Bank Schaumburg Bank Village Bank Beverly Bank Town Bank Wheaton Bank State Bank of the Lakes Old Plank Trail Bank St. Charles Bank 
 
 Wintrust s mortgage banking division and broker/dealer subsidiary are also required to maintain minimum net worth capital requirements with various governmental agencies. The mortgage banking division s net worth requirements are governed by the Department of Housing and Urban Development and the broker/dealer s net worth requirements are governed by the SEC. As of December 31, 2022, these business units met their minimum net worth capital requirements. 

(20) 
 
 billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and unused home equity lines totaled million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Standby and commercial letters of credit totaled million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. 
 
 In addition, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had approximately million and million, respectively, in commitments to fund residential mortgage loans to be sold into the secondary market. These lending commitments are also considered derivative instruments. The Company also enters into forward contracts for the future delivery of residential mortgage loans at specified interest rates to reduce the interest rate risk associated with commitments to fund loans as well as mortgage loans held-for-sale. These forward contracts are also considered derivative instruments and had contractual amounts of approximately million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. See Note (21) Derivative Financial Instruments in Item 8 of this report for further discussion on derivative instruments. 
 
 The Company enters into residential mortgage loan sale agreements with investors in the normal course of business. These agreements usually require certain representations concerning credit information, loan documentation, collateral and insurability. On occasion, investors have requested the Company to indemnify them against losses on certain loans or to repurchase loans which the investors believe do not comply with applicable representations. Management maintains a liability for estimated losses on loans expected to be repurchased or on which indemnification is expected to be provided and regularly 
 146 

billion of mortgage loans in 2022 and billion in 2021. The liability for estimated losses on repurchase and indemnification claims for residential mortgage loans previously sold to investors was approximately and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and was included in other liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Condition. Losses charged against the liability were in 2022 as compared to in 2021. These losses relate to mortgages which experienced early payment and other defaults meeting certain representation and warranty recourse requirements. 
 
 The Company had unfunded commitments to investment partnerships that qualify for CRA purposes totaling million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Of these commitments, on both reporting dates, million related to legally-binding unfunded commitments for tax-credit investments and were included within other liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Condition as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The Company utilizes an out-sourced securities clearing platform and has agreed to indemnify the clearing broker of Wintrust Investments for losses that it may sustain from the customer accounts introduced by Wintrust Investments. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total amount of customer balances maintained by the clearing broker and subject to indemnification was approximately million and million, respectively. Wintrust Investments seeks to control the risks associated with its customers activities by requiring customers to maintain margin collateral in compliance with various regulatory and internal guidelines. 

147 

(21) 

148 

Interest rate derivatives designated as Fair Value Hedges Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments under ASC 815 Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments under ASC 815: Interest rate derivatives Interest rate lock commitments Forward commitments to sell mortgage loans Commodity forward contracts Foreign exchange contracts Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments under ASC 815 Total Derivatives 
 
 Cash Flow Hedges of Interest Rate Risk 
 
 The Company s objectives in using interest rate derivatives are to add stability to net interest income and to manage its exposure to interest rate movements. To accomplish these objectives, the Company primarily uses interest rate swaps and interest rate collars as part of its interest rate risk management strategy. Interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges involve the receipt of variable-rate amounts to or from a counterparty in exchange for the Company receiving or paying fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreements without the exchange of the underlying notional amount. Interest rate collars designated as cash flow hedges involve the settlement of amounts in which the interest rate specified in the contract exceeds the agreed upon cap strike price or in which the interest rate specified in the contract is below the agreed upon floor strike price at the end of each period. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had various interest rate collar derivatives designated as cash flow hedges of variable rate loans. When the relationship between the hedged item and hedging instrument is highly effective at achieving offsetting changes in cash flows attributable to the hedged risk, changes in the fair value of these cash flow hedges are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss and are subsequently reclassified to interest income as interest payments are made on such variable rate loans. The changes in fair value (net of tax) are separately disclosed in the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 
 149 

floor, sell cap; matures September 2025 
 ) 1-month CME term SOFR; buy floor, sell cap; matures October 2026 
 ) 1-month CME term SOFR; buy floor, sell cap; matures September 2027 
 ) Total Cash Flow Hedges ) 
 In the first quarter of 2022, the Company terminated interest rate swap derivative contracts designated as cash flow hedges of variable rate deposits with a total notional value of billion and a term effective July 2022. At the time of termination, the fair value of the derivative contracts totaled an asset of million, with such adjustments to fair value recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss. In the second quarter of 2022, the Company terminated additional interest rate swap derivative contracts designated as cash flow hedges of variable rate deposits with a total notional value of million each effective since April 2020. The remaining terms of such derivative contracts were through March 2023 and April 2024 and, at the time of termination, the fair value of the derivative contracts totaled assets of million and million, respectively, with such adjustments to fair value recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss. In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company terminated additional interest rate collar derivative contract designated as a cash flow hedge of the Term Facility with a total notional value of million effective since September 2018. The remaining term of such derivative contract was through September 2023 and, at the time of termination, the fair value of the derivative contract totaled an asset of , with such adjustments to fair value recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss. 
 For all such terminations, as the hedged forecasted transactions (interest payments on variable rate deposits and the Term Facility) are still expected to occur over the remaining term of such terminated derivatives, such adjustments will remain in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss and be reclassified as a reduction to interest expense on a straight-line basis over the original term of the terminated derivative contracts. 
 
 ) Amount reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income or loss to interest expense on deposits, loans, other borrowings and junior subordinated debentures ) Amount of (loss) gain recognized in other comprehensive income or loss ) Unrealized gain at end of period 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company estimated that during the next 12 months, million will be reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income or loss as a decrease to net interest income. Such estimate consists of million reclassified as a reduction to interest expense on the terminated cash flow hedges discussed above, more than offset by estimated amounts to be reclassified as a reduction to interest income related to the interest rate collars noted above that remain outstanding. 
 
 Fair Value Hedges of Interest Rate Risk 
 
 Interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges involve the payment of fixed amounts to a counterparty in exchange for the Company receiving variable payments over the life of the agreements without the exchange of the underlying notional amount. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has interest rate swaps with an aggregate notional amount of million that were designated as fair value hedges primarily associated with fixed rate commercial and industrial and commercial real estate loans as well as life insurance premium finance receivables. 
 
 150 

) ) Available-for-sale debt securities ) 
 
 The following table presents the gain or loss recognized related to derivative instruments that are designated as fair value hedges for the respective period: 
 
 (In thousands) Derivatives in Fair Value Hedging Relationships Location of Gain or (Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivative Year Ended December 31, 2022 Interest rate swaps Interest and fees on loans Interest income - investment securities 
 
 Non-Designated Hedges 
 
 The Company does not use derivatives for speculative purposes. Derivatives not designated as accounting hedges are used to manage the Company s economic exposure to interest rate movements and other identified risks but do not meet the strict hedge accounting requirements of ASC 815. Changes in the fair value of derivatives not designated in hedging relationships are recorded directly in earnings. 
 
 Interest Rate Derivatives Periodically, the Company may purchase interest rate cap derivatives designed to act as an economic hedge of the risk of the negative impact on its fixed-rate loan portfolios from rising interest rates, most recently related to the LIBOR index. As of December 31, 2022, there were interest rate caps outstanding that were designed to act as an economic hedge. During 2022, the Company terminated an interest rate cap derivative contract related to LIBOR that was not designated as an accounting hedge with a total notional value of billion. 
 
 Additionally, the Company has interest rate derivatives, including swaps and option products, resulting from a service the Company provides to certain qualified borrowers. The Company s banking subsidiaries execute certain derivative products (typically interest rate swaps) directly with qualified commercial borrowers to facilitate their respective risk management strategies. For example, these arrangements allow the Company s commercial borrowers to effectively convert a variable rate loan to a fixed rate. In order to minimize the Company s exposure on these transactions, the Company simultaneously executes offsetting derivatives with third parties. In most cases, the offsetting derivatives have mirror-image terms, which result in the positions changes in fair value substantially offsetting through earnings each period. However, to the extent that the derivatives are not a mirror-image and because of differences in counterparty credit risk, changes in fair value will not completely offset resulting in some earnings impact each period. Changes in the fair value of these derivatives are included in other non-interest income. At December 31, 2022, the Company had interest rate derivative transactions with an aggregate notional amount of approximately billion (all interest rate swaps and caps with customers and third parties) related to this program. These interest rate derivatives had maturity dates ranging from January 2023 to January 2037. 
 
 Mortgage Banking Derivatives These derivatives include interest rate lock commitments provided to customers to fund certain mortgage loans to be sold into the secondary market and forward commitments for the future delivery of such loans. It is the Company s practice to enter into forward commitments for the future delivery of a portion of our residential mortgage loan production when interest rate lock commitments are entered into in order to economically hedge the effect of future changes in interest rates on its commitments to fund the loans as well as on its portfolio of mortgage loans held-for-sale. The Company s 
 151 

million and forward commitments to sell mortgage loans with an aggregate notional amount of approximately million. The fair values of these derivatives were estimated based on changes in mortgage rates from the dates of the commitments. Changes in the fair value of these mortgage banking derivatives are included in mortgage banking revenue. 
 
 Commodity Derivatives The Company has commodity forward contracts resulting from a service the Company provides to certain qualified borrowers. The Company s banking subsidiaries execute certain derivative products directly with qualified commercial borrowers to facilitate their respective risk management strategies. For example, these arrangements allow the Company s commercial borrowers to effectively purchase or sell a given commodity at an agreed-upon price on an agreed-upon settlement date. In order to minimize the Company s exposure on these transactions, the Company simultaneously executes offsetting derivatives with third parties. In most cases, the offsetting derivatives have mirror-image terms, which result in the positions changes in fair value substantially offsetting through earnings each period. However, to the extent that the derivatives are not a mirror-image and because of differences in counterparty credit risk, changes in fair value will not completely offset resulting in some earnings impact each period. Changes in the fair value of these derivatives are included in other non-interest income. At December 31, 2022, the Company had commodity derivative transactions with an aggregate notional amount of approximately million (all forward contracts with customers and third parties) related to this program. These commodity derivatives had maturity dates ranging from January 2023 to December 2023. There were commodity derivatives outstanding as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Foreign Currency Derivatives The Company has foreign currency derivative contracts resulting from a service the Company provides to certain qualified customers. The Company s banking subsidiaries execute certain derivative products directly with qualified customers to facilitate their respective risk management strategies related to foreign currency fluctuations. For example, these arrangements allow the Company s customers to effectively exchange the currency of one country for the currency of another country at an agreed-upon price on an agreed-upon settlement date. In order to minimize the Company s exposure on these transactions, the Company simultaneously executes offsetting derivatives with third parties. In most cases, the offsetting derivatives have mirror-image terms, which result in the positions changes in fair value substantially offsetting through earnings each period. However, to the extent that the derivatives are not a mirror-image and because of differences in counterparty credit risk, changes in fair value will not completely offset resulting in some earnings impact each period. Changes in the fair value of these derivatives are included in other non-interest income. As of December 31, 2022, the Company held foreign currency derivatives with an aggregate notional amount of approximately million. 
 
 Other Derivatives Periodically, the Company will sell options to a bank or dealer for the right to purchase certain securities held within the banks investment portfolios (covered call options). These option transactions are designed to increase the total return associated with the investment securities portfolio. These options do not qualify as accounting hedges pursuant to ASC 815 and, accordingly, changes in fair value of these contracts are recognized as other non-interest income. There were covered call options outstanding as of December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 
 Periodically, the Company will purchase options for the right to purchase securities not currently held within the banks investment portfolios or enter into interest rate swaps in which the Company elects to not designate such derivatives as hedging instruments. These option and swap transactions are designed primarily to economically hedge a portion of the fair value adjustments related to the Company s mortgage servicing rights portfolio. The gain or loss associated with these derivative contracts are included in mortgage banking revenue. As of December 31, 2022, the Company held interest rate derivatives with an aggregate notional value of million for such purpose of economically hedging a portion of the fair value adjustment related to its mortgage servicing rights portfolio. There were such options or swaps outstanding as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 152 

Mortgage banking derivatives Mortgage banking revenue ) ) Commodity contracts Trading gains (losses), net Foreign exchange contracts Trading gains (losses), net ) Covered call options Fees from covered call options Derivative contract held as economic hedge on MSRs Mortgage banking revenue ) 
 
 Credit Risk 
 
 Derivative instruments have inherent risks, primarily market risk and credit risk. Market risk is associated with changes in interest rates and credit risk relates to the risk that the counterparty will fail to perform according to the terms of the agreement. The amounts potentially subject to market and credit risks are the streams of interest payments under the contracts and the market value of the derivative instrument and not the notional principal amounts used to express the volume of the transactions. Market and credit risks are managed and monitored as part of the Company s overall asset-liability management process, except that the credit risk related to derivatives entered into with certain qualified borrowers is managed through the Company s standard loan underwriting process since these derivatives are secured through collateral provided by the loan agreements. Actual exposures are monitored against various types of credit limits established to contain risk within parameters. When deemed necessary, appropriate types and amounts of collateral are obtained to minimize credit exposure. 
 
 The Company has agreements with certain of its interest rate derivative counterparties that contain cross-default provisions, which provide that if the Company defaults on any of its indebtedness, including default where repayment of the indebtedness has not been accelerated by the lender, then the Company could also be declared in default on its derivative obligations. The Company also has agreements with certain of its derivative counterparties that contain a provision allowing the counterparty to terminate the derivative positions if the Company fails to maintain its status as a well or adequately capitalized institution, which would require the Company to settle its obligations under the agreements. As of December 31, 2022, there were interest rate derivatives in a net liability position that were subject to such agreements. The fair value of such derivatives includes accrued interest related to these agreements. 
 
 The Company is also exposed to the credit risk of its commercial borrowers who are counterparties to interest rate derivatives with the banks. This counterparty risk related to the commercial borrowers is managed and monitored through the banks standard underwriting process applicable to loans since these derivatives are secured through collateral provided by the loan agreement. The counterparty risk associated with the mirror-image swaps executed with third parties is monitored and managed in connection with the Company s overall asset liability management process. 
 
 The Company records interest rate derivatives subject to master netting agreements at their gross value and does not offset derivative assets and liabilities on the Consolidated Statements of Condition. 
 
 Less: Amounts offset in the Statements of Condition Net amount presented in the Statements of Condition Gross amounts not offset in the Statements of Condition Offsetting Derivative Positions ) ) ) ) Collateral Posted ) ) ) Net Credit Exposure 

153 

(22) 
 
 million of municipal securities as Level 3. These municipal securities are bond issues for various municipal government entities primarily located in the Chicago metropolitan area and southern Wisconsin and are privately placed, non-rated bonds without CUSIP numbers. The Company s methodology for pricing these securities focuses on three distinct inputs: equivalent rating, yield and other pricing terms. To determine the rating for a given non-rated investment debt security, the Investment Operations Department references a rated, publicly issued bond by the same issuer if available. A reduction is then applied to the rating obtained from the comparable bond, as the Company believes if liquidated, a non-rated bond would be valued less than a similar bond with a verifiable rating. The reduction applied by the Company is one complete rating grade (i.e., a AA rating for a comparable bond would be reduced to A for the Company s valuation). For bond issues without comparable bond proxies, a rating of BBB was assigned. For the year ended December 31, 2022, all of the ratings derived by the Investment Operations Department using the above process were BBB or better. The fair value measurement noted above is sensitive to the rating input, as a higher rating typically results in an increased valuation. The remaining pricing inputs used in the bond valuation are observable. Based on the rating determined in the above process, Investment Operations obtains a corresponding current market yield curve available to market participants. Other terms including coupon, maturity date, redemption price, number of coupon payments per year, and accrual method are obtained from the individual bond term sheets. Certain municipal bonds held by the Company at December 31, 2022 are 
 154 

million of certain delinquent mortgage loans held-for-sale as Level 3. For such delinquent loans in which investor interest may be limited, the Company estimates fair value by discounting future scheduled cash flows for the specific loan through its life, adjusted for estimated credit losses. The Company uses a discount rate based on prevailing market coupon rates on loans with similar characteristics. The assumed weighted average discount rate used as an input to value these loans at December 31, 2022 was . The higher the rate utilized to discount estimated future cash flows, the lower the fair value measurement. Additionally, the weighted average credit discount used as an input to value the specific loans was with a credit loss discount ranging from to at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Loans held-for-investment The fair value for certain loans in which the Company previously elected the fair value option is estimated by discounting future scheduled cash flows for the specific loan through maturity, adjusted for estimated credit losses and prepayment or life assumptions. These loans primarily consist of early buyout loans guaranteed by U.S. government agencies that are delinquent and, as a result, investor interest may be limited. The Company uses a discount rate based on the actual coupon rate of the underlying loan. At December 31, 2022, the Company classified million of loans held-for-investment carried at fair value as Level 3. The assumed weighted average discount rate used as an input to value these loans at December 31, 2022 was . The higher the rate utilized to discount estimated future cash flows, the lower the fair value measurement. As noted above, the fair value estimate also includes assumptions of prepayment speeds and average life as well as credit losses. The weighted average prepayments speed used as an input to value current loans was at December 31, 2022. Prepayment speeds are inversely related to the fair value of these loans as an increase in prepayment speeds results in a decreased valuation. For delinquent loans in which performance is not assumed and there is a higher probability of resolution of the loan ending in foreclosure, the weighted average life of such loans was years. Average life is inversely related to the fair value of these loans as an increase in estimated life results in a decreased valuation. Additionally, the weighted average credit discount used as an input to value the specific loans was with credit loss discounts ranging from to at December 31, 2022. 
 
 MSRs Fair value for MSRs is determined utilizing a valuation model which calculates the fair value of each servicing right based on the present value of estimated future cash flows. The Company uses a discount rate commensurate with the risk associated with each servicing right, given current market conditions. At December 31, 2022, the Company classified million of MSRs as Level 3. The weighted average discount rate used as an input to value the pool of MSRs at December 31, 2022 was with discount rates applied ranging from to . The higher the rate utilized to discount estimated future cash flows, the lower the fair value measurement. The fair value of MSRs was also estimated based on other assumptions including prepayment speeds and the cost to service. Prepayment speeds ranged from to or a weighted average prepayment speed of . Further, for current and delinquent loans, the Company assumed a weighted average cost of servicing of and , respectively, per loan. Prepayment speeds and the cost to service are both inversely related to the fair value of MSRs as an increase in prepayment speeds or the cost to service results in a decreased valuation. See Note (6) Mortgage Servicing Rights MSRs for further discussion of MSRs. 
 
 Derivative instruments The Company s derivative instruments include interest rate swaps, caps and collars, commitments to fund mortgages for sale into the secondary market (interest rate locks), forward commitments to end investors for the sale of mortgage loans, commodity future contracts and foreign currency contracts. Interest rate swaps, caps and collars and commodity future contracts are valued by a third party, using models that primarily use market observable inputs, such as yield curves and commodity prices prevailing at the measurement date, and are classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. The credit risk associated with derivative financial instruments that are subject to master netting agreements is measured on a net basis by counterparty portfolio. The fair value for mortgage-related derivatives is based on changes in mortgage rates from the date of the commitments. The fair value of foreign currency derivatives is computed based on change in foreign currency rates stated in the contract compared to those prevailing at the measurement date. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company classified million of derivative assets related to interest rate locks as Level 3. The fair value of interest rate locks is based on prices obtained for loans with similar characteristics from third parties, adjusted for the pull-through rate, which represents the Company s best estimate of the likelihood that a committed loan will ultimately fund. The weighted-average pull-through rate at December 31, 2022 was with pull-through rates applied ranging from to . Pull-through rates are directly related to the fair value of interest rate locks as an increase in the pull-through rate results in an increased valuation. 
 155 

U.S. government agencies Municipal Corporate notes Mortgage-backed Trading account securities Equity securities with readily determinable fair value Mortgage loans held-for-sale Loans held-for-investment MSRs Nonqualified deferred compensations assets Derivative assets Total Derivative liabilities December 31, 2021 (In thousands) Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Available-for-sale securities U.S. Treasury U.S. government agencies Municipal Corporate notes Mortgage-backed Trading account securities Equity securities with readily determinable fair value Mortgage loans held-for-sale Loans held-for-investment MSRs Nonqualified deferred compensations assets Derivative assets Total Derivative liabilities 
 The aggregate remaining contractual principal balance outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 for mortgage loans held- for-sale measured at fair value under ASC 825 was million and million, respectively, while the aggregate fair value of mortgage loans held-for-sale was million and million, respectively, as shown in the above tables. At December 31, 2022, million of mortgage loans held-for-sale were classified as nonaccrual. Additionally, there were million of loans past due greater than 90 days and still accruing interest within the mortgage loans held-for-sale portfolio as of December 31, 2022 compared to million as of December 31, 2021. All of the nonaccrual loans and loans past due greater than 90 days and still accruing within the mortgage loans held-for-sale portfolio as of December 31, 2022 were individual delinquent mortgage loans bought back from GNMA at the unconditional option of the Company as servicer for those loans. The aggregate remaining contractual principal balance outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 for 
 156 

million and million, respectively, while the aggregate fair value of mortgage loans held-for-investment was million and million million, respectively, as shown in the above tables. 
 
 Total net gains (losses) included in: Net income (1) 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income or loss ) Purchases Issuances Sales Settlements ) ) ) Net transfers into/(out of) Level 3 Balance at December 31, 2022 

(In thousands) Municipal Mortgage loans held-for-sale U.S. government agencies Loans held-for-investment MSRs Derivative assets Balance at January 1, 2021 
 Total net gains (losses) included in: Net income (1) 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income or loss ) ) Purchases Issuances Sales Settlements ) ) ) Net transfers into/(out of) Level 3 Balance at December 31, 2021 
 
 (1) Changes in the balance of mortgage loans held-for-sale, MSRs and derivative assets related to fair value adjustments are recorded as a component of mortgage banking revenue. Changes in the balance of loans held-for-investment related to fair value adjustments are recorded as other non-interest income. 
 
 Also, the Company may be required, from time to time, to measure certain other assets at fair value on a non-recurring basis in accordance with GAAP. These adjustments to fair value usually result from impairment charges on individual assets. 
 Other real estate owned (1) 
 Total 
 (1) Fair value losses recognized, net on other real estate owned include valuation adjustments and charge-offs during the respective period. 
 
 157 

million of individually assessed loans classified as Level 3. Of the million of individually assessed loans, million were measured at fair value based on the underlying collateral of the loan as shown in the table above. The remaining million were valued based on discounted cash flows in accordance with ASC 310. 
 
 Other real estate owned Other real estate owned is comprised of real estate acquired in partial or full satisfaction of loans and is included in other assets. Other real estate owned is recorded at its estimated fair value less estimated selling costs at the date of transfer, with any excess of the related loan balance over the fair value less expected selling costs charged to the allowance for loan losses. Subsequent changes in value are reported as adjustments to the carrying amount and are recorded in other non-interest expense. Gains and losses upon sale, if any, are also charged to other non-interest expense. Fair value is generally based on third party appraisals and internal estimates that are adjusted by a discount representing the estimated cost of sale and is therefore considered a Level 3 valuation. 
 
 The Company s Managed Assets Division is primarily responsible for the valuation of Level 3 inputs for other real estate owned. At December 31, 2022, the Company had million of other real estate owned classified as Level 3. The unobservable input applied to other real estate owned relates to the reduction to the appraisal value representing the estimated cost of sale of the foreclosed property. A higher discount for the estimated cost of sale results in a decreased carrying value. 
 
 158 

Bond pricing Equivalent rating BBB-AA+ N/A Increase Mortgage loans held-for-sale Discounted cash flows Discount rate Decrease Credit discount - 
 Decrease Loans held-for-investment Discounted cash flows Discount rate - 
 Decrease Credit discount - 
 Decrease Constant prepayment rate (CPR) - current loans Decrease Average life - delinquent loans (in years) years - years 
 years Decrease MSRs Discounted cash flows Discount rate - 
 Decrease Constant prepayment rate (CPR) - 
 Decrease Cost of servicing - 
 Decrease Cost of servicing - delinquent - 
 Decrease Derivatives Discounted cash flows Pull-through rate - 
 Increase Measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis: Individually assessed loans - foreclosure probable and collateral-dependent Appraisal value Appraisal adjustment - cost of sale Decrease Other real estate owned Appraisal value Appraisal adjustment - cost of sale Decrease 
 159 

Securities sold under agreements to repurchase with original maturities exceeding three months Interest-bearing deposits with banks Available-for-sale securities Held-to-maturity securities Trading account securities Equity securities with readily determinable fair value FHLB and FRB stock, at cost Brokerage customer receivables Mortgage loans held-for-sale, at fair value Loans held-for-investment, at fair value Loans held-for-investment, at amortized cost Nonqualified deferred compensation assets Derivative assets Accrued interest receivable and other Total financial assets Financial Liabilities: Non-maturity deposits Deposits with stated maturities FHLB advances Other borrowings Subordinated notes Junior subordinated debentures Derivative liabilities Accrued interest payable Total financial liabilities 
 
 Not all the financial instruments listed in the table above are subject to the disclosure provisions of ASC Topic 820, as certain assets and liabilities result in their carrying value approximating fair value. These include cash and cash equivalents, interest bearing deposits with banks, brokerage customer receivables, FHLB and FRB stock, accrued interest receivable and accrued interest payable and non-maturity deposits. 
 
 The following methods and assumptions were used by the Company in estimating fair values of financial instruments that were not previously disclosed. 
 
 Held-to-maturity securities Held-to-maturity securities include U.S. Government-sponsored agency securities, municipal bonds issued by various municipal government entities primarily located in the Chicago metropolitan area and southern Wisconsin and mortgage-backed securities. Fair values for held-to-maturity securities are typically based on prices obtained from independent pricing vendors. In accordance with ASC 820, the Company has generally categorized these held-to-maturity securities as a Level 2 fair value measurement. Fair values for certain other held-to-maturity securities are based on the bond pricing methodology discussed previously related to certain available-for-sale securities. In accordance with ASC 820, the Company has categorized these held-to-maturity securities as a Level 3 fair value measurement. 
 
 Loans held-for-investment, at amortized cost Fair values are estimated for portfolios of loans with similar financial characteristics. Loans are analyzed by type such as commercial, residential real estate, etc. Each category is further segmented by interest rate type (fixed and variable) and term. For variable-rate loans that reprice frequently, estimated fair values are based 
 160 

(23) 
 
 Shares issued Shares outstanding Cash dividend per share Preferred Stock: Shares authorized Shares issued Shares outstanding 
 
 The Company reserves shares of its authorized common stock specifically for the 2022 Plan, the ESPP and the DDFS. The reserved shares and these plans are detailed in Note (18) Stock Compensation Plans and Other Employee Benefit Plans . 
 
 Common Stock Offering 
 
 In June 2022, the Company sold a total of shares of its common stock through a public offering. Net proceeds to the Company totaled approximately million, net of estimated issuance costs. 
 
 Series D Preferred Stock 
 
 In June 2015, the Company issued and sold shares of fixed-to-floating non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, Series D, liquidation preference per share (the Series D Preferred Stock for million in a public offering. When, as and if declared, dividends on the Series D Preferred Stock are payable quarterly in arrears at a fixed rate of per annum from the original issuance date to, but excluding, July 15, 2025, and from (and including) that date (as currently specified in the certificate of designations and subject to the below) at a floating rate equal to three-month LIBOR plus a spread of per annum. Under the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act AIRLA and Part 253 of Regulation ZZ (Rule 253), the dividend rate on the Series D Preferred Stock will, by operation of law, change from 3-month USD LIBOR to 3-month CME Term SOFR plus a statutory tenor spread adjustment of . Consequently, for each floating rate period, commencing on July 15, 2025, any dividends will be paid at a rate of the then-current 3-month CME Term SOFR plus , plus the spread of per annum. The calculation agent for the Series D Preferred Stock may also make additional administrative conforming changes to the terms of the Series D Preferred Stock under AIRLA and Rule 253. 
 
 161 

shares of fixed-rate reset non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, Series E, liquidation preference per share (the Series E Preferred Stock as part of a million public offering of depositary shares, each representing a 1/1,000th interest in a share of Series E Preferred Stock. When, as and if declared, dividends on the Series E Preferred Stock are payable quarterly in arrears at a fixed rate of per annum from October 15, 2020 to, but excluding, July 15, 2025, and from (and including) July 15, 2025 at a floating rate equal to the Five-Year Treasury Rate (as defined in the certificate of designations for the Series E Preferred Stock) plus . 
 
 Other 
 
 At the January 2023 Board of Directors meeting, a quarterly cash dividend of per share of common stock on an annualized basis) was declared. It was paid on February 23, 2023 to shareholders of record as of February 9, 2023. 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income or Loss 
 ) Other comprehensive loss during the period, net of tax, before reclassifications ) ) ) ) Amount reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income or loss into net income, net of tax ) ) ) Amount reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income or loss related to amortization of unrealized gains on investment securities transferred to held-to-maturity from available-for-sale, net of tax ) ) Net other comprehensive loss during the period, net of tax ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) Balance at January 1, 2021 ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income during the period, net of tax, before reclassifications ) ) Amount reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income or loss into net income, net of tax ) Amount reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income or loss related to amortization of unrealized gains on investment securities transferred to held-to-maturity from available-for-sale, net of tax ) ) Net other comprehensive (loss) income during the period, net of tax ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Balance at January 1, 2020 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) during the period, net of tax, before reclassifications ) Amount reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income or loss into net income, net of tax ) Amount reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income or loss related to amortization of unrealized gains on investment securities transferred to held-to-maturity from available-for-sale, net of tax ) ) Net other comprehensive income (loss) during the period, net of tax ) Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) 
 162 

Gains (losses) on investment securities, net Income before taxes Tax effect ) ) Income tax expense Net of tax Net income Accumulated unrealized gains (losses) on derivative instruments Amount reclassified to interest income on loans Interest on loans Amount reclassified to interest expense on deposits ) Interest on deposits Amount reclassified to interest expense on other borrowings Interest on other borrowings Amount reclassified to interest expense on junior subordinated debentures Interest on junior subordinated debentures ) Income before taxes Tax effect ) Income tax expense Net of tax ) Net income 

(24) 
 
 primary segments: community banking, specialty finance and wealth management. 
 
 The reportable segments are strategic business units that are separately managed as they offer different products and services and have different marketing strategies. In addition, each segment s customer base has varying characteristics and each segment has a different regulatory environment. While the Company s management monitors each of the bank subsidiaries operations and profitability separately, these subsidiaries have been aggregated into reportable operating segment due to the similarities in products and services, customer base, operations, profitability measures and economic characteristics. 
 
 For purposes of internal segment profitability, management allocates certain intersegment and parent company balances. Management allocates a portion of revenues to the specialty finance segment related to loans and leases originated by the specialty finance segment and sold or assigned to the community banking segment. Similarly, for purposes of analyzing the contribution from the wealth management segment, management allocates a portion of the net interest income earned by the community banking segment on deposit balances of customers of the wealth management segment to the wealth management segment. See Note (10) Deposits for more information on these deposits. Finally, expenses incurred at the Wintrust parent company are allocated to each segment based on each segment s risk-weighted assets. 
 
 The segment financial information provided in the following tables has been derived from the internal profitability reporting system used by management to monitor and manage the financial performance of the Company. The accounting policies of the segments are substantially similar to those described in Note (1) Summary of Significant Accounting Policies . The Company evaluates segment performance based on after-tax profit or loss and other appropriate profitability measures common to each segment. 
 
 163 

Provision for credit losses Non-interest income ) Non-interest expense ) Income tax expense Net income Total assets at end of year 2021 Net interest income Provision for credit losses ) ) ) Non-interest income ) Non-interest expense ) Income tax expense Net income Total assets at end of year 2020 Net interest income Provision for credit losses Non-interest income ) Non-interest expense ) Income tax expense Net income Total assets at end of year 
 
 164 

(25) 
 
 Available-for-sale debt securities and equity securities with readily determinable fair value Investment in and receivable from subsidiaries Goodwill Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Other liabilities Subordinated notes Other borrowings Junior subordinated debentures Shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 
 Other (losses) income ) ) Total income Expenses Interest expense Salaries and employee benefits Other expenses Total expenses (Loss) income before income taxes and equity in undistributed income of subsidiaries ) ) Income tax benefit (Loss) income before equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries ) ) Equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries Net income 
 165 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities Losses (gains) on available-for-sale debt securities and equity securities with readily determinable fair value, net ) ) Depreciation and amortization Deferred income tax (benefit) expense ) ) Stock-based compensation expense ) (Increase) decrease in other assets ) (Decrease) increase in other liabilities ) Equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries ) ) ) Net Cash (Used for) Provided by Operating Activities ) Investing Activities: Capital contributions to subsidiaries, net ) ) ) Other investing activity, net ) ) ) Net Cash Used for Investing Activities ) ) ) Financing Activities: Increase (decrease) in subordinated notes, other borrowings and junior subordinated debentures, net ) ) Proceeds from the issuance of common stock, net Proceeds from issuance of Series E Preferred Stock, net Issuance of common shares resulting from exercise of stock options and employee stock purchase plan Dividends paid ) ) ) Common stock repurchases under authorized program ) ) Common stock repurchases for tax withholdings related to stock-based compensation ) ) Net Cash Provided by (Used for) Financing Activities ) Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents ) Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Year Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Year 

166 

(26) 
 
 Less: Preferred stock dividends Net income applicable to common shares (A) Weighted average common shares outstanding (B) Effect of dilutive potential common shares: Common stock equivalents 
 Weighted average common shares and effect of dilutive potential common shares (C) Net income per common share: Basic (A/B) Diluted (A/C) 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 The Company made no changes in and had no disagreements with its independent accountants during the two most recent fiscal years or any subsequent interim period. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 As of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, management of the Company, under the supervision and with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as defined under Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act. Based upon, and as of the date of that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective, in ensuring the information relating to the Company (and its consolidated subsidiaries) required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act was recorded, processed, summarized and reported in a timely manner. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 167 

Report on Management s Assessment of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Wintrust Financial Corporation is responsible for the preparation, integrity, and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The consolidated financial statements and notes included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States and necessarily include some amounts that are based on management s best estimates and judgments. 
 
 We, as management of Wintrust Financial Corporation, are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting that is designed to produce reliable financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. The system of internal control over financial reporting as it relates to the financial statements is evaluated for effectiveness by management and tested for reliability through a program of internal audits. Actions are taken to correct potential deficiencies as they are identified. Any system of internal control, no matter how well designed, has inherent limitations, including the possibility that a control can be circumvented or overridden and misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, because of changes in conditions, internal control effectiveness may vary over time. Accordingly, even an effective system of internal control will provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. 
 
 Management assessed the Company s system of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, in relation to criteria for the effective internal control over financial reporting as described in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (COSO Criteria). Based on this assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company's system of internal control over financial reporting is effective and meets the criteria of the COSO Criteria. Ernst Young LLP (PCAOB ID ), the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the Company's financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has issued an attestation report on management s assessment of the Corporation s internal control over financial reporting. Their report expresses an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

/s/ Edward J. Wehmer /s/ David L. Stoehr Edward J. Wehmer David L. Stoehr Founder and Executive Vice President Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer 
 Rosemont, Illinois 
 February 28, 2023 
 
 168 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Wintrust Financial Corporation 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Wintrust Financial Corporation and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Wintrust Financial Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated statements of condition of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated February 28, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Report on Management s Assessment of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitation of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 February 28, 2023 
 169 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 The information required in response to this item will be contained in the Company s Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 25, 2023 (the Proxy Statement under the captions Proposal No. 1 - Election of Directors, Executive Officers of the Company, Board of Directors, Committees and Governance and Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 The Company has adopted a Corporate Code of Ethics which complies with the rules of the SEC and the listing standards of the NASDAQ Global Select Market. The code applies to all of the Company s directors, officers and employees and is posted on the Company s website (www.wintrust.com), under the Corporate Governance section of the Investor Relations tab. The Company will post on its website any amendments to, or waivers from, its Corporate Code of Ethics as the code applies to its directors or executive officers. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 The information required in response to this item will be contained in the Company s Proxy Statement under the captions Executive Compensation - Compensation Discussion Analysis, Director Compensation Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation CEO Pay Ratio Disclosure and Compensation Committee Report and is incorporated herein by reference. The information included under the heading Compensation Committee Report in the Proxy Statement shall not be deemed soliciting materials or to be filed with the SEC or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C, or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 170 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 Information with respect to security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is incorporated by reference to the materials under the caption Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners, Directors and Management that will be included in the Company s Proxy Statement. 
 
 The following table summarizes information as of December 31, 2022, relating to the Company s equity compensation plans pursuant to which common stock is authorized for issuance: 
 EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN INFORMATION 
 
 Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders WTFC 1997 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended 85,000 WTFC 2007 Stock Incentive Plan 24,054 WTFC 2015 Stock Incentive Plan 1,333,630 1.66 WTFC 2022 Stock Incentive Plan 21,910 1,600,800 WTFC Employee Stock Purchase Plan 221,110 WTFC Directors Deferred Fee and Stock Plan 434,528 1,464,594 1.51 2,256,438 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders (1) 
 N/A Total 1,464,594 1.51 2,256,438 
 (1) Excludes 13,875 shares of the Company s common stock issuable pursuant to the exercise of options granted under the plan of STC Bancshares Corporation. The weighted average exercise price of these options is 42.18. No additional awards will be made under this plan. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 The information required in response to this item will be contained in the Company s Proxy Statement under the caption Related Party Transactions and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The information required in response to this item will be contained in the Company s Proxy Statement under the caption Audit and Non-Audit Fees Paid and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 171 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 1 Financial Statements 
 The following financial statements of Wintrust Financial Corporation, incorporated herein by reference to Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data: 
 Consolidated Statements of Condition as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 2 Financial Statement Schedules 
 Financial statement schedules have been omitted as they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the Consolidated Financial Statements or notes thereto. 
 
 3 Exhibits (Exhibits marked with a denote management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements) 
 Exhibit No. Exhibit Description 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2006, Exhibits 3.1 and 3.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2011 and Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2012). 3.2 
 Certificate of Designations of the Company filed on June 24, 2015 with the Secretary of State of the State of Illinois designating the preferences, limitations, voting powers and relative rights of the Series D Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 25, 2015). 3.3 
 Certificate of Designations of the Company filed on May 7, 2020 with the Secretary of State of the State of Illinois designating the preferences, limitations, voting powers and relative rights of the Series E Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 8, 2020). 
 3.4 
 Amended and Restated By-laws of the Company, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 30, 2023). 4.1 
 Description of the Company s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 4.2 Certain instruments defining the rights of the holders of long-term debt of the Company and certain of its subsidiaries, none of which authorize a total amount of indebtedness in excess of 10 of the total assets of the Company and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, have not been filed as Exhibits. The Company hereby agrees to furnish a copy of any of these agreements to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 4.3 
 Form of Subordinated Indenture between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 6, 2020). 4.4 
 Form of Depositary Receipt (incorporated by reference as Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 15, 2020). 
 172 

4.5 
 Deposit Agreement, dated as of May 15, 2020, among Wintrust Financial Corporation, U.S. Bank National Association, as Depositary, and the holders from time to time of the Depositary Receipts issued thereunder (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 15, 2020). 
 4.6 
 Subordinated Indenture, dated June 13, 2014, between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 13, 2014). 
 4.7 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated June 13, 2014 between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 13, 2014). 4.8 
 Form of 5.000 Subordinated Note due 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A in Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 13, 2014). 4.9 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated June 6, 2019 between the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 6, 2019). 4.10 
 Form of 4.850 Subordinated Notes due 2029 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A in Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 6, 2019). 4.11 
 Form of Subordinated Indenture (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 6, 2020). 10.1 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of September 18, 2018, among the Company, the lenders named therein, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent and sole lead arranger (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 19, 2018). 10.2 
 First Amendment, dated as of September 17, 2019, to the Credit Agreement dated as of September 18, 2018, as amended, among Wintrust Financial Corporation, the lenders named therein, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 19, 2019). 10.3 
 Second Amendment, dated as of September 15, 2020, to the Credit Agreement dated as of September 18, 2018, as amended, among Wintrust Financial Corporation, the lenders named therein, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 17, 2020). 
 10.4 
 Third Amendment, dated as of September 14, 2021, to the Credit Agreement dated as of September 18, 2018, as amended, among Wintrust Financial Corporation, the lenders named therein, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 14, 2021). 10.5 
 Fourth Amendment, dated as of December 23, 2021, to the Credit Agreement dated as of September 18, 2018, as amended, among Wintrust Financial Corporation, the lenders named therein, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 28, 2021). 10.6 
 Fifth Amendment, dated as of September 13, 2022, to the Credit Agreement dated as of September 18, 2018, as amended, among Wintrust Financial Corporation, the lenders named therein, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 15, 2022). 10.7 
 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of December 12, 2022, by and among Wintrust Financial Corporation, as Borrower, the lenders who are party to the Agreement and the lenders who may become a party to the Agreement pursuant to terms hereof, as Lenders, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, a national banking association, as Administrative Agent for the Lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 15, 2022). 
 173 

10.8 
 Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2014, by and among First Insurance Funding of Canada Inc. and CIBC Mellon Trust Company, in its capacity as Trustee of PLAZA Trust, by its Financial Service Agent, Royal Bank of Canada (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 19, 2014). 10.9 
 First Amending Agreement to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated December 15, 2015, by and among First Insurance Funding of Canada Inc. and CIBC Mellon Trust Company, in its capacity as Trustee of PLAZA Trust, by its Financial Service Agent, Royal Bank of Canada (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016). 10.10 
 Second Amending Agreement to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated September 9, 2016, by and among First Insurance Funding of Canada, Inc. and CIBC Mellon Trust Company, in its capacity as Trustee of PLAZA Trust, by its Financial Service Agent, Royal Bank of Canada (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 28, 2018). 10.11 
 Third Amending Agreement to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated December 15, 2017, by and among First Insurance Funding of Canada Inc. and CIBC Mellon Trust Company, in its capacity as Trustee of PLAZA Trust, by its Financial Service Agent, Royal Bank of Canada (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 18, 2017). 10.12 
 Fourth Amending Agreement to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated June 29, 2018, by and among First Insurance Funding of Canada Inc. and CIBC Mellon Trust Company, in its capacity as Trustee of PLAZA Trust, by its Financial Service Agent, Royal Bank of Canada (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 3, 2018). 10.13 
 Fifth Amending Agreement to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 15, 2019 by and between First Insurance Funding of Canada Inc. and CIBC Mellon Trust, in its capacity as trustee of PLAZA Trust, by its Financial Service Agent, Royal Bank of Canada (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 22, 2019). 10.14 
 Sixth Amending Agreement to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 27, 2019 by and between First Insurance Funding of Canada Inc. and CIBC Mellon Trust, in its capacity as trustee of PLAZA Trust, by its Financial Service Agent, Royal Bank of Canada (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 30, 2019). 10.15 
 Seventh Amending Agreement to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, date as of January 15, 2020 by and between First Insurance Funding of Canada Inc. and CIBC Mellon Trust, in its capacity as trustee of PLAZA Trust, by its Financial Service Agent, Royal Bank of Canada (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 17, 2020). 10.16 
 Eighth Amending Agreement to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated May 20, 2020, by and between First Insurance Funding of Canada Inc. and CIBC Mellon Trust, in its capacity as trustee of the PLAZA Trust, by its Financial Service Agent, Royal Bank of Canada (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 26, 2020). 10.17 
 Ninth Amending Agreement to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated January 15, 2021, by and between First Insurance Funding of Canada Inc. and CIBC Mellon Trust, in its capacity as trustee of the PLAZA Trust, by its Financial Service Agent, Royal Bank of Canada (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 20, 2021). 10.18 
 Tenth Amending Agreement to the Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 2, 2022, by and between First Insurance Funding of Canada Inc. and CIBC Mellon Trust Company, in its capacity as trustee of PLAZA Trust, by its Financial Service Agent, Royal Bank of Canada (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 3, 2022). 10.19 
 Performance Guarantee, made as of December 16, 2014, by the Company in favor of CIBC Mellon Trust Company, in its capacity as trustee of PLAZA Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 19, 2014). 10.20 
 Performance Guarantee Confirmation, made as of December 15, 2017, by the Company in favor of CIBC Mellon Trust Company, in its capacity as trustee of PLAZA Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 18, 2017). 
 174 

10.21 
 Performance Guarantee Confirmation, dated as of June 28, 2018, by the Company in favor of CIBC Mellon Trust Company, in its capacity as trustee of PLAZA Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 3, 2018). 10.22 
 Performance Guarantee Confirmation, dated as of February 15, 2019, by the Company in favor of CIBC Mellon Trust Company, in its capacity as trustee of PLAZA Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 22, 2019). 10.23 
 Performance Guarantee Confirmation, dated as of May 27, 2019, by the Company in favor of CIBC Mellon Trust Company, in its capacity as trustee of PLAZA Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 30, 2019). 10.24 
 Performance Guarantee Confirmation, dated as of January 15, 2020, by the Company in favor of CIBC Mellon Trust Company, in its capacity as trustee of PLAZA Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 17, 2020). 10.25 
 Performance Guarantee Confirmation, dated as of May 20, 2020, by the Company in favor of CIBC Mellon Trust Company, in its capacity as trustee of PLAZA Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 26, 2020). 10.26 
 Performance Guarantee Confirmation, dated as of January 15, 2021, by the Company in favor of CIBC Mellon Trust Company, in its capacity as trustee of PLAZA Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 20, 2021). 10.27 
 Performance Guarantee Confirmation, dated as of May 2, 2022, by the Company in favor of CIBC Mellon Trust Company, in its capacity as trustee of PLAZA Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 3, 2022). 10.28 
 Fee Letter, dated as of May 2, 2022, between First Insurance Funding of Canada Inc. and CIBC Mellon Trust Company, in its capacity as trustee of PLAZA Trust, by its Financial Service Agent, Royal Bank of Canada and acknowledged by First Insurance Funding of Canada Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 3, 2022). 10.29 
 Junior Subordinated Indenture, dated as of August 2, 2005, between the Company and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 4, 2005). 10.30 
 Amended and Restated Trust Agreement, dated as of August 2, 2005, among the Company, as depositor, Wilmington Trust Company, as property trustee and Delaware trustee, and the Administrative Trustees listed therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 4, 2005). 10.31 
 Guarantee Agreement, dated as of August 2, 2005, between the Company, as Guarantor, and Wilmington Trust Company, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 4, 2005). 10.32 
 Indenture, dated as of September 1, 2006, between the Company and LaSalle Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 6, 2006). 10.33 
 Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust, dated as of September 1, 2006, among the Company, as depositor, LaSalle Bank National Association, as institutional trustee, Christiana Bank Trust Company, as Delaware trustee, and the Administrators listed therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 6, 2006). 10.34 
 Guarantee Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2006, between the Company, as Guarantor, and LaSalle Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 6, 2006). 10.35 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated December 19, 2008, between the Company and Edward J. Wehmer, President and Chief Executive Officer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 24, 2008). 
 175 

10.36 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of January 26, 2023, between the Company and Edward J. Wehmer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 30, 2023). 10.37 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated December 19, 2008, between the Company and David A. Dykstra, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 24, 2008). 10.38 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated December 19, 2008, between the Company and Richard B. Murphy, Executive Vice President and Chief Credit Officer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 24, 2008). 
 10.39 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated December 19, 2008, between the Company and David L. Stoehr, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 24, 2008). 10.40 
 Employment Agreement, dated August 11, 2008, between the Company and Timothy S. Crane (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016). 10.41 
 First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated November 30, 2010, between the Company and Timothy S. Crane (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016). 10.42 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of January 26, 2023, between the Company and Timothy S. Crane (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 30, 2023). 
 10.43 
 Wintrust Financial Corporation 1997 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A of the Proxy Statement relating to the May 22, 1997 Annual Meeting of Shareholders of the Company). 10.44 
 First Amendment to Wintrust Financial Corporation 1997 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2000). 10.45 
 Second Amendment to Wintrust Financial Corporation 1997 Stock Incentive Plan adopted by the Board of Directors on January 24, 2002 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 1, 2004). 10.46 
 Third Amendment to Wintrust Financial Corporation 1997 Stock Incentive Plan adopted by the Board of Directors on May 27, 2004 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 1, 2004). 10.47 
 Wintrust Financial Corporation 2007 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 8, 2011). 10.48 
 Wintrust Financial Corporation 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 1, 2015). 10.49 
 Wintrust Financial Corporation 2022 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 27, 2022). 10.50 
 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the Company s 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006). 10.51 
 Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the Company s 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Quarter Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016). 10.52 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award, Agreement under Company s 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021). 
 176 

10.53 
 Form of Performance Share Unit Award - Stock Settled under the Company's 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2013). 10.54 
 Form of Performance Award Agreement - Share Settled under the Company's 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016). 10.55 
 Form of Performance Share Unit Award - Cash Settled under the Company's 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2013). 
 10.56 
 Form of Performance Share Unit Award - Cash Settled under the Company's 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016). 10.57 
 Form of Performance Share Unit Agreement - Shares Settled under the Company s 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 27, 2015). 10.58 
 Form of Performance Share Unit Award - Shares Settled - Deferral Option under the Company s 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016). 10.59 
 Form of Performance Award Agreement - Shares Settled under Company s 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021). 10.60 
 Form of Performance Share Unit Award - Cash Settled - Deferral Option under the Company s 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 29, 2016). 10.61 
 Form of Performance Share Unit Agreement - Cash Settled under the Company s 2007 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 27, 2015). 
 10.62 
 Wintrust Financial Corporation Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended (incorporated by reference to Annex A of the Company's definitive Proxy Statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 24, 2012). 10.63 
 Amended and Restated Wintrust Financial Corporation Employee Stock Purchase Plan, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 25, 2018). 10.64 
 Second Amended and Restated Wintrust Financial Corporation Employee Stock Purchase Plan, (incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 8, 2021). 10.65 
 Wintrust Financial Corporation Directors Deferred Fee and Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix B of the Proxy Statement relating to the May 24, 2001 Annual Meeting of Shareholders of the Company). 10.66 
 Wintrust Financial Corporation 2005 Directors Deferred Fee and Stock Plan, as amended and restated (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 29, 2014). 10.67 
 Form of Cash Incentive and Retention Award Agreement under the Company s 2008 Long-Term Cash and Incentive Retention Plan with no Minimum Payout (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2008). 
 10.68 
 Form of Director Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2009). 10.69 
 Form of Officer Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2009). 
 177 

21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (1) 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 (1) Includes the following financial information included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Statements of Condition, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 178 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 WINTRUST FINANCIAL CORPORATION (Registrant) February 28, 2023 By: /s/ EDWARD J. WEHMER Edward J. Wehmer, Founder and Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 /s/ H. PATRICK HACKETT, JR. H. Patrick Hackett, Jr. 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors February 28, 2023 /s/ EDWARD J. WEHMER 
 Edward J. Wehmer 
 Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) February 28, 2023 /s/ DAVID L. STOEHR 
 David L. Stoehr 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) February 28, 2023 /s/ ELIZABETH H. CONNELLY Elizabeth H. Connelly 
 Director February 28, 2023 /s/ TIMOTHY S. CRANE Timothy S. Crane 
 Director February 28, 2023 /s/ PETER D. CRIST Peter D. Crist 
 Director February 28, 2023 /s/ WILLIAM J. DOYLE 
 William J. Doyle 
 Director February 28, 2023 /s/ MARLA F. GLABE Marla F. Glabe 
 Director February 28, 2023 /s/ SCOTT K. HEITMANN 
 Scott K. Heitmann 
 Director February 28, 2023 /s/ BRIAN A. KENNEY 
 Brian A. Kenney 
 Director February 28, 2023 /s/ DEBORAH L. HALL LEFEVRE 
 Deborah L. Hall Lefevre 
 Director February 28, 2023 /s/ SUZET M. MCKINNEY 
 Suzet M. McKinney 
 Director February 28, 2023 /s/ GARY D. JOE SWEENEY 
 Gary D. Joe Sweeney 
 Director February 28, 2023 /s/ KARIN GUSTAFSON TEGLIA 
 Karin Gustafson Teglia 
 Director February 28, 2023 /s/ ALEX E. WASHINGTON, III 
 Alex E. Washington, III 
 Director February 28, 2023 
 
 179 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 exhibit41registrantsecurit.htm
 EX-4.1

Document 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF 
 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 Introduction 
 
 Wintrust Financial Corporation (the Company, we, us or our has three securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (i) our common stock, (ii) our Fixed-to-Floating Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series D, which we refer to as series D preferred, and (iii) depositary shares, each representing a 1 1,000th interest in a share our 6.875 Fixed-Rate Reset Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series E, which we refer to as series E preferred. Our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol WTFC. Our series D preferred is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol WTFCM. Depositary shares, each representing a 1 1,000th interest in a share of series E preferred, are listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol WTFCP. 
 
 The summaries and descriptions below do not purport to be complete and are qualified in all respects by reference to certain provisions of Illinois law, including the Illinois Business Corporation Act (the IBCA ), as well as our amended and restated articles of incorporation, our by-laws and the certificate of designations for the series D preferred and certificate of designations for the series E preferred (in each case, as may be amended from time to time, our articles of incorporation, bylaws, series D certificate and series E certificate, respectively), each of which have been filed as exhibits to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 Authorized Capital Stock 
 
 Under our articles of incorporation, we have the authority to issue 100 million shares of common stock, without par value, and 20 million shares of preferred stock, without par value (5,000,000 of which are designated as shares of our series D preferred and 14,000 of which are designated as shares of our series E preferred). We may issue shares of any series of preferred stock that we have designated or that we may designate and issue in the future, which may include, without limitation, shares of our preferred stock that are convertible into other securities of the Company. Under our articles of incorporation, our board of directors has the authority to issue preferred stock in one or more classes or series, and to fix for each class or series the voting powers and the distinctive designations, preferences and relative, participation, optional or other special rights and such qualifications, limitations or restrictions, as may be stated and expressed in the resolution or resolutions adopted by the board of directors providing for the issuance of such class or series as may be permitted by the IBCA, including dividend rates, conversion rights, terms of redemption and liquidation preferences and the number of shares constituting each such class or series, without any further vote or action by our shareholders. 
 
 The rights, preferences and privileges of holders of our common stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of shares of any series of our preferred stock, including the series D preferred and series E preferred, and any series of preferred stock that we may designate and issue in the future. 
 
 Description of Common Stock 
 
 Voting Rights. Each holder of our common stock is entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders and does not have cumulative voting rights. Accordingly, holders of a majority of the shares of our common stock entitled to vote in any election of directors of the Company may elect all of the directors standing for election. 
 
 Dividend Rights. The holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends, if and when declared payable by our board of directors from any funds legally available for the payment of dividends, subject to any preferential dividend rights of our outstanding preferred stock, including the series D preferred and series E preferred. 
 
 Liquidation Rights. Upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, the holders of our common stock are entitled to share pro rata in our net assets available after the payment of all debts and other liabilities and subject to the prior rights of any outstanding preferred stock of the Company, including the series D preferred and series E preferred. 

Absence of Other Rights. Under our articles of incorporation, the holders of our common stock have no preemptive, subscription, redemption or conversion rights. 
 
 Description of Series D Preferred 
 
 Dividends. Non-cumulative dividends on the series D preferred are payable quarterly in arrears if, when and as declared by our board of directors, at a rate of 6.50 per year from the original issuance date to, but excluding, July 15, 2025, and from (and including) that date (as currently specified in the certificate of designations and subject to the below) at a floating rate equal to three-month LIBOR plus a spread of 4.06 per year on the liquidation preference of 25 per share. Under the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act AIRLA and Part 253 of Regulation ZZ (Rule 253), the dividend rate on the series D preferred will, by operation of law, change from 3-month USD LIBOR to 3-month CME Term SOFR plus a statutory tenor spread adjustment of 0.26161 . Consequently, for each floating rate period, commencing on July 15, 2025, any dividends will be paid at a rate of the then-current 3-month CME Term SOFR plus 0.26161 , plus the spread of 4.06 per annum. The calculation agent for the series D preferred, Wintrust Investments, LLC, may also make additional administrative conforming changes to the terms of the series D preferred under AIRLA and Rule 253. With certain limited exceptions, if we do not pay full cash dividends on the series D preferred for the most recently completed dividend period, we may not pay dividends on, repurchase, redeem or make a liquidation payment with respect to, our common stock or other stock ranking junior to the series D preferred. 
 
 Redemption. Our series D preferred may be redeemed (i) in whole or in part, from time to time, on any dividend payment date on or after July 15, 2025, or (ii) in whole but not in part, at any time within 90 days following a Regulatory Capital Treatment Event (as defined in the certificate of designations for the series D preferred), in each case at a redemption price equal to 25 per share, plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends to, but excluding, the redemption date. 
 
 Conversion. Holders of our series D preferred shall not have any rights to convert shares of our series D preferred into, or exchange shares of our series D preferred for, shares of any other class of capital stock of the Company. 
 
 Reorganization Events and Fundamental Transactions. If the Company liquidates, dissolves or winds-up, either voluntarily or involuntarily, holders of series D preferred shall be entitled to receive a liquidating distribution of 25 per share of series D preferred, plus any declared and unpaid dividends thereon (without accumulation of any undeclared dividends) to and including the date of such liquidation, out of assets legally available for distribution to shareholders of the Company, before the Company makes any distribution of assets to the holders of our common stock or any other class or series of shares of junior stock. Distributions will be made pro rata as to our series D preferred and any other parity stock and only to the extent of the Company s assets, if any, that are available after satisfaction of all liabilities to creditors and subject to the rights of holders of any securities ranking senior to our series D preferred and any other parity stock. 
 
 Voting Rights. Holders of our series D preferred generally do not have any voting rights, except as required by law or as may be required by the rules of the NASDAQ Global Select Market. However, we may not amend our articles of incorporation in a manner adverse to the rights of the holders of our series D preferred, issue capital stock ranking senior to the series D preferred or take certain other actions without the approval of the holders of the series D preferred. In addition, holders of series D preferred, together with the holders of other parity securities having similar voting rights, may elect two directors if we have not paid dividends on our series D preferred for six or more quarterly dividend periods, whether or not consecutive. Holders of series D preferred shall have one vote per share on any matter in which holders of series D preferred are entitled to vote. 
 
 Ranking on a Parity with Series E Preferred. The series D preferred will rank on a parity with the series E preferred, and each other class or series of capital stock the Company may issue in the future, the terms of which expressly provide that such class or series will rank on a parity with the series D preferred as to dividend rights and rights on liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company. 

Description of Series E Preferred 
 
 Dividends. Non-cumulative dividends on the series E preferred are payable quarterly in arrears if, when and as declared by our board of directors, at a fixed rate of 6.875 per annum from October 15, 2020 to, but excluding, July 15, 2025, and from (and including) that date at a floating rate equal to the Five-Year Treasury Rate (as defined in the certificate of designations for the series E preferred) plus 6.507 . With certain limited exceptions, if we do not pay full cash dividends on the series E preferred for the most recently completed dividend period, we may not pay dividends on, repurchase, redeem or make a liquidation payment with respect to, our common stock or other stock ranking junior to the series E preferred. 
 
 Redemption . Our series E preferred may be redeemed (i) on and after July 15, 2025 at the Company s option at every fifth anniversary of such date, in whole or in part, or (ii) in whole but not in part, at any time within 90 days following a Regulatory Capital Treatment Event (as defined in the certificate of designations for the series E preferred), in each case, at a redemption price equal to 25,000 per share, plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends to, but excluding, the redemption date. 
 
 Conversion. Holders of our series E preferred shall not have any rights to convert shares of our series E preferred into, or exchange shares of our series E preferred for, shares of any other class of capital stock of the Company. 
 
 Reorganization Events and Fundamental Transactions. If the Company liquidates, dissolves or winds-up, either voluntarily or involuntarily, holders of series E preferred shall be entitled to receive a liquidating distribution of 25,000 per share of series E preferred, plus any declared and unpaid dividends thereon (without accumulation of any undeclared dividends) to and including the date of such liquidation, out of assets legally available for distribution to shareholders of the Company, before the Company makes any distribution of assets to the holders of our common stock or any other class or series of shares of junior stock. Distributions will be made pro rata as to our series E preferred and any other parity stock and only to the extent of the Company s assets, if any, that are available after satisfaction of all liabilities to creditors and subject to the rights of holders of any securities ranking senior to our series E preferred and any other parity stock. 
 
 Voting Rights. Holders of our series E preferred generally do not have any voting rights, except as required by law or as may be required by the rules of the NASDAQ Global Select Market. However, we may not amend our articles of incorporation in a manner adverse to the rights of the holders of our series E preferred, issue capital stock ranking senior to the series E preferred or take certain other actions without the approval of the holders of the series E preferred. In addition, holders of series E preferred, together with the holders of other parity securities having similar voting rights, may elect two directors if we have not paid dividends on our series E preferred for six or more quarterly dividend periods, whether or not consecutive. Holders of series E preferred shall have one vote per share on any matter in which holders of series E preferred are entitled to vote. 
 
 Ranking on a Parity with Series D Preferred. The series E preferred will rank on a parity with the series D preferred, and each other class or series of capital stock the Company may issue in the future, the terms of which expressly provide that such class or series will rank on a parity with the series E preferred as to dividend rights and rights on liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Company. 
 
 Description of Depositary Shares, Each Representing a 1 1,000th Interest in a Share of Series E Preferred 
 
 Dividends and Other Distributions. The depositary will distribute any cash dividends or other cash distributions received in respect of the deposited series E preferred to the record holders of depositary shares represented thereby in proportion to the number of depositary shares held by the holders. The depositary will distribute any property received by it other than cash to the record holders of depositary shares entitled to those distributions, unless it determines that the distribution cannot be made proportionally among those holders or that it is not feasible to make a distribution (including any requirement that we or the depositary withhold an amount on account of taxes). In that event, the depositary may, with our approval, adopt a method as it deems equitable and practicable for purposes of effecting the distribution, including selling the property (at a public or private sale) and distributing the net proceeds from the sale to the holders of the depositary shares in proportion to the number of depositary shares they hold. Record dates for the payment of dividends and other matters relating to the depositary shares will be the same as the corresponding record dates for the series E preferred. 

Redemption. If we redeem the series E preferred represented by the depositary shares, the depositary shares will be redeemed from the proceeds received by the depositary resulting from the redemption of the series E preferred held by the depositary. The redemption price per depositary share will be equal to 1 1,000th of the redemption price per share payable with respect to the series E preferred (or 25.00 per depositary share), plus any 
 declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends. Whenever we redeem shares of series E preferred held by the depositary, the depositary will redeem, as of the same redemption date, the number of depositary shares representing shares of series E preferred so redeemed. In case of any redemption of less than all of the outstanding depositary shares, the depositary shares to be redeemed will be selected by the depositary pro rata or by lot. In any such case, the depositary will redeem depositary shares only in increments of 100 shares and any multiple thereof. 
 
 Liquidation Preference. In the event that we liquidate, dissolve or wind-up our business and affairs, either voluntarily or involuntarily, each holder of a depositary share will be entitled to receive a liquidation distribution of 25.00 per depositary share, plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends, before we make any distribution of assets to the holders of our common stock or any other class or series of stock ranking junior to the series E preferred as to that distribution. 
 
 Voting Rights. When the depositary receives notice of any meeting at which the holders of the series E preferred are entitled to vote, the depositary will mail (or otherwise transmit by an authorized method) the information contained in the notice to the record holders of the depositary shares representing the series E preferred. Each record holder of the depositary shares on the record date, which will be the same date as the record date for the series E preferred, may instruct the depositary to vote the amount of the series E preferred represented by the holder s depositary shares. To the extent possible, the depositary will vote the amount of the series E preferred represented by depositary shares in accordance with the instructions it receives. We will agree to take all reasonable actions that the depositary determines are necessary to enable the depositary to vote as instructed. If the depositary does not receive specific instructions from the holders of any depositary shares representing the series E preferred, it will vote all depositary shares of that series held by it proportionately with instructions received. 
 
 Certain Provisions of Our Articles of Incorporation, By-Laws, Illinois Law and Certain Applicable Banking Regulations That May Have an Anti-Takeover Effect 
 
 Certain provisions of our articles of incorporation, our by-laws, Illinois law and certain applicable banking regulations may have the effect of impeding the acquisition of control of the Company by means of a tender offer, a proxy fight, open-market purchases or otherwise in a transaction not approved by our board of directors. 
 
 These provisions may have the effect of discouraging a future takeover attempt that is not approved by our board of directors but which our individual shareholders may deem to be in their best interests or in which our shareholders may receive a substantial premium for their shares over then-current market prices. As a result, shareholders who might desire to participate in such a transaction may not have an opportunity to do so. Such provisions will also render the removal of our current board of directors or management more difficult. 
 
 These provisions of our articles of incorporation and our by-laws include the following 
 
 our board of directors may issue additional authorized shares of our capital stock to deter future attempts to gain control of the Company, including the authority to determine the terms of any one or more series 
 
 of preferred stock, such as voting rights, conversion rates and liquidation preferences. As a result of the ability to fix voting rights for a series of preferred stock, our board has the power, to the extent consistent with its fiduciary duty, to issue a series of preferred stock to persons friendly to management in order to attempt to block a merger or other transaction by which a third party seeks control, and thereby assist the incumbent board of directors and management to retain their respective positions 
 our articles of incorporation do not provide for cumulative voting for any purpose, and our articles of incorporation and by-laws also provide that any action required or permitted to be taken by shareholders may be taken only at an annual or special meeting and prohibit shareholder action by written consent in lieu of a meeting 

our articles of incorporation expressly elect to be governed by the provisions of Section 7.85 of the IBCA. Section 7.85 prohibits a publicly held Illinois corporation from engaging in a business combination unless, in addition to any affirmative vote required by law or the articles of incorporation of the company, the proposed business combination 
 o receives the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 80 of the combined voting power of the then outstanding shares of all classes and series of the corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors voting together as a single class (the voting shares), and the affirmative vote of a majority of the voting shares held by disinterested shareholders and 
 o is approved by at least two-thirds of the disinterested directors or 
 o provides for consideration offered to shareholders that meets certain fair price standards and satisfies certain procedural requirements. 
 
 Such fair price standards require that the fair market value per share of the consideration offered be equal to or greater than the higher of 
 
 the highest per share price paid by the interested shareholder during the two-year period immediately prior to the first public announcement of the proposed business combination or in the transaction by which the interested shareholder became an interested shareholder and 
 the fair market value per share of common stock on the first trading date after the first public announcement of the proposed business combination or on the first trading date after the date of the first public announcement that the interested shareholder has become an interested shareholder. 
 
 For purposes of Section 7.85, disinterested director means any member of the board of directors of the corporation who 
 
 is neither the interested shareholder nor an affiliate or associate of the interested shareholder 
 was a member of the board of directors prior to the time that the interested shareholder became an interested shareholder or was a director of the corporation before January 1, 1997, or was recommended to succeed a disinterested director by a majority of the disinterested directors then in office and 
 was not nominated for election as a director by the interested shareholder or any affiliate or associate of the interested shareholder. 
 
 The amendment of our articles of incorporation must be approved by a majority vote of the board of directors and also by a two-thirds vote of the outstanding shares of our common stock provided , however , that an affirmative vote of at least 85 of the outstanding voting stock entitled to vote is required to amend or repeal certain provisions of the articles of incorporation, including provisions (a) prohibiting cumulative voting rights, (b) relating to certain business combinations, (c) limiting the shareholders' ability to act by written consent, (d) regarding the minimum number of directors, (e) regarding indemnification of directors and officers by the Company and limitation of liability for directors and (f) regarding amendment of the foregoing supermajority provisions of our articles of incorporation. Our by-laws provide that the power to make, alter, amend, or repeal the by-laws shall be vested in the shareholders or the board of directors by a resolution adopted by a majority of the board of directors. 
 
 The provisions described above are intended to reduce our vulnerability to takeover attempts and certain other transactions that have not been negotiated with and approved by members of our board of directors. 

The ability of a third party to acquire the Company is also limited under applicable banking regulations. The Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, or the Bank Holding Company Act, requires any bank holding company (as defined in such Act) to obtain the approval of the Federal Reserve prior to acquiring more than 5 of our outstanding common stock. Any person other than a bank holding company is required to obtain prior approval of the Federal Reserve to acquire 10 or more of our outstanding common stock under the Change in Bank Control Act of 1978. Any holder of 25 or more of our outstanding common stock, other than an individual, is subject to regulation as a bank holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act. For purposes of calculating ownership thresholds under these banking regulations, bank regulators would likely at least take the position that the minimum number of shares, and could take the position that the maximum number of shares, of our common stock that a holder is entitled to receive pursuant to securities convertible into or settled in our common stock, including pursuant to our warrants to purchase common stock held by such holder, must be taken into account in calculating a shareholder's aggregate holdings of our common stock. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 exhibit211subsidiaries1231.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 December 31, 2022 
 
 Subsidiary Jurisdiction Barrington Bank & Trust Company, N.A. United States Beverly Bank & Trust Company, N.A. United States Crystal Lake Bank & Trust Company, N.A. United States Chicago Deferred Exchange Company, LLC Delaware Elektra Holding Company, LLC Delaware First Insurance Funding of Canada, Inc. Canada FIFC Edge International Corporation United States Great Lakes Advisors, LLC Delaware Hinsdale Bank & Trust Company, N.A. United States Hyde Park Facilities, Inc. Illinois Lake Forest Bank & Trust Company, N.A. United States Libertyville Bank & Trust Company, N.A. United States Northbrook Bank & Trust Company, N.A. United States Old Plank Trail Community Bank, N.A. United States Schaumburg Bank & Trust Company, N.A. United States St. Charles Bank & Trust Company, N.A. United States State Bank of the Lakes, N.A. United States The Chicago Trust Company, N.A. United States Town Bank, N.A. United States Tricom, Inc. of Milwaukee Wisconsin Village Bank & Trust, N.A. United States Wintrust Investments, L.L.C. Delaware WHAMCO Holding Company Illinois Wheaton Bank and Trust Company, N.A. United States Wintrust Asset Finance Inc. Delaware Wintrust Bank, N.A. United States Community Financial Shares Statutory Trust II Delaware First Northwest Capital Trust I Delaware Northview Capital Trust I Delaware Suburban Illinois Capital Trust II Delaware Town Bankshares Capital Trust I Delaware Wintrust Capital Trust III Delaware Wintrust Statutory Trust IV Connecticut Wintrust Statutory Trust V Connecticut Wintrust Capital Trust VII Delaware Wintrust Capital Trust VIII Delaware Wintrust Capital Trust IX Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 exhibit231consentofindepen.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 (1) Registration Statements (Form S-8 Nos. 333-265299, 333-256547, 333-249951, 333-234120, 333-226000, 333-204768, 333-204767, 333-200149, 333-183234, 333-177809, 333-177808, 333-175899, 333-140141, 333-136964, 333-61678, 333-33459, 333-52650, 333-96983, 333-124433, 333-111277, 333-119979, 333-119976 and 333-117044) of Wintrust Financial Corporation and 
 
 (2) Registration Statements (Form S-3 Nos. 333-238023, 333-175467, 333-84188, 333-103134, and 333-115898) of Wintrust Financial Corporation 
 
 of our reports dated February 28, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Wintrust Financial Corporation and subsidiaries included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Wintrust Financial Corporation for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Ernst & Young LLP 
 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 February 28, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 exhibit311executivesignoff.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Edward J. Wehmer, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Wintrust Financial Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f), for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounted principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 28, 2023 
 
 s EDWARD J. WEHMER Name Edward J. Wehmer 
 Title Founder and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 exhibit312executivesignoff.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, David L. Stoehr, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Wintrust Financial Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f), for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounted principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 28, 2023 
 
 s DAVID L. STOEHR Name David L. Stoehr 
 Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 exhibit321sox1231224q22.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT SECTION 906 
 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, the undersigned Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Wintrust Financial Corporation the Company certify, on the basis of such officers knowledge and belief that 

(1) The Annual Report of the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 28, 2023, (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s EDWARD J. WEHMER Name Edward J. Wehmer 
 Title Founder and Chief Executive Officer 
 Date February 28, 2023 
 
 s DAVID L. STOEHR Name David L. Stoehr 
 Title Executive Vice President and 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 Date February 28, 2023 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. This certification accompanies the Report and shall not be treated as having been filed as part of this Report. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 wtfc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 wtfc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 wtfc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 wtfc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 wtfc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

